my wife professionally goes by her maiden name which is two very common names think "jane smith" or something similar . my wife is in academia and her work phone email and office location are easily findable if you google her name. my wife started getting weird emails from strangers which started out rather innocently but now are usually sexually suggestive. she also has gotten some strange sexually suggestive voicemails. at first she thought disgruntled students were playing a prank on her and actually notified campus police but after we did some investigating we found that there is a woman selling pornographic clips of herself using my wife name as an alias we assume it an alias . now seems like these emails voicemails are coming from people attempting to reach this woman. my wife want to change her name change her contact info or delist her contact information colleagues from other institutions may need to get in touch with her this way . attempted to reach out to this woman on twitter pleading her to change her name and there no response. would it be worth it to discuss with an attorney i imagine have to subpoena twitte video sale site she uses and then send her a c d once we have her real name and address. the whole process seems like be long and expensive which is why asking if it even possible for us to force this woman to change her name. your post has been removed for the following reason : bad or illegal advice your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. it is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion misunderstands the fundamental legal question or is advice to commit an illegal act. please review the following rules before commenting further: general rule 8 commenting rules 1 and 3 reddit violent content rule please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. your post has been removed for the following reason : generally unhelpful or off topic your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off topic. it either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided please review the following rules before commenting further: commenting rules 1 2 3 4 6 8 and 9 . please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. your post has been removed for the following reason : personal attack or otherwise in poor taste your comment has been removed because it contains a personal attack or is otherwise a tasteless comment. please review the following rules and focus on answering legal questions instead of insulting others. commenting rules 5 and 7 please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. your post has been removed for the following reason : generally unhelpful or off topic your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off topic. it either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided please review the following rules before commenting further: commenting rules 1 2 3 4 6 8 and 9 . please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. your post has been removed for the following reason : generally unhelpful or off topic your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off topic. it either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided please review the following rules before commenting further: commenting rules 1 2 3 4 6 8 and 9 . please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. just a couple of commercials no stage acting like my "imposter"; but that exactly why it raised a flag. i got a random email from a casting director thinking they were me. if i ever want to make a real effort and quit my day job this could cause complications if i rectify it now. as another user commented i'm going to find out if they registered their stage name yet and if not get the jump on them. i already have the url and all the social media accounts so i'm working on it. you can save comments and posts. you dont have to comment some nonsense or a period to get to the post later. i know the people that you know in academia but that definitely not my experience. yes early in the career if you barely have any quality publications it still an option but it definitely not something you want to do further down their career as op wife seems to be. basically that kind of what happens. yes nowadays there orcid but most people still search by name. my professor changed his name after marriage and his earlier work is basically non existent for the average person looking him up. it definitely something you want to avoid further down your career. i'm published in a paper and my last name is misspelled. i get called out on it every time i put it on a job application. it a big deal. many people have similar names. that her problem. start adding her middle initial to all official documents so people can tell them apart. so now you have two names attached to your published work. give me a use case where this would be an issue. people change their names all the time in academia it really not a problem. it may be easier and more effective to add more identifying information to her public information and contact options. for example on academic websites you may be able to add a photograph her work history resume info her age which could be really useful if there is a disparity e.g. the porn star is 18 and your wife is 30 something or links to public professional profiles like linkedin. these guys will naturally want to check out her "information" and if the websites have her photo it will quickly help them move onto the next result. seeing her resume should also make it clear that your wife is the wrong person. depending on the level of control you have over online listings you may want to add a link from her page that says something like "other people with the same name" and link to a people finding website that has the porn start as a top result. you have the option to just use her legal name well there your cheap and easy solution. which is your whole bread basket if an academic it not like once you change your name you lose all claims to works published under your old name. she just happens to apparently be the first or second most famous owner. it not the same at all. the issue with academia is having your name attached to your published work which is your whole bread basket if an academic. your post has been removed for the following reason : identification of any involved party posts or submissions that ask for or contain information that could be used to identify either party are subject to immediate removal. if this information is included in the title of your post which cannot be edited you must re post without this information. if not you will need to edit your comment or post. please review the following rules before commenting further general rule 10 posting rule 3 reddit personal information rule please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. explaining why doing this kind of "title research" could get interesting. not unless you can prove it was intended to or is very likely to create confusion for consumers or imply some sort of endorsement. james deen dru berrymore brittany rears olivia wilder michael j. cox lizz tayler tyra banxxx cory everson nikki sexx wesley pipes monica beluchi bella reese john e. depth faye runaway courtney foxxx tera patrick darryl hannah i found a clickbaity list! orcid 