i entered into a lease in june of this year in tn and from the start had issues with my landlord repairing the problems we brought to her attention. the two issues that caused us to request an immediate and mutual termination of lease was: 1. mold started forming in various places around the home due to the house having a severe lack of weatherproofing and leaking in the walls which created substantial dampness. i'm talking about water dripping off the windows and dehumidifier registering the levels at 88 all around the house. i notified the landlord of the mold issue and she took no action past the 14 day period referenced in the tennessee uniform landlord tenant act. 2. mice later discovered to be rats infiltrated the home through various holes and cracks in the floor baseboards and doors. i informed the landlord of mice droppings as well as the health hazard they pose. she states that she called pest control but said they do anything because i have a dog in the house. 11 days passed from when she was notified to when we notified her that we would be moving out. i never told her not to carry through with pest control but to have the company contact me or notify me of when they would be coming. we have moved out into a new place and i am currently disputing with the landlord regarding the return of prepaid rent and the security deposit. i am going to be talking with a lawyer regarding this issue but wanted to get a gauge of what you all thought regarding the situation. 1. through text messages i can show a habitual trend of lying and putting off repair requests for the baseboards amongst other issues but i'm unsure of whether this is admissible. 2. i can show dates and times of her being notified of the 2 issues listed above and how no action was taken for either. 3. i had a code inspector come out from the city division who cited several issues but did not provide much elaboration on whether they were extreme enough to constitute the house not a "safe and habitable dwelling". i plan on contacting the office to see if i can get a copy of the report. any advice or insight would be appreciated. thank you.