hello reddit! hopefully i'm not dying anytime soon! i just think about what i might like to happen when i inevitably peek the other side of the veil! really i would like for my skull and bones to be made into some kind of art sculpture that people could gaze upon and appreciate for generations! what is the legality behind this kind of transaction are there any kind of companies that could connect dead bodies up with artists hahahaha this sounds mental i am in the uk wanna leave a glamorous corpse! i have no idea about donating to art however i do know a little bit about donations of the body. pieces of yourself can be willed to people i got someone teeth that i use in some art costumes i wear but i sell them . if you donate your body to science you have to first determine with whom you want your body to reside medical university biomedical company etc. and fill out their pre determined waivers legal documents screenings. you would then give that information to your pcp your medical proxy. these donation programs have strict ways your body must be taken care of once a corpse like no autopsy. so if considering donation to art maybe contact a studio gallery artist and ask if it possible. recommend starting with body worlds as they might know where to start. it said they want to call attention to it so they did it secretly so i would think not the article mention it but does he get credit in the playbill for playing the part of yorick there is an artist named andrew krasnow that uses human skin in his work. he made an american flag and a map of the united states out of human leather. the skin is donated and if i recall correctly he taking any more donations because he has too many already. so it not outside the realm of possibility. you might be right. however del ashes reside in the io theater in the cabaret named after him. del close tried to donate his skull for the exact same reason and i believe the physicians and or hospital staff just laughed and said they be cutting off his head i think bodyworlds is still considered donation to science but it definately on the blurry line between art and science. here you go! details on this i know about the legal aspects but have you heard of bodyworlds bodies are preserved by something called plastination and then displayed. not sure that quite what looking for but worth a look maybe i remember hearing about a guy who loved shakespeare and is now used in the “to be or not to be scene”. he plays the part of the skull. 