alrighty so first and foremost i'm located in georgia. now three days ago i was in an accident at work. i was working at a warehouse through a temp agency. in this accident my left foot was broken i was taken to the er where they gave me a boot some perscriptions and was told to follow up with their orthopedic surgeon as soon as possible. i tried to see them immediately after being released but was told that i needed to have my handler from the temp agency contact them first. she wasnt available so i just got an uber back to my van then left. they told me at the er that this would likely take about two months to heal properly and i should keep off of it but i was cleared for light duty in the meantime. it now thursday and i only just got in contact with my handler who has been out of the office and wont return until monday. i got in contact with her over the phone today she told me i'm to go to an urgent care clinic they chose instead of the orthopedic surgeon the hospital told me to go to and that going to put me to work in their office at the temp agency "shredding doing paperwork and hanging christmas ornaments . i asked her if she was serious she said yes. when i asked her if my pay was going to change or if be making the same amount of hours she said my pay probably wont change and as for hours going to "average out the amount of hours worked for the last four weeks and go from there". i didnt really understand that last bit. now something tell you guys but havent told her is that i'm living in my van right now. been doing this for about eight months and got this job three months ago and have finally been able to save up enough to be able to get a place with my sister who is planning to move up in january. this injury has put those plans on hold given how uncertain everything now is. i did explain to her that i'm moving very soon and everything is so tight as it is that if i lose my income too much probably end up on the streets. she seem to care all that much. now my questions for you guys. does this seem legit i get that i'm cleared for light duty but shredding and hanging ornaments really i guess as long as my pay remains the same i'm fine but what if they just decide to drop my pay or dont have enough work to fill 40 hours per week i just feel like i'm sort of getting shafted here. even past all that the injury i sustained was due to using a forklift that i wasnt even trained to use . i was given a forklift license for an entirely different type of lift but even that class was a joke as they gave me all the answers. the lift i was injured on is very touchy and one you stand on i never was trained to use it and was expected to teach myself. that be right. none of this seems right to me but i'm also not very familiar with how workers comp works. tl;dr was injured in a forklift accident at work broke foot. cleared for light duty at the er and have been told that be shredding documents and hanging ornaments at uncertain pay and uncertain hours until healed. additionally i have not been able to see the doctor i was told to see by the er and instead go to an urgent care clinic they chose. all this due to being expected to use a forklift that i was never trained to use. is this right as someone who hated physical labor and has mostly worked in desk work i get it. it different and probably unpleasant. while it may not be safe for some specific types of physical jobs look into getting borrow from a friend if you can! a "peg leg" and or knee scooter if the injury is totally in your foot and affect your knee or shin at all. a peg leg is a padded shin rest you bend your knee and place your shin on it and strap in and it extends your leg down to the floor with a little peg leg. so you can walk around with a stiff leg on that side but still without putting weight on your injured foot at all. and possibly seen knee scooters around as i think more common but like a kid scooter almost with little handlebars but with a resting place for your shin. either one of those will have you a lot more mobile the peg leg being a little more friendly for rougher terrain a friend of mine who works with horses was able to continue working a mostly normal schedule once she got hers . again might not be super safe for working in really industrial type jobs but maybe you could work some of the more physical jobs the temp agency has at least this seems fairly up and up to me except for the lack of training on the forklift in which case you probably legally refused to operate it but i can see why that feel like an option in the moment . i work for an employer in the payroll hr ish capacity and our workers comp insurance pays employees for time they miss work after a three day waiting period and my employer pays for those three days even though we have to legally though i think that ever kicked in since worked here. but they do expect you to do the minimum level of work been cleared for by a doctor so if the doctor clears you for "light duty " they expect you to work light duty if your employer has a job for you to do that meets the criteria. at my employer a worker was injured and do his normal job but was cleared for light duty and we were behind on some filing in the office so we put him to work catching up the filing as it a job that needs to be done but take much in the way of training if you can sing the alphabet song and ask anytime you have a question like whether john smith gets filed under j or s pretty much good to go . shredding is one of those jobs. and if they like having the office decorated for christmas and usually it an employee of the temp agency who decorates while clocked in and they want to pay you to do it then it sounds totally legit. might not be what you want to do but it legal for them to employ you to do it. have you been given contact info for the workers comp insurance company you could reach out to them to ask if they cover you receiving your full normal pay if the temp agency lowers your wage but i would push them to keep you at your normal wage and average number of hours no matter what duties they assign you so that your pay stays as expected. good luck! would recommend getting firm answers on the pay and hours since you may be eligible for any loss in compensation or some portion thereof based on the injury. i'm not initmately familiar with ga wc but most states allow you to appeal and or request a alternate healthcare provider if you are not comfortable with your course of treatment. in regards to them putting you on light duty that seems about right to me. they are attempting to place you on light duty and that is what they have available. i am not sure but what would your expectations be here the link to the ga sbwc you may want to also read up on some of the other wc stories on here to see what getting screwed by your employer in a wc situation really looks like. it seems they are moving on it and you are getting answers in a relatively short time. 