hello la i live in maine. here the story: i rent an apartment from a private landlord. i have a lease. i am on hold with local legal aid right now. will update when i get off the phone with them. oh and btw i panic if this does go to court. if this terribly badly written notice is all he has i have a feeling be in for a surprise. i would just wait and see if you get a follow up from the landlord or receive a court notice. you did all you can. if you use a newspaper keep it until all this is completely over. that way you have proof. also upload the pictures to a cloud service holy shit it say that. it only says “you are notified that you are living in unhealthy living conditions. a notice will be filed to evict you if you have not cleaned or moved out of the dwelling within seven 7 days after you receive this notice. if you clean before the end of the seven 7 day period you may stay.” ianal. he just show up in court without proof and get you evicted. someone below mentioned section 6021 which the issue here it section 6002 which is pretty a narrowly defined set of 7 day eviction reasons the poster was right that maine is very tenant friendly #x200b; ~~did the landlord provide a written notice ~~ did the notice say you have the right to contest this in court by law it has to say that. if it you can actually not show up in court and the judge will set aside a default judgment against you. still and you probably already know this you really should show up in court if it gets to that. #x200b; edit: wording oh you definitely can but the process is a whole lot different than a regular eviction. i tried not to give the impression that it happen which is why i worded it the way i did. according to pine tree legal you absolutely can be evicted in the winter with children. otherwise i would absolutely have already been in contact with someone. i'm also a maine resident and i wanted to add a point. you mention it but do you have children if got kids your landlord is fighting a losing battle to try and evict you during the "winter period". there are boatloads of protections for parents in the winter against evictions. first and foremost call our ag office. sort of a "catch all" here in the state and have helped me in a bunch of different ways. they file anything for you pay for anything but they can point you in the way for assistance if necessary and they will walk you through the process of getting an attorney who is reliable. in fact they probably have a list of them they can give you to help with your search. seriously call the ag office. but if he tries to evict you you really should talk to a lawyer. if you cannot afford one there should be a legal aid in your area that will at the very least offer you advice and legal aid attorneys hate scumbags like your landlord so they might go the extra mile . search for "landlord tenant attorneys" or "eviction attorneys". ding ding ding he is looking for a quick eviction. if he wants the apartment in show condition he can pay a maid to clean it before a showing. not obligated to make it show ready for him and help him sell the building. also here is the maine law regarding habitability. note it mainly protects you the tenant. it also mention clean floors. if he continues to be a dick get a lawyer to write him a fuck off letter. it seems maine may even have penalties for landlords who try to retaliate through eviction threats. start regularly taking detailed photos and or videos of your place ideally with something with the date time on it in the frame newspaper some recent bill received etc . if he makes another complaint you want evidence that the place is regularly clean and be able to provide that evidence if he tries to evict. it sounds like maybe your landlord has decided that it will be easier to sell the building without a tenant because any buyer would still have to honor your lease. unless you get something in writing saying all clear assume it still in effect and that you will need to appear in tenancy court with any evidence you have or lose by default. correct that the things you reference should not meet the standard for evicting you. ianal if served fight it make sure you show up for the court date and be prepared with your evidence. print out stills from the video and bring 3 copies of everything you plan to present in court. dress like going to court be respectful etc. one thing i suggest having done it myself is find out what judge be dealing with and go in to court in the gallery audience and just observe a few rounds of eviction hearings they can be fairly fast paced it might shock you how quickly they just rule for the petitioner if the respondent ready so be ready. if you can afford it get a consultation with an attorney. that said it sound like they have a case against you. it may be worth going to an attorney and getting a very strongly worded letter telling them just that. that what i did my ll show up to court and all was good after that. thank you! cool habitability in terms of residential space generally follows a set definition none of which is met by your description of things. you absolutely should fight this if he pushes it because you want an eviction on your record. i imagine the judge doing anything but slapping your landlord for his idiocy. bacon reader decided for a few minutes that it necessary. should be fixed now. what happened to the story 