first time posting long time listener with a throw away account. ; how do i get custody of my son when hes been living with his father full time for the past years? before that between him my mom and me. no one really has "full custody" of the child but years ago we had a sit down mediation where i unknowing signed off that he would be the primary care taker his lawyer basically bullied me into signing saying that if i sign we would go to court and i would lose. i have a lawyer so i signed i constantly ask him about my son coming to live with me and he refuses this past summer he let my son come stay with me until i drop the custody papers i filed against him. i move to tn almost years ago with my so for better opportunities and he lives in fl there was a brief time when my son was getting into trouble at school and his father "spanked" him but left him with some bruises. we took pictures of it and told him if he was to ever do that again i would call the police. i should of called right than but i was afraid of any repercussions dsf getting involved and in all honesty always had a soft spot for him. he was my high school boyfriend and we had our baby when we were young i recently had a baby with my current so and we both agreed that quitting my job and staying home with the baby would be the best idea. i been on child support because we had both agreed that we do that until now he served me papers. can my ex take me to court for child support even if i'm not working? can i still get custody my son even though hes been living with his father for the past years? ; me and the father have never been married and currently not married with my so ; i had a hard time writing this so forgive me if theres a lack of information. can my ex take me to court for child support even if i'm not working? yes. if you are not working your income can be imputed according to income earning potential. can i still get custody my son even though hes been living with his father for the past years? if you mean full or primary custody it going to be an uphill battle to justify interrupting the status quo and moving the child out of state. not impossible but you have not disclosed circumstances that would make it likely. if you mean visitation then absolutely it likely that you can be granted court ordered visitation. in fact i would suggest a formal parenting plan be implemented so that visitation is court ordered and not by his whims. you need a family law attorney.