not me but a co worker. #x200b; at work we have a break room with a passcode that only employees and managers know. earlier this month a co worker had about 10 one dollar bills stolen from their locker. all the employees working that day have worked there for a while and have a trustworthy reputation. however one employee who was hired a few days prior to this incident was seen going into the break room off the clock and seen coming out until 10 minutes later. then they bought something with 10 one dollar bills. a manager was present during the exchange. most of the managers agree that it is likely this new hire. however because the victim did not have a lock on their locker and there is a paper on the break room wall stating that they are not liable for stolen property if there a lock they claim that they do anything #x200b; then a few days ago the same employee had $11 stolen. there were 4 employees working that day one of which is the suspected employee. this time the victim had a lock on their locker but the thief bent the locker open. #x200b; now a disclaimer. this is all reported by the victim. i was working at the time the first incident happened and their story lines up with what i witnessed. however something that i find odd is that the victim used different lockers and they are the only ones to have something stolen. there are no identifying characteristics on the outside of the lockers. #x200b; also there are no cameras inside the break room so we have concrete evidence but we think the evidence for the first incident is very strong. #x200b; my question is is the company liable because the victim had a lock on their locker and the paper implies that they are liable if you have a lock and what recourse can this employee take also what can i as an employee do to protect myself can i recommend cameras in the break room to the company in order to deter theft or are there laws against that you can protect yourself by not bringing valuables to work. first if something is stolen make a police report. dont assume your work can replace that. #x200b; following that ask your company to reimburse for the second theft based on their sign wording. #x200b; what can employees do stop putting stuff in lockers. #x200b; can you recommend cameras sure you can recommend them and they are likely legal but the company has no obligation to install them. the person most directly responsible for the theft is the thief. the company might share some liability if guarantees of security were made or liability was explicitly taken in certain situations. i'm not sure that has happened so the actual thief should be considered first and foremost. theft is a crime meaning law enforcement would be the appropriate authorities to report to. cameras in the break room are probably not illegal. some situations may make their use at certain times illegal such as if the break room door has a lock and perhaps an employee with a child is using the room to breastfeed .