soo yeah i bought a car last night for and this morning i noticed the transmission slipping going into and gear. automatic trans. it do this during the test drive and they promised me the car was in perfect condition. neither the kid i bought it from nor his father want to answer my messages although opening them. i just gave them all the money i had in the world for this car and now i'm left with a car that drive. is there anything i can do to get my money back? i want the car anymore obviously. it was a private sale not through a dealer i'm just not sure if the lemon law actually applies here. this happened in massachusetts. interesting. i will need to dredge up the actual regs themselves since it stands to reason that pushing an otherwise working car that has no transmission in it into an inspection bay would require it to be failed. however my original point was more to the fact that the highly upvoted responses saying "lemon law only applies to dealer sales" are incorrect in ma. massachusetts does not inspect transmissions during a vehicle safety inspection. the vehicle is road legal. a slipping transmission will pass inspection. it even be checked in an inspection. because it was a private seller they may not want to do much but since it much cheaper than a lawyer free you should still try calling the ag consumer complaint hotline @ to see if perhaps they could do something for you here. gracias. it still showing up in my post history so it sounds like reddit just had one of it usual webfarts. either that or my computer has been possessed by cantankerous zapopaghost again . show up. some people are more stubborn than the girl i dealt with : i'm sorry this is going on. i know how stressful it is. and panicky too. at least i was. be best to show up and if not get to a lawyer. i mean if you dont have one you can always just ask for advice over the phone and see what they say and if this is something you can take care of by yourself or whatever they tell you. wow i even already tried the whole bluffing with the lawyer. i think im just gonna show up at their house and then have to talk to me. every time i message them or call they just open the messages and ignore them. i did. but i also work for a lawyer and i told them i afraid to get him involved and it would be more trouble for them than it would be for me. i totally bluffed. i mean i would have but i totally did not want to. so the girl relented and gave me my money back. and i cited the same type of section of law stating that it shouldnt have been sold to me in that condition that i was not made aware of condition xyz etc. etc. because it was true they make me aware of those problems. if they did i have bought it obviously and they knew that. so i mean i honestly expect my challenging her to work but it did. and i was ready to go down the lawyer route but i'm so glad i have to. the op right? have you heard anything since the last time you tried to contact them? but i'm almost positive it illegal to sell someone a car knowing the trans is about to fail and not saying a thing a about it to the person buying it. no it not. i mean perfect in every way i know what to expect with a car. by perfect they meant it runs and drives perfectly fine no problems at all in that matter. boughten many cars privately but i'm almost positive it illegal to sell someone a car knowing the trans is about to fail and not saying a thing a about it to the person buying it. you got your money back when they want to cooperate? thank you. i'm going to my attorney this morning to sort this out. just a heads up we show no removed comments for you in this thread. so it either got deleted from your end there was a reddit glitch or your comment was so offensive that the reddit admin gods nuked it from orbit somehow. not sure who deleted it yesterday when i first wrote it but see my repost below. thank you for this. idk why i got downvoted because this just happened to me in march so i just talking out my ass. but i know all states have different versions so that why i made that disclaimer. thanks again for the backup. i just hope op can get his money back but people are such dirtbags i hold out much hope. someone mods? deleted my original reply yesterday. it been reposted below. contrary to popular belief ma has a statute that does apply to private sales. i thought it was contained in the official "lemon law" but it actually a discrete section. absolutely correct. i posted this yesterday in response to my other post but it seems it was deleted by someone other than myself: ok maybe not the best citation granted. here the actual ma statute that applies to dealers and private sales the "lemonaid" law : section : voiding contracts of sale section . notwithstanding any disclaimer of warranty a motor vehicle contract of sale may be voided by the buyer if the motor vehicle fails to pass within seven days from the date of such sale the periodic staggered inspection at an inspection station licensed pursuant to section seven w; provided that the defects which are the reasons for the failure to issue a certificate of inspection were not caused by the abusive or negligent operation of the motor vehicle or by damage resulting from an accident or collision occurring after the date of the sale; and provided further that the cost of repairs necessary to permit the issuance of a certificate of inspection exceeds ten per cent of the purchase price of the motor vehicle. in order to void a motor vehicle sale under this section the buyer shall within fourteen days from the date of sale notify the seller of his intention to do so deliver the motor vehicle to the seller provide the seller with a written statement signed by an authorized agent of such inspection station stating the reasons why the motor vehicle failed to pass the safety or combined safety and emissions inspection and an estimate of the cost of necessary repairs. the buyer shall be entitled to a refund of his purchase price unless the buyer and seller agree in writing that the seller may make the necessary repairs at his own cost and expense within a reasonable period of time thereafter. this section shall apply only to motor vehicles purchased for the immediate personal or family use of the buyer. yes it does. anything that pass inspection means not road legal. and if it not functioning it not road legal. that irrelevant because a car need to have a perfectly functioning transmission to be road legal. edit: the state of massachusetts agrees with me. sorry not much to be done as used car sales are generally as is. in the future always get a pre purchase inspection from a mechanic you chose. what state are you in? because depending on your state private sellers are not allowed to sell cars that legally drivable on the road. also depending on your state there is a day lemon law that i'm not sure if it just applies to dealerships or can extend into private sellers. also did you sign the bill ofsale and did the bill of sale say "sold as is" ?? ok maybe not the best citation granted. here the actual ma statute that applies to dealers and private sales the "lemonaid" law : section : voiding contracts of sale section . notwithstanding any disclaimer of warranty a motor vehicle contract of sale may be voided by the buyer if the motor vehicle fails to pass within seven days from the date of such sale the periodic staggered inspection at an inspection station licensed pursuant to section seven w; provided that the defects which are the reasons for the failure to issue a certificate of inspection were not caused by the abusive or negligent operation of the motor vehicle or by damage resulting from an accident or collision occurring after the date of the sale; and provided further that the cost of repairs necessary to permit the issuance of a certificate of inspection exceeds ten per cent of the purchase price of the motor vehicle. in order to void a motor vehicle sale under this section the buyer shall within fourteen days from the date of sale notify the seller of his intention to do so deliver the motor vehicle to the seller provide the seller with a written statement signed by an authorized agent of such inspection station stating the reasons why the motor vehicle failed to pass the safety or combined safety and emissions inspection and an estimate of the cost of necessary repairs. the buyer shall be entitled to a refund of his purchase price unless the buyer and seller agree in writing that the seller may make the necessary repairs at his own cost and expense within a reasonable period of time thereafter. this section shall apply only to motor vehicles purchased for the immediate personal or family use of the buyer. transmissions always seem like they are in "perfect condition" until they . neither the kid i bought it from nor his father it was a private sale not through a dealer the ma used car lemon law only covers used cars purchased from dealers not used cars purchased in private sales. ahem. are sold by a massachusetts dealer no. it your car now. and they promised me the car was in perfect condition. i got a bridge to sell you then. no car is perfect. ahem. edit: unless you can prove they knew it was bad or if they signed something that says it was in perfect condition lemon law apply. if lights turned on as you were driving it possible they were tampered with 