hello reddit i in advance apologize for my english i know it not very good but i really need advice and know where elsewhere i can get it. i am female from europe. i have a month old kid with my boyfriend. we are together for years and it was all perfect. one month after our baby was born he started gambling and drink heavily. i tried to talk to him and he stopped for a week or and than it just the same all over again. he lost all of our savings and even came to money of our child and lost it too. i know what to do anymore i care about him but i care of wellbeing of my child more. i came to the point where i want to leave him. i say anything to him because i want him to be prepared for court. he know if we ever separate i would never want him to be with our child alone. he has son from relationship before when he even yet. his son is with us on weekends and i saw couple of times that he wants to hit him when the kid do something that he like but because i allow it. but i know he used to hit him before because kid told me. i want to know if we go to court how can i accomplished that he see our baby? i need alimony i need nothing for him just need me and little one far from him. thank you anyway for at least trying to be helpful! thank you for your advice and wishes it means a lot to me right now. i will definitely find a lawyer and see what can be done. it extremely unlikely that someone in this sub will have experience with czech law. it would probably be best for you to speak with a lawyer in your country who specializes in family law and ask them about getting full custody for your child and decide what to do after that. usually consultations expensive a few hundred dollars at most. i wish you the best of luck. even in the united states custody is different in each state. the basic procedure of going to the court and filing a petition is the same sure but each court has its own rules and its own preferences. i would have no idea how to begin to file something in the czech republic. unfortunately i am. i read that in european union laws about custody are pretty much the same. so i was hoping someone here could give me some advice. okay but are you in czech republic? because if you are then we help you. i'm from czech republic. what country are you in? what state? 