my old job used adp and i'm familiar with how it works. i thought it was strange that for weeks been getting notifications about pay statements on my phone i have adp mobile and my current employer use adp. i was thinking maybe they did but they send out adp checks. i get one today the third one. i'm curious about how much my paycheck is gonna be for this week but strangely it not from my current employer it from the previous employer. i'm looking through the statements and i see two others from a month ago one on the same date as my last paycheck but for significantly more hours. i download the statements and read them and they do indeed have my name address etc. also sending funds to an account that mine. i have an account ending in those last 5 digits. at the time i think this was strange but after i left there they changed my adp login info for some reason. reason i still have access to it is because i had another previous employer that used adp and the login still works. i was gonna change the password and snoop around but i decided to ask for advice first. sorry if i suck at explaining things. this be the case. within the statements it clearly states that i worked x amount of hours on x x date range when i know that i and have physical proof that i . i got my final paycheck already but these statements are saying that " " been paid via direct deposit to a bank account that not mine . this sounds like they are paying you the final cheque payouts they owe you. it is likely your final pay stubs vacation pay and some dues owed. i would contact them if you receive more than 5 payments the problem is that someone is racking up hours and money under my ssn. do i have grounds to sue could this be identity theft could be some type of fraud embezzlement scheme. you could report it to adp or the irs. this could cause problems with your taxes as that money could be getting reported as income to you even though you actually earning it. i receive any money. it being sent to someone else bank account 