 try to keep this short but it not going to be easy. i just need to be pointed in the right direction. my mother aunt and grandmother all live together in the same house. between grandma house and her savings there a decent amount of money in the estate. grandma: in her 90s. the most competent of the three. still out driving dating doing the grocery shopping etc but her memory seems to be slipping and she is getting confused more frequently. mom: in her 60s. dealing with multiple sclerosis. also a bit loopy from years of past drug alcohol abuse. she moved in with them a few years ago after a divorce from her 3rd husband. aunt: in her 60s. has been living at home being financially supported by grandma essentially her entire life. i have long believed she has a form of schizophrenia that was never officially diagnosed. long seen the signs of deep paranoia anxiety and delusion. i heard that years ago my grandma took her to someone a psychiatrist who suggested she had schizophrenia but my grandma refused to believe it and stopped taking her there. that it. there nobody else in the family. my mom had one son me . my aunt never married or had kids. i live a few states away from them. the two sisters mom and aunt are financially dependent on grandma and live in her house. the sisters fight with each other constantly. just epic daily screaming matches about anything and everything. for a while i was the middle man as the two sisters would independently send secret recordings they took proving how the other one was horrible. truthfully they are both a little at fault. they make each other lives a living hell. occasionally it becomes physical and my mom will send me pictures of bruises she got from her sister but mostly it just them arguing like a couple perpetual teenagers. shit hit the fan last year when grandma fell for a classic "grandparent scam". some scam artist called her convincing her he was his grandson me i guess . in total she ended up sending $45 000 dollars cash stuffed in magazines to three separate po box addresses across the country to pay her "grandson " legal expenses. by the time i found out about this shit it was too late. i ended up filing reports with the local police department and fbi on her behalf but the money was long gone. naturally this shook me. both daughters are incompetent and now now grandma was starting to lose it. i love both my aunt and mother and want to make sure they are taken care when grandma inevitably passes but it apparent to me that neither of them is capable of managing finances and them being left together to make decisions about the estate is a disaster waiting to happen. i know anything about the estate whether there was even one set up whether grandma had a medical directive whether there was any kind of executor or her will etc so i started asking questions the key thing which my mother agrees with is that there needs to be some kind of mediator fiduciary executor between the two sisters who will be legally obligated to make mutually beneficial decisions on behalf of both of them in the event grandma passed away. while i was willing to do this if necessary i had pointed out that it would probably be best if it was some other party who be perceived as having a bias towards one sister my mom over the other my aunt perhaps a cousin family friend or a completely unbiased lawyer. it at this point that my aunt completely turned on me. she became convinced i was out to get her. her paranoia took over and she convinced herself that i was "evil" and trying to control her and take all the money something along those lines. she has refused to speak to me since and for the past year she been trying to brainwash my grandmother that my mom and i are "evil" while subsequently doing numerous things that further my belief she got some form of mental illness. here a partial list of the things my aunt has done over the past year. she repeatedly broken into my mom private facebook email accounts to stalk her private messages. had to help my mom change her passwords numerous times but my aunt keeps getting in take screenshots and share my mom private messages. she pretends to be other people to sends us harassing threatening messages using some random "care2card" digital greeting card service since found conclusive proof this is her. she started sending me harassing messages on linkedin from some random woman profile i later discovered this woman was my aunt friend who died 5 years ago. i found conclusive proof it was my aunt using the acccount to harass me. she denied it at first but now claims her friend had given her permission to use her accounts right she been leaving harassing voice mails to my mom using a very obvious app that shifts her pitch to sound like a man she spent months claiming it was her "boyfriend" named mark who had been hacking my mom accounts i knew this to be bullshit. she likely just accesses it knowing my mom security questions . she sent photos of "mark" as proof he was a real person. i was able to use the gps data in the photo to trace the location and reach out to the real guy. he named mark. he the brother of my aunt lifelong friend. i chatted with the lifelong friend she confirmed her family had no involvement in this nonsense and flat out told me she believes my aunt is schizophrenic and that she recently had to block her phone number because she needed a break from her. mostly recently she trying to convince my grandma that it was actually me afterall who stole the $45 000 and as of this morning apparently she been showing some random dick picture to my mom and grandma claiming it a photo of my dick that i sent to her friend so to step backwards a little about 5 months ago i visited them the trip where i found proof of what my aunt had been doing . after a long conversation with my grandma and showing her the hard evidence i got her to accept this behavior normal and she opened up to me that there was indeed an estate that my grandfather had set up way back in the 1980s when he was still alive. i got to look at the entire document. pretty simply it set up so that half of everything goes to my mother and aunt with both of them acted as "co executors". i explained to her why this was problematic that the two daughters would potentially kill each other. what would happen if one wanted to sell the house and the other my aunt is already calling "dibs" on the master bedroom it nuts. she reluctantly acknowledged this was a problem so she took me to meet with her estate attorney where i brought up many of my concerns. turns out he shared my concerns in fact he had recommended years ago that a 3rd party executor be set up unfortunately and this is something i realized well before the meeting and was open with the attorney about making any changes to the estate at this point is a tricky proposition because my grandma competence can come into question. just the fact that she fell for that grandparent scam makes it so that my aunt could later sue and say i manipulated her to change it. grandma was ready to change it right then and there to have me be the executor but i felt awkward about it so collectively we decided it was best that my grandma come back on a later date while bringing both daughters so the attorney could explain to them why a 3rd party is necessary. grandma never followed up on this. my aunt continued to try to brainwash her. one of the chief problems is my aunt found a private conversation between my mom and i where i openly speculated that my aunt had schizophrenia and needed to see a doctor. my aunt shared this private message with my grandma she flipped out. she was absolutely livid that i would say such an awful thing about her daughter. grandma is in deep denial about my aunt mental health and the mere suggestion of schizophrenia has put us in a position where my grandma is "so angry" she even want to talk to me anymore meanwhile my aunt behavior is progressively getting scarier. just not sure what steps i can or should take. i spoken to the estate attorney since that first meeting months ago but at this point i feel like it too late to make any meaningful changes to the estate anyways given i no longer trust that my grandma is competent enough to make those changes. even beyond the idea of having a mediator between the two daughters the other thing that is screwed up about the situation is that my grandma has one of her long time friends appointed to make medical decisions on her behalf and that friend is in her 90s and showing signs of dementia. it a mess. i just need some advice. i talked to a cousin of my mom aunt who flat out suggested i have all 3 of them declared mentally incompetent but that terrifying to me. i love all of them. grandma is still lucid enough going on cruises with her boyfriend seeing all the latest action flicks selling crap on ebay etc that i'm reluctant to do anything to disrupt her life but i do very much dread what kind of hell awaits when she gone and i'm stuck in a war between my mom and aunt. tl;dr: mom aunt and grandma are all borderline incompetent. potentially mentally ill aunt behavior is getting progressively more malicious and disturbing. i'm stuck in the middle of a brewing estate war call aps and get their advice. beyond that i'm not really taking one side over the other. the bigger problem is that i believe my aunt may in fact be schizophrenic. i want harm to come to her. i love my aunt. her behavior is horrible but i believe it something she has control over. the problem is that my aunt will not talk to me and she been brainwashing my grandmother that i'm a problem. she needs to see a doctor who can help her and that not going to happen because my grandmother has been in denial about my aunt mental health for 60 years. so im stuck in a situation where i really know what steps i should be taking to make sure both my aunt and mother are taken care of. my aunt needs help but it such a tiny little echo chamber just the three woman that she never going to get the help she needs. you give a question in your tldr but you hire a probate attorney for estate disputes