 so a few days ago my wife of years decided it was a good time to tell me she had her period for months. we took over the counter test and each one came out positive. today we go and get ultra sound to see how far along she is. shes weeks so good news for me medical abortion is still possible. take a pill and it goes away. the only thing is that she want to get rid of it. even before we got married she knew i want kids. i feel like because she failed to tell me she missed her period that it was sorta entrapment or something ? because had i known we could have had it taken care of before she hit the week mark or possibly longer. is there anything i can do to prevent this from happening. i want a kid and since shes is willing to have it knowing that i'm willing to divorce her. also i know you might ask why not use protection. well shes been on birth control our whole marriage and decided to get off it around the time she got pregnant knowing i have a weak pullout game. ; tldr: wife waited months to tell husband shes pregnant now wants to keep it against his will. though it seems you have received advice already regarding the overall situation i just want to add that once you actually hold your beautiful baby for the first time you will almost certainly feel completely different towards your child than you do right now. though it may not be the way you planned your life to go here now. whether you chose to stay with your wife or not when you see that baby your entire world will change. and i hope for your child sake it for the better. good luck to you dad! if you want a baby you taken precautions not relied on her. vasectomies are not uncommon. there nothing you can do. your location will matter because there are probably utterly barbaric parts of the world where a woman can be forced by her husband to have an abortion. you can get a divorce but that end your responsibility to your child and generally courts bastardize a child so you will have to wait until after the baby is born. if you never wanted to have kids you should have snipped it. congrats dad. is there anything i can do to prevent this from happening. it a bit late for that. she got pregnant knowing i have a weak pullout game. sorry bud this is a "you" problem. if you want kids you needed to be damn sure you took all the precautions you could to prevent it. you and now you made a baby. you get to force her to have an abortion nor should you be. if when she has your baby be required to take care of it. either by personally stepping up or the courts forcing you to. if you want any other children aside from this one i would make sure all my own bases are covered if i were you. "she was supposed to be taking care of it" sure as hell going to fly. you force your wife to have an abortion. if you divorce her you will have to pay child support. even if she had been on birth control there still a chance she could have gotten pregnant which would have put you in the same situation that in now. is there anything i can do to prevent this from happening. absolutely nothing. you have no right to force anyone to get an abortion under any circumstance. you may file for divorce pay child support and refuse to have anything to do with the child. but you have no rights to keep the child from being born. you can get divorced and pay child support. it her choice welcome to being a father. highly recommend considering being selfless and providing the child with the parent it needs. 