my wife and i relationship is tenuous. life feels like one long argument where i look forward to going to work more than i do being home just to get away from it. discussed divorce several times but i think both of us are too chicken to pull the trigger. if it matters been married for just over 4 years dated for 4 years before that. lived together for 5 years but combine bank accounts until we were married. #x200b; i make a good living six figures in an area that has a very low cost of living but my wife quit her job last year to go to school to change career paths for the second time and currently have an income. we just bought a new home about a year ago and are both on the deed. we have two cars one in my name one in hers. what will make this significantly easier though is we have no kids just two dogs and a cat. we have a little over \~$90k in savings and i have a fairly sizable amount of stock options from my employer currently valued at about $140k though still partially in a vesting period. been debating calling my lawyer not that had much reason to use him until now he more of a family lawyer since my parents own their own business since it seems he has experience with this sort of thing but my head has been swirling through all of this and i'm not sure what doing so even implies. made a mental list of what matters most to me which basically boils down to in order: #x200b; 1. my dogs 2. the house 3. the car that in my name 4. my future income 5. my stock options 6. our savings obviously like to preserve my future income as much as poss one of the many but this is possibly the biggest one reasons our relationship is so stressed is because of a fundamental mismatch on where we want to live. i want to stay where at and start putting down roots. she wants to move across the country to simply live there no friends no family no job waiting for her she just wants to live there . i assume this actually works in my favor on keeping the house especially since been able to afford the mortgage+insurance on the house plus 2 car loans on my income alone. i own our previous home since before we were married and i know at the time i was approved for a loan greater than the value of our new home as well so i would think the lender have a problem. also been the one to do 100% of the home maintenance if that matters at all. #x200b; my other assumption is that if i'm right that i would be the candidate to keep the house that also puts me in a good position to keep the dogs as be able to provide care as well as a fenced in yard for them. i know in the eyes of the law pets are considered as property but also read cases where "ability to provide care" is taken into consideration. we generally both take them to vet appointments but the dog licenses are registered in my name if that helps. #x200b; the car i assume is a no brainier and that we keep our respective vehicles. i have no desire to fight to keep both nor do i really need both only to keep the one registered to me. #x200b; the final three i assume are fairly boilerplate. love to say split the savings down the middle though even when employed i make over double what she does and call it a day. i have zero idea what the rules are with alimony is though. she only recently left her job to go back to school which i assume means have to pay alimony i also have zero idea what happens to my shares award from my employer never been good with that part. #x200b; sorry if this is long winded. i have little experience with divorce only as a bystander watching two family members separate after 20 some years. maybe this where my focus should be but always been one to plan for contingencies. talking to a divorce attorney will be the best way to get answers to your questions. unfortunately there a lot of things that could sway matters one way or another. but the attorney will be able to guide you in a more concrete direction.