i am playing a game that has just entered early access. and i have never signed a legal document for it. i paid for the game. but when the game starts there is a message that says that by clicking accept to enter the game you agree not to stream the game and not to talk about the game publicly. is this legally binding what happens if i talk about it they did not say at the time they sold this game to me that this was going to be included in the terms. so what can be done this game is awful and the subreddit discusses this nda a bit but is this something legally binding lol says the guy crying about every little thing \#entitled takes even less time to block dickheads "an agreement between private parties creating mutual obligations enforceable by law. the basic elements required for the agreement to be a legally enforceable contract are: mutual assent expressed by a valid offer and acceptance; adequate consideration; capacity; and legality." all of these criteria were met. the nda is legally binding. takes 2 seconds to research something. just a reddit troll wanting someone to validate you being so whiney. been dealing with your reddit posts all weekend and every time i respond you just start a new thread as if i'm not going to find it or another member of the community inform me of it. thank you for this this is well explained. might have to look into it. just because they claim that the “refund period ended” does not make it true. they may have to refund you anyways. since you had to click "accept" to proceed it probably enforceable. you could have returned it and demanded a refund if you did not agree to the terms. a good example is procd v. zeidenberg _inc._v._zeidenberg . it likely is not controlling precedent in your jurisdiction but it is the textbook case for click wrap agreements that i studied back in law school. there are other cases in other jurisdictions . so you go to this sub looking for legal advice. everyone unanimously says do it bc win. but you choose to ignore that and still say that they win. fuck it. do whatever you want. the company producing the game received 10mil of funding last year. this some garage based indie outfit. they specifically ended this refund period in my opinion so they could avoid paying when people wanted to back out over this bs. i'm not i believe they would win. copyright of computer software is a special case hinging on the requirement of a licence to "copy" it into memory while also retaining a copy on the hard drive. it pretty silly but it not going to change anytime soon because a multi billion dollar industry benefits from it. even without that your early access is just that special early access subject to terms and conditions. and it completely normal for the opportunity to say see a movie before its release or sample a food product while it still in development to be tied to an agreement not to disclose the contents. the structure of your purchase is such that your remedy to not agreeing not to disclose ea content is to opt out of the ea period and simply play the game when it publicly releases. that awfully nice of op to set a precedent like that "i declare bankruptcy!" i must have missed that. you miss anything. he tried because he thinks it too late. but i think he wants a refund anyway. but why it pretty stupid to get yourself in tens of thousands of dollars in debt bc you wait to talk ab a video game i must have missed that. i just saw where you said the refund period had run out. sometimes a company will still grant a refund even if it not something they advertise. you did have the chance to not agree it was right before you clicked to agree to the nda. this a sub for hypothetical legal questions and been told that it probably legal. go throw some money at a lawyer to tell you the same thing. already explained that that gonna be a no from me on that have you even contacted the company to ask for your money back just talk ab it. and again i will say that if this is legal to do and it legal to change it wildly and irresponsibly like this then why every product do this why a can of coke come with an nda why a movie do it. i mean then none of us could say anything bad about anything right why do we have freedom of speech if someone can do this i given a chance to either back out of this agreement or to not agree. how tf are you saying that legal right most terms and conditions online contain the phrase the terms and conditions stated within are subject to change without notice. no offense but i have no desire to read through pages of unwanted agreement information. if you can just quote the part that says you cannot talk about microsoft amazon or tesla motors. take your word that it legitimate. but as i glanced through the first link i did not see anything that was similar to this. also were these rules not in place at the time that these items could be purchased because i'm looking for an example that not only meets the criteria of specifically forbidding me to speak about my experience while also not being added to the agreement until after purchase. if you have an example that meets that. i'm all ears. but this does not. edit: also just so you understand i'm not trying to be a jerk to you. but all of these are very specific they lay out very specific details about what you can and cannot do. they do not say "you agree to not discuss your experiences with this game" which is beyond vague. unless you are seriously saying it ok to forbid me from speaking about this game whatsoever. here is one from microsoft one from amazon and one from tesla motors oh it bc i honestly care deep down. i'm going to violate this i already have. i just want to know what the extent of what they can do could be. if they wanna sue me they can have at it. i'm sure the playerbase will love to hear it. they love devs that take legal action against their own players. i think that if it legal to do this then it just wrong. you should have to dictate these types of terms prior to taking money. you be able to take my money not allow me any avenue to refund and then change the terms to something that is beyond ridiculous. it flat out unacceptable and if they want to take that to court they can. whether i can afford it or not i have broken the agreement. i am willing to see this all the way through if they are. you are completely missing the premise i'm sorry i reach you. these were conditions that did not exist at the time money was exchanged and they did not exist during the period where refunds were allowed. this started yesterday. and the only way i could have opted out of it was to know it a month ago. no that is not the same thing. show me an example of a website that i pay to use that i'm not allowed to talk about my feelings about that website wait for your answer. the refund period ended over a month ago and access to the game did not begin until yesterday. so do you have any other conclusions like to jump to very few game companies do this. and never seen one that sold the access to the game and then added this stipulation after the refund period was over. they should have been required to stipulate this prior. i honestly care though. roll the dice on this nda being legitimate. it not as far as i'm concerned. if all game companies did this with a live product they would get no customers. that why demo alpha beta access games have this rule. what you should have done was run the game immediately after you bought it and when you see the nda refuse to accept it then return the game. you decided to sit on your ass and only after the refund period has expired did you decide to open the game. why every other business do the same thing they do any time you sign up for a website or service or download a program they all make you check the box that you agree to the terms and conditions. you did agree to the nda though to play the game you have to agree to the terms and conditions. you have to sign something to be enforceable in the digital age. you clicking on "accept" is legally binding i'm not entertaining possibilities that really possibilities. right but that what makes your unenforceable comment both hypocritical and dumb. either you can fight the court case or you . the one adding the possibilities with your theoretical unenforceable idea. but how can they staple these rules on after they take my money there some sort of reasonable expectation that this would be done before taking money from me i would not agree to this period. they offered a refund period but it ended a month ago. they did this bc the game was delayed 3 times . and to be quite honest i find the terms of the agreement unreasonable. i mean they forbid me from talking about the game. if they can do that why every other business do the same thing why they put it on a box of cereal "by opening this box you agree to the following". i mean why every single thing sold come with one of these it seems like an excellent loophole to remove free speech. interesting but irrelevant now because you agreed to the nda. it not a matter of if i have the resources available to defend a lawsuit. i'm not entertaining possibilities that really possibilities. i was answering the question by taking it with a grain of sand. i make a reasonable living. i'm a nurse. if you think that means i can or fight a lawsuit i guess entitled. it not that i think that could be an agreement. but just because someone puts a sign on something make it a law. these people are saying that i excercise free speech because i have to click a button or simply not use a product i paid money for when there was no agreement of an nda. i would not have purchased it if this had been known. and they only offered a refund period for a short time which ended a month ago again without disclosure of this nda . when you purchase a product with a warranty if you abide the warranty is void. they repossess the item. when you leave facebook you are free to discuss facebook with anyone you want. this is a game that was sold to me with no agreement of any sort of nda. they had a refund period a month ago refunds are no longer offered. i read his response as "if the clause enforceable i do have the resources to fight the fight" yeah but he . if he had the resources to defend a lawsuit he be griping about a cheap video game. i read his response as "if the clause enforceable i do have the resources to fight the fight" not "im invincible bitches!!" right i had somehow missed that already started playing it. but those things are false. op did agree to the post purchase t c and he can legally play the game. there an option beyond that. sure there was. you could have clicked refuse reject decline whatever instead of accept ok whatever . it accept to play or play something i paid for. you could have refused the nda and gotten a refund. because they own that product or service. facebook does do this. by using their site you agree to abide by their terms of service. reddit is the same. anytime you purchase a product with a warranty you agree to abide by the terms of that warranty. edit: i would add that a court of law would look at the reasonableness of the terms and whether or not the terms are in conflict of the law. if a game developer wanted to add a disclaimer that you agree not to use the game for personal gain they could do that. dealing with what is called intellectual property or ip. they have the right to protect that ip and forbid you from talking about the product until its released. those terms may also change upon proper notice. i have not signed anything. you consented by clicking through the agreement window. that have been the first time you used a clickthrough agreement. why on earth do you think your hand signature is a requirement i’m curious as to why it would be op agreed to the nda in the clickthrough window. clickthrough agreements are not unenforceable just because they on paper though they are subject to traditional contract defenses just like any other contract is . in fact those things are the now industry standard for software. i'm curious as to why you think this nda be enforceable. ok so what stops people from putting this on everything. why coke put this on a can of coke why facebook say that why everything you purchase come with this kind of message then why is this game dev allowed to do this and what specifically makes this legally binding when they took my money there was no agreement about these terms. these terms were never mentioned prior to starting this game. and it sounds like you are saying that every game made has the right to say "you cannot stream you cannot discuss this game". and that ok how i just am stunned that it so blanket easy to do something like this oh sweet summer child. you just say "unenforceable" in court like some magic spell and make a lawsuit vanish in a puff of smoke. there are actual procedures that you have to follow and they can be minefields for the unwary. there an option beyond that. it accept to play or play something i paid for. i see how a game developer can sell me a game with no hint of any of this. and then ship me a game that says it illegal for me to talk about it if i choose to play it. how can that be legal i can understand if i'm entering into some sort of employment even being a non paid tester signing a contract with them. but if they can do that. why every product just put an nda on the label so you say anything bad about anything nal but from what i understand it is binding. most likely there much they will do except ban you from early access or completely if an online game. they generally sue. now if you are a popular streamer or your information video pics goes mainstream they may. basically if some due shows a game and had 12 views they care. you have 12 million they will. cut off your access sue you for monetary damages. because they set the terms of use for the software if op violates them op could have aces cut off or be sued for whatever monetary loss is caused. it does no matter whether or not you signed anything. as the disclaimer states by playing the game you agree to the nda. if they find out who you are they can potentially sue you for breach of contract and attempt to collect damages. it is a complete myth that a signature is necessary to enforce a contract. if it enforceable i can. is this legally binding most likely in the us . what happens if i talk about it impossible to predict. we know what the nda says for one thing. for another it might depend on what you say and what the effect on the other party is. they did not say at the time they sold this game to me that this was going to be included in the terms. so what can be done now that you already agreed to it most likely nothing. you had the opportunity to refuse the nda; you chose to accept it. that most likely all there is to it. ok and if i choose to violate that nda i have not signed anything. if i come on reddit and talk about the game. what can they do not a lawyer and i know the direct answer but in many cases like these even if it the question you really may have to ask is whether or not you can deal with the lawsuit they throw at you for breaking it even if it enforceable. yes it is. 