this about a wonderful friend of mine made a shitty decision. my friend call he jane had an extra marital affair with another man for a short time. this man didnt use protection and jane ended up being pregnant. all this is happening while she is un happily married. she went on with the pregnancy and delivered her wonderful boy abt 3 years back. there is no guarantee that the boy is born because of the other man. however because of the way the boy looks completely out side their ethnicity and the timing of the pregnancy she is certain that the boy is the result of the unprotected encounter. the birth hospital records every thing have the husband listed as father for the record the other man is also married and has his family. he kept in touch playing with jane emotions and asking her to let him see the kid once in a while. now she is afraid that the kid is growing and eventually would grow up confused. she wants to raise this kid just like the rest of the family where she and her husband are mom and dad. however the other man is now scaring her that he would go to court if jane decides to stop him from seeing the kid occasionally. i dont know this man well enough to figure out if he genuinely interested in the kid or he is using this as ploy to keep in touch with her. whatever the reason may be my questions are does the other man stand a chance when all the documentation says that husband is the father what happens if a court orders paternity test and it comes out in his favor does my friend have any legal standing to fight it out to keep him away from the kid appreciate any guidance thanks folks thank you so much for siting the law directly here. i definitely have more clarity now first of all under ca law the husband is the presumed father. chapter 2. establishing parent and child relationship 7610 7614 chapter 2 enacted by stats. 1992 ch. 162 sec. 10. 7611. a person is presumed to be the natural parent of a child if the person meets the conditions provided in chapter 1 commencing with section 7540 or chapter 3 commencing with section 7570 of part 2 or in any of the following subdivisions: a the presumed parent and the child natural mother are or have been married to each other and the child is born during the marriage or within 300 days after the marriage is terminated by death annulment declaration of invalidity or divorce or after a judgment of separation is entered by a court. second of all bio father had two years to rebut the presumption. he . part 2. presumption concerning child of marriage and blood tests to determine paternity 7540 7577 part 2 heading added by stats. 1993 ch. 219 sec. 171. chapter 1. child of wife cohabiting with husband 7540 7541 chapter 1 heading added by stats. 1993 ch. 219 sec. 172. 7541. a notwithstanding section 7540 if the court finds that the conclusions of all the experts as disclosed by the evidence based on blood tests performed pursuant to chapter 2 commencing with section 7550 are that the husband is not the father of the child the question of paternity of the husband shall be resolved accordingly. b the notice of motion for blood tests under this section may be filed not later than two years from the child date of birth by the husband or for the purposes of establishing paternity by the presumed father or the child through or by the child guardian ad litem. as used in this subdivision “presumed father” has the meaning given in sections 7611 and 7612. c the notice of motion for blood tests under this section may be filed by the mother of the child not later than two years from the child date of birth if the child biological father has filed an affidavit with the court acknowledging paternity of the child. d the notice of motion for blood tests pursuant to this section shall be supported by a declaration under oath submitted by the moving party stating the factual basis for placing the issue of paternity before the court. e subdivision a does not apply and blood tests may not be used to challenge paternity in any of the following cases: 1 a case that reached final judgment of paternity on or before september 30 1980. 2 a case coming within section 7613. 3 a case in which the wife with the consent of the husband conceived by means of a surgical procedure. thats a bummer. definitely makes sense. its a tough pill to swallow for my friend thanks for clarifying this the husband had 2 years from the time he was on the birth certificate to dispute the paternity. however if the other guy is actually the father he has until the child is 21 to challenge paternity in court and claim being the father. this is in the state of california. is there a maximum amount of time he can ask for paternity test like as u weirdlyconjured mentioned thank you thank you so much for the reply. its so heartening to hear this. it reinforces my thoughts as well. thank you actually he doesnt stand much of a chance. the state actually care who the father of a child is only that there is two parents. if her husband is on the birth certificate then that that. she needs to cut all contact with this guy. he there at the birth and did not sign the paternity affidavit giving him two years to contest paternity. he would have to initiate court filings which the state would most likely dismiss since the child has a father her husband . keep in mind if this guy wants to play daddy have to explain to his own wife why he has to pay child support. he have a leg to stand on she needs to stop engaging with him at all. if he had a real chance and was actually invested court proceedings would have already began. does the other man stand a chance when all the documentation says that husband is the father yes. the father of the child or someone who can persuade the court that he reasonably may be the father may sue to establish paternity and parenting time. what happens if a court orders paternity test and it comes out in his favor then that parent may be able to seek joint custody and or reasonable parenting time with his child. does my friend have any legal standing to fight it out to keep him away from the kid until paternity is established an a court order is entered granting him parenting time your friend has no obligation to allow him to see the child. does the other man stand a chance when all the documentation says that husband is the father this will depend on your location. some states default to the husband being the father of a child born to wedded couple. however the kink would be what happens if a court orders paternity test and it comes out in his favor if he established as the father then he could file for full partial custody of his child. depending on the custody agreement child support may be issued. does my friend have any legal standing to fight it out to keep him away from the kid if he the father this is all something that would have to be settled in family court. however it would have to be shown that harm would be done to the child by having to be around the father to block any visitation. the fact that the guy is kind of a douche and the mom regrets having an affair really justification to block visitation. in the us: does the other man stand a chance when all the documentation says that husband is the father of course. what happens if a court orders paternity test and it comes out in his favor the father and mother work it out between themselves or in court if the mother cooperate. does my friend have any legal standing to fight it out to keep him away from the kid no.