to make this as short as possible. my family and i have known a lawyer who was really good at a time guess not anymore . anyways i lost my job and he said he will help me through the unemployment case and go to the hearing with me for free no contract was signed . so after he submitted the appeal 9 days later then he said he would now he wants cash asap before he proceeds. super confused as he knows i have none he do a contingent fee agreement either . he knows i have no cash and wanted to help me out his words when we met in person. #x200b; my family used him in about 5 years and on the last case we both made out it was a car accident i was hit . #x200b; was him the lawyer waiting to submit the appeal 2 days before the deadline and asking for money after he did submit part of his plan i just understand why he did this. now he answer his personal phone for 4 days i tried calling from multiple numbers. am i now screwed because he will get the hearing notice and he tell me when it is #x200b; i'm extremely worried that i know when the hearing is and i have the paperwork. going to the hearing by myself is the least of my worries the company fired a bunch of people after bankruptcy and i just found out they even show at my buddies hearing. #x200b; please help and thank you in advance for reading. contact the county bar association in the county in which the lawyer works: #x200b; pa attorney fee disputes are handled at the county level in the first instance. okay thank you so much and no its not your fault i just know legal stuff im the one who is ignorant on the subject. haha. i offer strategic advice about the hearing but you are best protected particularly when you are unaware of what your current lawyer knows about timing and substance of hearing by being represented. and i’m sorry i should have been clearer the state bar association for the state where your current non responsive lawyer practices. sorry if this an ignorant response on my end but what bar association do i contact since he is one county and i am in another the companies headquarters is in a different state completely i'm not sure if that matter but more info the better. #x200b; and do you think i should get a new lawyer if they bother showing up at the other employees hearing contact your bar association; file a complaint with them; get a new lawyer immediately.