in arkansas. before anyone says anything i have called cps multiple times. also just a quick addition that may act to show his character. b has multiple warrants in mississippi unsure if they are extraditable. he also was kicked out of grandmas house by grandpa about 15 years ago for selling drugs out of it. long story short male family member "b" has moved in with our grandmother. said grandmother has allowed b to move in and has also allowed b mother to live with her rent free for the past 10 year. i'm certain b has an ulterior motive and believe he is attempting to gain "tenant rights" to further take advantage of my grandmother as well as my father. b recently "sold his home at auction" i believe he was actually foreclosed upon and is "waiting for the money" to come through. in the mean time he said he needed somewhere to stay for 2 3 weeks. #x200b; backstory on b: he is the most manipulative malicious evil person i have ever met. he has used his own children as literal hostages to manipulate his mother as well as the children mother never married . there are so many instances where either one of them could have had police intervene but claim they were too scared to do so infuriating i know. . he can put the fake mask on and lie to your face all day. his emotional reactions except anger seem completely unnatural and mechanical or fake. you can literally watch the process in his eyes when speaking with him. he will read your emotion expression process that info and then determine how he should react mirror that expression. there is absolutely nothing natural about the emotions displayed during interactions. #x200b; b mother called l who is my aunt lives with our grandmother. she is simply a lazy individual who hordes sleeps and browses facebook all day. for some reason my grandmother feels the need to financially provide for her 58 year old daughter while living on a fixed income. everyone is tired of l taking advantage but grandmother would rather let her stay there because "it just easier" than the alternative and "causes \ her\ less stress". #x200b; financially my grandmother was not making it. the house was mortgaged before my grandfathers passed to help fund his chemo treatments. my father was in a position to help grandma out by refinance the house at a lower rate in his own name. the house and financial agreements are in his name only. #x200b; the auction: as mentioned above b claims to have sold his home at auction but i believe he is not being forthcoming with all the info. i suspect he was foreclosed upon as i know his financial situation was dire. he blew through \~$500k he inherited in less than 4 years time. i know for a fact that he and his son lived in their home with no heat during the winter of 2016. he eventually sent the child to live with his mother under the pretense of wanting his son to be comfortable. i called cps as soon as i found out but he was already with the mother. however there is always an ulterior motive with b so it is more likely his son was cramping his style. no one has actually seen any proof that the house has been sold but grandma would rather ignore his past offences for lying and believe he is telling the truth. #x200b; my father has made it clear he does not want b in the house but allowed grandma to make the call. i know that until recently b did not know the house was in my fathers name. the money he inherited previously was left to him by another family member who he spent years manipulating and sucking up to. that person left all their possessions money to him and nothing to other family members. i think that what he was trying to do again. #x200b; my question: what can i advise my father to do in terms of protecting himself can i find info on the auction anywhere online how long would he have to live there to establish residency the house is in only his name and beginning to fall into disrepair. if b were able to live there and destroy the place in a fit of rage when he get his way financially my father would be on the hook. told him that after a certain amount of time residing there b will have to be evicted formally through the legal process. his response was "well he be living there for more than 3 weeks and if he does then that just shows everyone he lying". personally i'm tired of it all and just want my grandma to be able to live her last few years in peace. #x200b; any advice is appreciated! thank you in advance! he is a legal resident already from the sounds of it. that change what i said though. your father can give b 30 days written notice terminating his tenancy. if b out by the end of those 30 days he can go to court to evict him. 