so background story thought we had a great marriage. 2 weeks ago someone messages me on fb that she been screwing my husband. seem credible no details and my husband had to recently fire a whole department due to downsizing. he claimed someone was mad. next day she messages me more details and now it seeming weird. so i text my husband. within 3 minutes i get a notification that my fb was used from another location with the zip code of my husband work. i go on and the lady who kept messaged me is suddenly blocked. husband comes home agitated and acting very strange. his phone is glued to his hand all night he had a bad day and want to talk about this nonsense. so i go on my cell carriers website and find that they have a text messaging app. i installed it on my phone and use his number. now all of his incoming and outgoing texts are being sent to the app on my phone. he has no idea. in 2 weeks time i have found out that he did screw this girl he does cocaine on business trips and he been gambling quite a bit that besides the countless lies he regularly tells me apparently. i’m in the process of finding a lawyer now but can i admit that i downloaded this app and have been reading his texts to show proof of what going on or can i get in trouble legally i can divorce him without it but i know he going to try to mess with the custody of our kids. proof of the cocaine would be nice. i’m not trying to take them completely from him i just know he not going to fight fair and i want all of the support i can get also not sure if it matters but the 2 cell phones are only in my name. i added him to my plan while we were dating and i had a reason to add his name. it paid on a card with his name on it though. this is in fl.@ your post has been removed for the following reason : bad or illegal advice your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. it is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion misunderstands the fundamental legal question or is advice to commit an illegal act. please review the following rules before commenting further: general rule 8 commenting rules 1 and 3 reddit violent content rule please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. it probably just verizon messenger app. it has a web ui that auto syncs your texts. are you both on the same plan and is it paid for with a joint account i would get a free consult with a lawyer and request all your cell phone records from your phone company if the lawyer gives the okay. that very good advice. perhaps you can also share that advice with your husband too. but since you are the decider and rationalizer of who is allowed to use it or not i guess you . 👍🏻 i’m not telling you the app name or how you could can determine if someone is using it on your phone. a new phone account in your name would solve that issue 100%. i see doubling down on your bs. again great job. here some advice for you lack of self awareness. projection rationalization etc. are all defense mechanisms and show a very clear lack of self awareness. also you come across as being quite nasty. being cheated on is no excuse to be nasty to others for no reason. and lastly i asked a legitimate question your response was way out of line and what caused this. this is legal advice i’m asking for it. asking for help with making sure your parents reading your text messages. here some advice if old enough to get a job get your own phone account. thank you for this information! iaal but not a lawyer in fl. i am not your lawyer and anything i post in here or elsewhere does not and will not create an attorney client relationship or any other type of relationship between you and i or you and any firms i may work for or be employed by. my posts on your issues in here and anywhere else are not and should not be considered legal advice but are for informational purposes only. you need to hire a qualified family law or divorce attorney to receive legal advice and representation on your specific case. when you hire or discuss your case with an attorney you should mention that you suspect your husband of having an affair and are also aware of him doing illegal drugs during the marriage and suspect he has now begun use or become addicted to additional illegal drugs after the marriage and or during the affair. if really concerned you do not necessarily need to mention specifically how you learned of the cocaine use simply that you suspect it and that you believe there may be or is likely text message or other digital evidence of it. that being said you should really never withhold info regarding your past actions from your lawyer especially if they ask no matter how irrelevant you think they may be. once you file for divorce during the discovery phase your attorney can request any of your husband text messages emails etc. that show any evidence by him of any affairs illegal drug use or any other allegations that you make that would be grounds for divorce in fl. if requested he and his attorney are required to turn that evidence over in a civil case against him which a divorce is civil. if they not only can your husband be held in contempt until he turns the evidence over and or have the divorce case negatively impacted in serious ways his attorney can also be sanctioned if he knows of the evidence existence and cooperates with your husband with his refusal including up to losing his law license. if you do mention how you learned of the cocaine use though anything is possible and i'm not a fl attorney i cannot think of any likely realistic scenario where you would be criminally or civilly liable for reading his text messages in the manner you described. especially as the phone account is in your name and you were married at the time of your discovery of the messages so there is less of an expectation of privacy. also evidence of his cocaine use would be highly relevant toward his credibility and his safety to act as or ability to parent your children. finally you sharing of your past actions if they were criminal with your attorney would be privileged information and your attorney cannot share that info without your permission. fl 934.03 prohibits recording of voice and text without the consent of all parties. in fl interception of a communication definition includes texts is only legal with the consent of all parties. or in other misc. circumstances none of which apply here. you may arguably have his consent given that it your phone account he using but you certainly have hers. fl specifically prohibits the use of improperly intercepted communications in any action. yes that the best way to respond to someone who has rightfully called you out for your immense projection rationalization judge mentalness hypocriticalness justifications and mental gymnastics. good job on the self awareness there cool story bro one more thought: ask your lawyer about requesting a drug test assuming that you could pass one as well. depending on whether your husband is a chronic or occasional user the time frame for detection is different. urine is normally used but maybe you can get a one time hair test to prove he been using then regular urine tests as a condition of visitation or custody given that the hair test should be positive. it sounds like being smart about this. you can start downloading past bank statements w2s sample pay stubs and tax returns so you have some paperwork ready for your attorney once you settle on one. if your husband has been spending your marital assets on his affairs that may shift the division of assets a bit. i'm not sure if the same is true for illegal drug use. ask your lawyer. he getting the money for the cocaine from somewhere. this for my partner had issues with lack of boundaries with this person before so i merely wanted to know what could be seen. not that i had to explain that because i appreciate being assumed for the reason i was asking. if you do not want to reveal the name of the app could you at least let me know if imessages can be seen on this app or just strictlytext messages as a side note i judging you i was merely asking so i'm not sure why you felt the need to imply i'm asking this "to keep tabs or for my insecurity" or you felt the need to justify your "need to know what going on" as if that makes it justifies it rather than "to keep tabs or for insecurities". and i should just ask them if reading my texts and they will give the truth how did "just asking" work for you and would you have told your husband you read his if he had "just asked" think so. your answer is extremely hypocritical i’m not answering these questions. i care if it hypocritical or not but i feel comfortable giving out info that could allow people to start reading every single text their partner sends out. i had to know what was going on and felt like i had no other options. i reading to keep tabs or for my own insecurities. if you have reason to believe your partner is reading your texts ask them. are you whatever cell phone company she uses exactly. thank you! never even had a speeding ticket so any wrong doing makes me extremely nervous thanks that makes sense. i could have my lawyer recommend hair tests. never done a drug in my life so they can test me anytime. i literally have the fake pee in my home right now from when my husband thought he was going to get a drug test. he smokes pot illegally which i knew and never cared i’m just not sure if i can specify i only care about cocaine not if he smokes a little pot outside after the kids are sound asleep the texts show bragging of cocaine use so we know he doing it. generally you can tell your lawyer that you did commit murder and they have to keep that confidential and still assist you with your defense to the best of their ability. what you cannot do is tell your lawyer that you are going to commit murder and trust that they will not report it. they are legally and ethically bound to avoid assisting with future crimes like perjury. one of the reasons your lawyer may not ask id you shoot that guy ' is that they would then be in an ethical dilemma if you later take the stand and deny something you admitted to them. and to take steps to prevent death or serious bodily harm if they think you intend it. there are some other iffy areas child abuse in states where they may be legally required to act as mandatory reporters for one but for some nefariously collected text messages you should feel quite safe discussing with your lawyer and the only ones who can analyze the entire situation and give you definitive answers both to 'can i use them ' and hould i use them ' proof of the cocaine would be nice if your attorney says the text messages are admissible you might ask about having custody or visitation dependent upon a clean drug test. heck you may not even need the messages to ask about that. i did do the force log out immediately when it happened and changed all of my passwords. he tried to casually bring up that my email password changed and he needed a bill. i just said i was hacked and emailed him what he was looking for. he press further i know exactly where he is but with our joint account he know immediately if i hired a pi. i have standing cash i could use for this. i did think of surprising him and saying it was because our anniversary was coming up soon but honestly i really want to meet his gf. she knows about me but she the one cheating he is. i did unblock her and just asked her if she had any additional information to prove she was with him. i’m pretending i’m not really sure. apparently my husband dumped her for the new girl so that why she coming clean. thank you for all of your advice. nal. within 3 minutes i get a notification that my fb was used from another location with the zip code of my husband work. i go on and the lady who kept messaged me is suddenly blocked. it sounds like your husband illegally accessed your facebook account. this a case of 2 wrongs make a right so it excuse you reading his messages but let your lawyer know anyway in case it becomes useful. in the meantime change your facebook password immediately so your husband impersonate you online. then force logout all devices to kick him out. then you can log back in. here a link to instructions on how to do that : =faq_content i can divorce him without it but i know he going to try to mess with the custody of our kids. proof of the cocaine would be nice. i’m not trying to take them completely from him if be out of town a little longer and you know where to find him you could try hiring a pi in that location. if sounds like there a good chance they could document the cheating. the cocaine will be iffy since most people are smart enough not to do it in public. if you unblock the other woman and she mentions cocaine ask your lawyer if that enough to subpoena the text records from your phone carrier. do not ask her about things you read in their text messages . just let her send you messages that you just keep collecting for now. do anything else until you talk with your lawyer. what your location look up your state name plus "single party consent". if in a one party consent state download voice recording and call recording apps and play with them so set up to record conversations with your husband in case he slips and confesses. out of curiosity what is the app called never heard of such a thing and now i'm curious. thanks. i’m not sure how and the extent of the confidentiality. only dealt with lawyers in regard to making a will and want to explain all of this to find out that i was wrong about confidentiality ok this makes sense. i know there a certain confidentiality but i’m not exactly clear and i want to incriminate myself either. the lawyer will advise you on if it admissible and confidentiality will almost certainly apply your lawyer is not going to report you to the police. your lawyer is hired to protect you not get you in further trouble. i confess murder but he probably report this to the police if you tell him and it is illegal the app is actually used on many android phones as the primary text app. i’m not backing him into any corner or messing with the kids. he been on a work trip with his gf for the past week and a half. i just want proof of the actual situation at hand when i file. otherwise i have no real proof of infidelity or the other 100 things he currently doing behind my back. hi you might have noticed this sub is "legaladvice". stow your opinions and stow your judgement she asked a specific question and you implying that she is going to get hurt because of it does not help. you should really tell your lawyer the whole truth. he does not have a code and we have never been weird about our phones. regularly tell me to check a text message on his phone if i’m closer. i found out he really good at keeping people informed of safe times. i guess i even want to mention it to a lawyer if what i did was illegal illegal or not i would have had no idea what was actually going on so i’m glad i did it but want legal repercussions. you should let your lawyer decide however is your husband phone locked does he have to use a code to unlock his phone i’m not certain but i’m pretty sure because the phones are in your name and your account that for all intents and purposes both your phone and you have every right to it and it contents. i know that keeping track of your child phone is legal it does get weird with another adult though. i would definitely speak to your lawyer about it as well though. edit: i think i’m wrong definitely speak with your lawyer. here some info i found online though. 