 you can setup auto payments for those. contact your phone and insurance providers asap. also many of them offer military discounts which can be pretty significant . gotcha which i’m fine with go wherever they need me. so should i go for another poa my only real responsibilities will be my investments aside from my cellular bill which i heard lenient on service members and then later car and insurance but holding off on that as possible. never ever ever discount the idea you could end up deployed on a ship or overseas. no matter what other experiences are to this point no matter what your recruiters say. in 2003 there were tens of thousands of national guard soldiers who dream they would be deployed let alone being deployed as anything other than what their unit was trained to do. navy and 95% of the job is shore duty. very limited sea duty. also she has statutory dependent poa does this mean she can have access to my bank account without my say. no i know i have gi bill until i meet the prerequisites. i was just curious if she was still my poa at the time if she would have control over that. my recruiters have documented her threats and put them in my file but since i’m 20 they say it really holds no weight. i planned on revoking her poa after i get out of bootcamp cause hate to revoke it and for some reason get sent home from bootcamp whether i break my leg or whatever. some freak accident. 1. revoke her poa. she has no business with it if she is making these threats. 2. once you finish boot and a school make sure your coc knows about these threats. got a while before you have to worry about this. 3. no she get your gi bill benefits. she eligible for tricare unless she is your dependent. you even have gi bill benefits when you ship. that is for people honorable discharged after at least 36 months of service. this kid been to boot camp basic yet so translation: big chicken dinner is bad conduct discharge. as said poa is pretty easy to revoke. consult base legal about it. i have a inherently combat job so it not like be mia for months at a time. count on that. i knew a lot of people who went into vehicle repair that ended up mps when their unit was deployed. you serve at the pleasure of your branch and at their needs. while navy and air force are less likely to reclass you there are very few jobs in the military think very specialized that have some inherent risk of becoming rifle totters. also just because your job combat related mean that you be deployed either because they still need bean counters and just bout every other 'non combat job' in combat zones. also does the benefits from my service mean she gets things like my gi bill and health care and i receive those no. for the benefits you need an honorable discharge to utilize the gi bill. healthcare only lose parts of it unless you get a big chicken dinner or lower. you can revoke power of attorney at any time so long as you do it in writing and keep records. consult with your base legal office for the forms.