i’m looking for advice for custodial rights for grandparents in qld australia. my husband and i have been married for almost two years and have a 17 month old son. for the duration of my sons life he has had regular and frequent contact with my own mother despite my own unusual abusive childhood and being regularly subjected to abuse and criticism on my ability to parent. i have never left him alone with her for any length of time as in addition to being suspicious of her i currently breastfeed him and he still relies on frequent feeds throughout the day. my mother has always been civil towards my son however lately been reluctant to accept her abuse towards me and have distanced myself from her. as a result she has become angrier and began making threats regarding her custodial rights as a grandparent. i have never restricted her access to him however naturally advised her that due to her behaviour i’m not ready to spend time with her and need time to process my thoughts. she has started making demands to see my son after as little as a week or so away. allowed her into my home to see him during this time as felt manipulated and fearful in limiting their contact. her behaviour is outlandish and unjustified. i have made every attempt to respond to her behaviour reasonably and after careful consideration to not agitate her. frustratingly she works in an extremely professional field and can be perceived as extremely caring and will say all the right things in front of the right people. felt fearful at the idea of cutting her out of our lives despite due cause as she had made it very clear that she would pursue legal action to ensure she has unrestricted access to our child and she has told me this would restrict us from moving from the area we currently live in in which she also lives . furthermore she has told us that if we moved away she would also move. because of her profession and ability to portray herself in a way that is completely contradictory to her behaviour been fearful to remove her from our lives. unfortunately i have no evidence of her abusive outbursts or the way i was treated as a child. does she have any legal rights to contact with my son if she were to ‘take me to court’ would i be legally required to allow her visitation or unsupervised contact i am horrified at the idea of legally having to allow her to spend time with him without me present. she currently has sufficient funds and i believe pursuing legal action is out of her reach. i currently stay home to look after my child and my husband works full time at minimum wage therefore any legal proceedings would be a significant financial burden. if she has no legal grounds i would preferably like to minimise her contact with my son unless her behaviour changes. i’m not sure if it bears mentioning however my son is extremely healthy happy and cared for under my and my husbands care. we have no criminal history whatsoever and have no history of drug or alcohol abuse. the family law act recognises the importance of grandchildren having a relationship with their grandparents. however in order to begin proceedings in australia she would first need to go through family dispute resolution conference or mediation. only if this does not resolve the issue will your mother have standing to begin a court proceeding. the family court process is slow and very expensive. even then there is no 'unrestricted access' right for grandparents. if successful your mother would have a right to see the child per court order but it is by no means guaranteed. similar to custody rights between parents during separation. if concerned limit your contact with your mother now to writing. that way you have a trail of evidence. good luck this can be an emotional and trying time. #x200b; "may be applied for" family law act 1975 sect 65c who may apply for a parenting order a parenting order in relation to a child may be applied for by: a either or both of the child parents; or b the child; or ba a grandparent of the child; or c any other person concerned with the care welfare or development of the child. to add on for op also you may eligible for legal aid in your state or at the very least a quick free discussion with them. family law specialists in australia are hard to find and not cheap but some may do a free consult also. it worth reaching out to a firm to ask. ianal but while a grandparent is entitled under the family law act to apply for a parenting order if they want access or custody to a child it is not an enshrined or automatic right and the fact you and your husband are together and neither are deceased helps you the court will only grant an order if they consider it in the best interests of the child after taking in all factors and after the mediation process has been completed. while the court may indeed grant her an order allowing visitation or unsupervised contact there no automatic right to such an order. that interesting do you have a source on that if she takes you to court the court will consider whether it is in the best interests of your child to spend time with her. while the court may indeed grant her an order allowing visitation or unsupervised contact there no automatic right to such an order. probably get better advice on the likelihood of her success in where there are commentators with more experience in the aussie legal system but suggest having a consultation with a family law specialist in your area about how the local courts typically rule and what kinds of evidence would be helpful in showing why it is a bad idea for her to be around kiddo. ianal i'm not really sure what rights to your son she thinks she has. at the end of the day your son is yours and you and your husband have full custody. if the point could be made that by restricting her access it somehow causing your son harm then imagine the courts might be able to intervene. however i see anyway be able to successfully make that argument. however it probably best to contact a lawyer who specialises in this subject matter. nal but iirc grandparents have visitation rights but they have the right to ask for it. since this is australia i'm not sure how the law differs. check with a family lawyer and check on their opinion. also check and crosspost with . 