hello to one and all : . as this is my first post on reddit i apologize in advance for any errors that may ensue with respect to format and or protocol etc. it just that i simply know as to what to do at this point and it was suggested to me that i could try to perhaps find some answers from all of you lovely people : so yeah as to here i am i guess. anyway and without getting into too much detail concerning as to how and why i elected to do that as to which follows over roughly the last twelve months i have desperately tried to find a publisher for my article below entitled "from russia with revenge how the clinton administration meddling in boris yeltsin re election campaign of and overall policies towards russia destroyed its economy and nascent democracy paved the way for putin ultimately doomed hillary and set the stage for trump" reaching out to anyone and everyone of as to whom you can possibly think in order to keep a promise to someone as to who sadly is no longer with us : as well as so as to settle a debt with another very special person; and while i was ultimately rejected by well everyone insofar as publications are concerned and many of my emails ultimately went unanswered i was fortunate enough to have received important and tremendous feedback help and support from a number of bestselling authors and famous editors etc. on my piece so imagine as to my let say "surprise" as to when after twice submitting my work to the atlantic i discovered this "story" that was "written" by peter beinart that let say "curiously appeared" a mere three months and eleven days after i had received their most recent letter of rejection. not only did this guy steal my entire premise but he also shamelessly cited almost all of my statistics sources talking points and quotes. seriously it like he not even trying to hide his dastardly deeds and in response i attempted to contact the editor of the atlantic jeffrey goldberg to obtain some kind of explanation etc. via email in which i documented beinart acts of intellectual thievery on a line by line basis only to never receive even a single reply and after attempts no less and trying to contact the magazine itself to report my case also yielded nothing. fast forward sidebar is that still a thing? to roughly a month later and after telling me that he "much enjoyed" my piece but help me in terms of "placing it" stephen kinzer "wrote" a "story" for the boston globe that again followed the same pattern as beinart in terms of theft with really the only difference being that kinzer is able to do that as to which i unfortunately cannot effectively summarize well anything lol and his let say "retelling" of my "deep dive" haha makes no mention of me nor my work and it the same way with beinart. additionally thanks to both medium terms of service page which under "content rights and responsibilities" states that "you own the rights to the content you create and post on medium " and dr. nafeez ahmed as to who was kind enough to publish my piece on insurge intelligence a well publication on medium.com on march of this year both mr. beinart and mr. kinzer have not simply committed intellectual thievery but have also violated the content and publishing rights of both an award winning author investigative journalist and former employee of the guardian and said platform. finally i have the emails and the screenshots thereof to prove everything and i am more than willing to share my documented breakdown of the plagiarism that was committed on the part of both of these guys at my expense. just be aware that it will make for a rather lengthy post. sorry about that : . oh yeah and before i forget while i acknowledge that kinzer has previously written about russia never has he even remotely touched on the subject matter that makes for the focus of my piece and just in case anyone is interested beinart "article" was later retweeted by jake tapper. yeah thanks in advance for even bothering to read any part of this post btw as i really appreciate it. i just need to know my options if they even exist at this point. sigh. =user\_profile =user_profile =collection\_home =collection_home 