my husband has a conditional job offer from a federal agency contingent on him qualifying for top secret security clearance. i really do drugs but we will be in michigan for christmas and i thought it might be fun to try legal pot. i know he smoke any but if i tried it could he get in trouble lose his cjo? he already submitted his forms but taken a polygraph yet if that matters. tia about their drug usage? i was asked about my significant other and a brief history regarding drug usage. have you taken a full scope? they asking about family other than their citizenship status. no he . the security investigators do not give a shit about spouses unless they are not us citizens. they wont even ask about your drug use. he is the one getting the clearance not you. just smoke away from him and maybe even mention it? even in a full scope poly they going to ask him about your drug use. need i remind you that you posted a medical question on a legaladvice forum and now pulling the card that in the medical field. you cant be very bright if you work in the medical field and had to submit a whole post wondering how cannabis works. practice what you preach google your facts before you come into a forum and start spewing inaccurate information. you claim you can od on weed but are confused by the potency of edibles alone. case closed turning off inbox replies. and this is how i learn i have a problem. i just ate mg legitimate product not homemade the other day at lunch before i went about the rest of my day. this soooo dumb. just be cool about it. shotgun it to him or blow it in his ears. and both spooks. that simply not true. my wife smokes and i dont and i have failed a marijuana drug test. yeah my dad is a pot head and my mom has never had a positive result on drug tests ever. edibles are a bad idea for first timers. thc needs to be heat activated in order to have an effect when ingested. in other words you eat raw cannabis and get high. when the thc is heat activated and ingested the potency increases by a lot and it takes time to get into your bloodstream. what typically happens is people take a small dose feel anything take more and are suddenly way higher than they intended to be. it not physically harmful in the sense of a typical overdose but it can be a nightmare especially for people who used to it. with smoking the effect is more or less instant so you can better gauge what dose feels good and when it starts to become uncomfortable you can just put the joint out. it is highly doubtful that your husband would be affected in any way whatsoever by secondhand smoke as long as he and you are not in an enclosed area such as a room or car. also he is getting the job not you. i think that pretty much answers it. it would take a lot of second hand smoke to show up on a drug test. as long as your not in a small and sealed environment such as a car with the windows up he should be fine. might not be a bad idea to blow it out the hotel room window though. also be aware that you can get a public consumption ticket if your outside and not on private property that allows it. i'm mildly concerned that in a medical field and understand you od on cannabis. actually thats more than mildly concerning. however you do not know if they will only do an urine test. they might go for a hair test therefore there a higher chance of a positive result. this is because thc in your urine disappears quite quickly. it stays in your hair forever. if he still has to take the polygraph they may ask him if he knows anyone who does drugs or has recently been around drugs etc. can you just wait until he gets the job? it absolutely possible to get high as fuck if someone is smoking in a small semi enclosed space. learned that one the hard way. on top of the other advice about distance and secondhand smoke it possible he will be interviewed polygraphed about family and past current drug usage. the fact his wife smokes marijuana legal statewise illegal federally may prevent or hurt his chances of being hired. you definitely can smoke too much that it has bad effects on you. u vexor anytime man. that what i am here for. u myturnforthisemail ok so i am a background investigator feel free to check my post history. while the process is invasive we do not go back to grade school. that just dumb. realistically i can see a couple issues coming up. let dismiss the legal marijuana stance. it is illegal on a federal level which is all that matters for the purposes of an investigation. so your spouse would be questioned on knowing supporting someone who does illegal drugs. there will be a lot of questions for him to answer then he will have to provide friends who know about the illegal use to be interviewed as well. it will delay his investigation a couple weeks in the investigative process as well as the adjudication. more importantly it will cause question to him supporting someone who knowingly and actively matter if it was just once since it is current participated in illegal drug use. each case is different and to be honest i see this as being a sole reason to deny a clearance but it could negatively impact his current or prospective job. if it a lifestyle polygraph test and he partake he should be fine. they ask if you smoke pot. focused on him. and his possible contacts overseas if he has any. yes so an excessive and dangerous dose. thank you for re iterating what i said but adding your own commentary to it. as i said before if you think you can od on cannabis probably better off not altering your own mental state anymore as clearly off your rocker a bit. yes were you in aviation related job? yes i know op was talking about her own pot smoking not her husband . once husband has job and clearance op is probably free to do what she wants without risking repercussions that he was to bear. overdose: . an excessive and dangerous dose of a drug. if you think you can od on weed you probably be experimenting with it recreational or not. sorry but this is bad advice. i had a full fledged panic attack elevated heart rate racing thoughts intense fear and paranoia uncontrollable tremors severe nausea from an edible obtained from a mmj dispensary. i followed the dosing instructions and everything and already had a tolerance to thc. pretty much every person i know "enthusiasts" included have had a bad experience with edibles at some point. i have seen people who smoke daily and regularly use concentrates vomit after taking edibles. if you had a bad experience consider yourself lucky and consider that you might be in the minority. no you can not od on mj the way you can od on alcohol or other drugs of abuse but you can absolutely have enough to have a severely uncomfortable experience. part of the issue is that the effects of edibles rely on personal metabolism. conventional wisdom says "wait an hour and see how you feel" but i have personally taken edibles and not felt any effects for more than minutes and did not reach peak effects until . anecdotally the longer it took for effects to appear the more intense those effects ended up being. i know people who have not felt the effects for several hours went to sleep and woke up incredibly high and disoriented. everyone metabolism is different and it is impossible to control for every factor when recommending dosages. even lab testing is not infallible. op my advice to you is to get a small amount of lab tested cannabis with a high cbd to thc ratio like : or : something like thc and cbd take a small amount and see how you feel. most people i know who do not regularly smoke or who have had anxiety in the past prefer low thc high cbd myself included. treat it like a cigarette and try to smoke the whole thing take a small amount wait minutes repeat as needed. smoke in an enclosed space with your husband and from what others have been saying there should not be a risk of him losing his job. however if you are in the medical field and might be drug tested know that as a non regular user it might show up on a drug test for about days perhaps more if you have a higher bmi but it very unlikely to show up more than days from ingestion if you want to play it safe. merry xmas ; according to many scientists know where the link is testing positive for second hand inhalation or being around marijuana smoke is not possible. just because they ask about something mean they deny your clearance for saying yes what it comes down to is that your husband absolutely should not lie about it if asked. during my clearance process polygraph i was asked about being around others who did illegal drugs. perhaps it was different because mine was compartmental the questions were different. lol virtually no chance of second had smoke showing up on a drug test short of hotboxing. the chances of second hand smoke cause a positive drug test are virtually unless hotboxing with him. yes he can have his security clearance revoked for you smoking. clearances are about divulging intimate details to the government so that you be black mailed into giving classified information to a bad actor. a bad actor could discover you smoking and threaten your husband by telling his company and him getting fired if he give them certain information. he should absolutely tell them about it as part of the background investigation lying about it would be a felony and making him inelible to ever hold a clearence. you can overdose on marijuana; just not to the point of death unless using something else in conjunction with it. you can absolutely be hospitalized develop psychosis etc. and the psychosis can lead to death ex. the man in denver who jumped several stories to his death . there also a case in australia where some quack injected two women with cannabis oil and they were hospitalized and stoned for days. i actually support using edibles potables oils as opposed to exposing others to thc by smoking or vaping. and of course an overdose can occur via any consumption method. but spreading misinformation helps nobody so please repeat this idea that consuming too much marijuana would be harmless. if a marijuana enthusiast you should be helping to make sure that nobody is harmed by marijuana use and the best way to do that is by making sure everyone is properly informed. i had a roommate in law school who failed one of these polygraphs. i love me some legal weed but do not fuck around. the folks who administer these tests are neither lenient nor sympathetic. i just wanted to know if i could smoke a joint with my in laws without getting my husband in trouble. the answer to that question is "yes if he not around". if he is around make sure you guys are outdoors and he up wind and or away from the smoke. it sounds like made up your mind regarding weed vs booze so that fine. but with respect to the edibles you can be pretty certain not to overdose if you follow everybody advice about dosage and timing. eat half of what you think you should eat wait minutes and then evaluate your state of mind. mg for the first time! that a terrible idea haha. i am a pretty regular smoker and the last time i had a mint with mg i was almost non functional for manyyy hours if that was my first time i would never again. even if he gets a little secondhand smoke he fine. from my understanding the ua will only show positive if his thc levels exceed a certain amount. i hotbox a room with him inside but being near do anything. something we do. had my investigation in . it absolutely was something they did. i know because my grade teacher specifically told me they went to him to ask about me. as far as the second comment again yes it is. the investigator made it clear they they would during my interview. i thought this was unusual as well so i confirmed with some of my peers and they all pretty much confirmed that they went through similar proceedings. checked with some of my family members and they confirmed they went through it as well when they went forward with their clearances. based on a sample size of ~ or so people it seems it was the norm to dig into immediate relatives and juvenile history at the time i got mine. if it this questionable then consider not doing it. is it worth it to potentially jeopardize your husband job offer? i think probably be fine but if having to go to these lengths then i do it. the security clearance adjudication process is not to punish you for bad things done in the past but to determine if you are trustworthy and have anything that can be used for blackmail. you can admit to doing some drugs in the past but what disqualifiing is to not tell if you have done it because now if a foreign power finds out that the us know they can threaten to expose you and make you lose your clearance. however if the us already knows you can tell them to get bent. all in all if you have to go through great lengths to justify it i do it because i want to risk anything for my spouse. that just my personal opinion. like i said i think be okay but why risk it? just wait till after he gets adjudicated then try it. that may still be a crime then for them and possibly for you. better to wait until next year when his security clearance is done and you can get it legally yourself. some people actually get quite ill and some people have a dangerous drop in blood pressure. it not like od'ing on heroine but please stop telling people that there zero danger in taking too much. for some people that simply not true. you can see if tinctures or edibles are available since there zero chance of secondhand smoke in that scenario. do your research ahead of time however it takes a long time for edibles to kick in min hours and many people eat too much then have a really intense high and sometimes end up at the hospital. tinctures will likely taste gross but kick in much faster so you can still adjust the dosage. ts investigations often involve a home visit and will involve personally interviewing your neighbors. they will ask them about his "social" life including alcohol and drug use. i comment on security clearance investigations but i would highly advise maintaining a clear distance from him whenever you do this and informing him beforehand that going to. or try eddibles and if you do clearly label them and inform him what they are. he can and will be disqualified if he has any in his system. ; it pretty tough to accurately figure out a dose you smoke but edibles have it right there on the package. i.e. one gummy candy cookie chocolate square = which is enough to get you giggly but not floating on clouds. no one has ever on cannabis; it incredibly safe and the worst that can happen to you physically is that you fall asleep. if you have significant anxiety about trying cannabis it okay to be kind to yourself and wait for a time you feel comfortable. it a fun and easy going substance but not worth the hype imo if it causing you stress. you can try edibles and then you have to worry about affecting him at all. this is correct and here the kicker top secret security clearance a ts clearance is going to be an extremely invasive background check into your husband and his immediate peers and family. that includes you his parents etc when i received mine the actual investigation took over year to complete and they went back to my and grade teachers to ask about me. i was at the time so that years worth of background information that they scrubbed through. they will hold anything that could potentially be held against your husband against him. that includes your past and history or parents etc bad credit scores drug use anything that could be used to persuade him to release information. depending on the job yes. in my case i was tested on average times a month for almost years. nice! enjoy! he might be fine or not if he were already a fed employee with a clearance. but urinalysis is probably done before the background check and if hubby flunks feds may not want to waste further time on hiring him. if this is a job hubby really wants i smoke dope. better safe than sorry. 