hello first off i’m in illinois cook county i recently attempted to purchase a device from the google device store. due to illness and generally scheduling errors i had to contact google to have them request fedex to divert my package to a location where i can pick it up. unfortunately in the process fedex lost my package or at least according to them they currently know where it is but are working on finding it for days . long story short since then i have spent roughly days trying to get someone to talk to me from google since they placed restrictions on the package making it so fedex refuses to assist me since i’m not the shipper. this has resulted in phone calls hours of hold music hours of chat support who told me they help because a supervisor is handling it emails replies from good support saying working with fedex direct messages to their twitter support no answers . disputed the charge with the credit card company since i would already be required to start paying on it by now and was wondering my next steps. should i wait until the dispute is finished or can i take google to small claims demanding refund and payment for time? i found this in their terms of sale and was wondering if this means i have no case or can i argue that they violated their own conditions by violating sla on their support promise? limitation of liability you expressly understand and agree that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law google and its subsidiaries and affiliates including suppliers collectively "google parties" shall not be liable to you under any theory of liability whether contract tort including negligence or otherwise for any indirect incidental special consequential or exemplary damages that may be incurred by you in connection with the device or these terms including any loss of data whether or not a google party or its representatives have been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising. you expressly understand and agree that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law the google parties' total liability in connection with the device or these terms will not exceed the amount actually paid by you to google under these terms. some states or countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. any advice is much appreciated. so i just got a answer that can make this moot. google contacted me confirming that the package is a failed delivery but refuse refund because the fault lies on fedex however fedex tos state that due to the restrictions on the account they will only provide refund to the shipper. i guess this is the end. i just need to work on trying to get something from someone else. thanks for taking the time i truly appreciate it. they have listed sla on their support site. hours for first contact and a established sla of business days for resolution. go ahead and come back when you can post the sla terms you think google breached. and when you do please include a link so we can review the sla. woops! sorry misread your question. yes i get a screenshot right now but they have listed sla on their support site. hours for first contact and a established sla of business days for resolution. the communications i have received have also promised contact or resolution within hours repeatedly. and those promises have repeatedly been broken. they are however responsible for providing customer support do the tos say that you will receive a response within a particular amount of time? yes: support please refer to google store support to learn more about any support offered by google in connection with your device. the google support team will only provide support if you are located in a supported country with order management or technical support as described in the country availability page. i specifically asked if the tos say that google would provide a response within a particular amount of time. i see that in what you quoted. in fact i see a promise to provide support at all . please highlight the parts that answer my question. and while doing it you might want to think about exactly what allegation of breach of contract you plan to make. because at this point i see any promise by google that you claim they breached. yes: support please refer to google store support to learn more about any support offered by google in connection with your device. the google support team will only provide support if you are located in a supported country with order management or technical support as described in the country availability page. plus delivery we may not be able to deliver to all locations. please consult our country availability for locations to which we will deliver your device. if google does not ship a device to the address you provided you will be sent a notice and you will not be charged for your order. if a device cannot be successfully delivered to you the device should be returned to google. in that case and once google receives the return shipment you will not be charged for the device or charges already incurred will be reversed using the initial payment method in your google payments account but you may be charged for shipping and such charges may not be reversed . if a device is not successfully delivered because we or a delivery agent made a mistake you will not be charged at all and all charges will be reversed. if google successfully delivers your device to the address specified in your order you will not be entitled to a refund or replacement device. if you do not receive your device please contact google store support. for more information on missing shipments see here. any delivery dates or times provided by google or a delivery agent are estimates only and are not guaranteed. though the support page they reference simply state to contact support via twitter email chat or phone. all of which has been done and no support has been provided. edit additionally google themselves have admitted that the device will not be delivered. they are however responsible for providing customer support do the tos say that you will receive a response within a particular amount of time? i think they are. they are however responsible for providing customer support since they set restrictions on fedex allowing them to refuse assistance to me the customer. the issue is that google is refusing assistance or reimbursement. edit: more specifically the issue the lost package it the refusal of support from google which is costing me time and money to resolve due to that refusal. fedex lost my package why do you think google is liable for fedex mistake?