in new york state can the police run someone license without any cause when the person even there i’m certain that my ex wife had the cops waiting for me after i dropped off my kids and my license was suspended which is totally my fault but if they ran my license when i there at her behest is that a breach of my civil liberty i’m going to put a foil request in to see when i was accessed by their computer but if it was before they pulled me over is that actionable thanks more useful info. the next intelligent thing you say will be he first. maybe you know: can redditors block users thanks for painting the picture of who you are. i’m done responding to you after this. added nothing but wrong info to this post and are the epitome of internet shit posters with no knowledge of the subject and are of no help. everyone would be better off if you just stayed quiet. i’m not worried about how i look to random internet super crime stoppers. it a traffic ticket it not a big deal. that being said if the cops following the rules and are corrupt i want to know and if my ex wife is breaking the law i also want to know that. i think that any reasonable person would. if you had a clue about the false police reports and other things that have happened you may feel differently. i’m dealing with a woman that has literally faked cancer among a dozen other illnesses faked careers college degrees you name it including designing the avionics system for a plane that she explain one piece of. so if she talking about me to the cops it in my best interest to know and to shut that down and if that involves a lawsuit i have no problem writing it. so if you have a problem with my evil criminal background and the horrible victim attitude i possess i’m sorry for offending your deep sensitivities but i really need to hear any more about it unless you have anything of actual substance to offer. thank you. see the other post i just wrote it more complicated than that. this is factually incorrect. the driver privacy protection act prevents you from looking up my driving records legally criminal records may or may not be different i have no idea. so as i see it there are three basic scenarios: 1. she had a pi look up my records legal and told the cops which i think would be legal albeit unlikely. 2. she lied to the cops about knowledge of my license and they looked it up based on her lies. unknown legality but likely no wrongdoing by the police 3. she asked the cops to look up my license and they did for no reason also unknown legality this is what i’m asking about that what i’m trying to sort out. either way my kids told me that she said i had a suspended license to them which is a certain violation of the driver privacy protection act unless she got the info from a pi which should be easy to prove if that the case. so fundamentally my civil rights were violated most likely it just a matter of by whom and in which way. as you might imagine it a contracted fight between her and i and i have no beef with the cops except i need to have them tell me what she said in the case of another add on to the already existing lawsuits. heard of that too but not in this case i saw them waiting for me when i was pulling out of the driveway i waited a bit but they move until i pulled out then they immediately followed me. i figured it was a thug or someone to try to intimidate me but i drove relatively normally until i got pulled over for doing 10 over in an area that normally pull you over unless going 15 or 20 over. it was clearly a setup. not that i deserve it for having a suspended license but if the setup is illegal i wanted to know. there is also the chance that it popped up on the computer in the police car when you drove by if they are running license plate readers that can report such things. police in some areas get dings whenever a vehicle drives past them with known violations such as yours. donuts and all : s thank you for your help! it all in details but she definitely legally know anything about my license even i know it was suspended an out of state ticket that i forgot about from a year ago. what she told the cops is a whole ‘nother question however. the cops lied to me and super evasive which i understand against the law but definitely made me wonder about this whole mess. but are you a real cop who knows the law and putting their own judgement in to make themselves look good s while regulations differ from place to place in almost all cases police have access to the motor vehicle database. they can check driver licences if they wish without a warrant. your ex evidently did have knowledge of your suspended licence. i see no speculation. awesome. then question 2: what constitutes probable cause in terms of my ex wife saying things that she has no knowledge of can random speculation legitimately be probable cause i am a cop. thank you. are you a lawyer or well informed or just speculating not trying to be argumentative just asking. i’m not denying that i’m at fault it not a big deal i fixed my license and paid my ticket totally my fault and responsibility. that not debatable. whether they can run my license for no real reason is the question and put your answer in thank you. i’m looking for more concrete information from someone who is a lawyer or relevant case law. the police received information about a suspended driver. they checked the information first which is excellent police work. they nabbed aforesaid driver. yes they can do it. yes their actions were justified. no you have any recourse over whether they were allowed to run your licence. because my ex wife asked them to. all valid but not in this case. what tipped me off is that my kids mentioned it afterwards meaning she knew that the cops pulled me over despite no way to know that unless her and the cops are talking. literally no one else knew other than my fiancé. even if she told them something else that turned out not to be true if they ran your license in the course of that investigation and it turned out to be suspended then they do anything wrong. also if your kids have any sort of visitation with your ex it entirely possible that they picked up some of that information about your suspended license and said something that tipped her off. or if still friends with some of the same people one of them might have mentioned it. i know enough about you to know if any of these are feasible but i know that if someone is interested enough to want to mess with you they can get information like that without too much hassle in many situations. looked up my name in the computer i would guess. i fixed my license not a big deal there but my ex had no way to know anything about my license legally. no question about me being at fault but i really want to know if allowed to run my license before i show up. disclaimer: not a lawyer. if your ex wife had reason to believe that you were driving on a suspended license and she told the police that that would mean they had a cause to run your license. please find an alternative means to get your kids to school as that is not an excuse for driving on a suspended license. also if you have not already seek the advice of a criminal defense attorney. if she did it it shitty but nothing more i think. u broke the law driving with an unregistered car. completely. are you serious 