wa state here. had my emotional support dog since 2017. i moved to an apartment at the beginning of the year that required a pet deposit $300 non refundable and $300 refundable upon move out + a monthly pet rent of $35 per month. i paid the deposits and have been paying the monthly pet rent. i recently became aware of some laws acts regarding esas that exempt esas from being subjected to pet deposits and or monthly pet rent. i’m currently not working and this would really help me out financially. would i be able to get my deposit back and get reimbursed for the monthly pet rent paid all year i’m also up for renewal at my apartment and will likely sign another year lease. what paperwork will i need for my dog i have letters from my psychologist as well as my gp. i’m also very shy and have extreme anxiety talking to people. i would love if someone could help me draft what i should say to the apartment managers i submitted my doctors’ documents to the apartment manager and they acknowledge my dog is an esa and not a pet. i am signing a new lease with them but they say i get my “pet” deposit back until the end of this year lease. is that legal at which point did you inform your landlord that you had an esa and not a pet if you provided the landlord the pet rent deposit on top of the esa documentation it could be the case where the landlords believed you had a pet in addition to an esa in which case you can clarify to the landlord the situation and see if refund your overpayment. if you never provided the landlords that documentation then your animal is still a pet until your landlord has the correct documentation. nal but legal advice do legal work on this forum. drafting a response is clearly legal work. would i be able to get my deposit back and get reimbursed for the monthly pet rent paid all year no. it is not an esa until your landlord has the right documentation. before that it is just a pet. i’m also up for renewal at my apartment and will likely sign another year lease. what paperwork will i need for my dog the lettter outlining that you have a disability and require the dog as an accomodation should be enough. 