i’m currently accepted into my dream nursing school and i need to pass stuff like drug screens background checks etc. only problem is when i was younger i got arrested for something stupid like shoplifting makeup. had so much anxiety about it and get a panic attack anytime anyone mentions the words criminal or background checks. i want this one dumb mistake i made when i was younger to affect my future. now when they closed my case i was told this be on my public record since it was my first and hopefully last time getting into trouble. so i was told i need to tell any school or future employers that there has been an arrest. right now i passed a basic background check and everything else. but when they place us with agencies some might require fingerprinting. will that arrest turn up if i end up having to do fingerprints do i have to get it expunged even if it on my public record in this day in age most criminal background checks using social security number and your other vital details are enough to get a full criminal history. finger prints are a redundancy that exist for a few reasons that a shoplifting offense will likely fall into. that nice of you but already had to do one myself for a class i had to take and nothing came up. basic background checks where i just had to input my name dob and license number. but with fingerprints background check i’m scared something will pop up in the system because when i was taken in i had my prints taken. i know if you would know anything about how that works if it not on your public record it show up on a background check. if i knew your information i could run a background check on you. i think it depends from state to state. the prosecutor told me that it be on my public record but it still leaves me anxious to whether colleges can access it. they might be on your record. it unlikely be denied employment for that however. most people get into some kind of trouble when they were young and generally looking for drug related charges or violent offenses. stealing lipstick from cvs is usually not the kind of people they keep out of hospitals. people who are opiate addicts or sold drugs are the kinds of people they keeep out. 20 years old how "younger" were you fine anything you did under 18 is not on your record. trust me on this had a lot of issues and never once has anything i have when i was a teenager come up via fingerprinting or background check 