i work for the surveyors office in my county. we maintain the drainage for the county and some of the drains cross railroads. under indiana drainage law we have a 75' from top of bank or middle of tile 150' minimum width depends on bank width that we use to maintain the drains. i occasionally have to cross railroads when doing inspections on drains. i recently had a run in with the railroad police about trespassing on the railroad by crossing it at a non road crossing i was crossing in our right of way of the drain . we sent out notice to the land owners in the area saying that we would be using the right of way to inspect the drain on that date and included the railroad in that mailing. i'm thinking they specifically send the rr police out there that day to harass me for crossing we are currently in a legal fight with the railroads about them paying for another project . the police told me if they catch me crossing again they would write me a ticket for crossing and i told them to fuck off because i have a legal right to cross there because it is within our right of way for the drain. their response was they are only able to be regulated federally so our right of ways extend to the rail road. indiana law disagrees. part of my job is inspecting the drains and i cross railroads regularly. i have no doubt some time in this future i'm going to end up in court fighting a ticket. my questions basically is can i consider this harassment we never have had run ins with the rr police before and they are just now seeming to show up to the spots we say we are going to cross when we send out legal notifications. and can they actually give me a ticket would it be upheld for trespassing where i have a legal right of way to travel in i'm norwegian and work on the railroad here but i think our railroad laws were inspired by the british and american so hopefully this comment can still be useful. i'm thinking maybe you should have had safety personell from the company that owns the railroad infrastrucutre with you when you crossed. they would have called train trafiic controll and asked for permition. train craffic control would have said yes your section of the tracks are yours for a certain amount of time and not sent any trains your way in that amount of time or no you have to wait a train is heading your way. then when you had permission you could have done your work safely knowing that there were no other activity on your part of the rails. this is standart procedure and in my job and obviously has to do with safety. i know trying to stick it to you but the thing they will fall back on is the safety aspect. you have to get a flagger from the rr to be legit in the rr row. even "under the direct supervision of a licensed professional land surveyor" the trespassing thing is tricky. often times its not worth fighting over. edit: guess i should clarify that i am not a lawyer this is not legal advice blah blah this is just what i know from my experience. that is the law for the railroad. my legal authority comes from indiana code 36 9 27 33. right of entry over private land; extension of spoil banks beyond right of way sec. 33. a the county surveyor the board or an authorized representative of the surveyor or the board acting under this chapter has the right of entry over and upon land lying within seventy five 75 feet of any regulated drain. the seventy five 75 foot limit shall be measured at right angles to: 1 the center line of any tiled drain; and 2 the top edge of each bank of an open drain; as determined by the surveyor. b spoil bank spreading resulting from the construction reconstruction or maintenance of an open drain may extend beyond the seventy five 75 foot right of way if: 1 the county surveyor finds that the extension is necessary; and 2 the extension has been provided for in the engineer report on the construction reconstruction or maintenance. c all persons exercising the right given by this section shall to the extent possible use due care to avoid damage to crops fences buildings and other structures outside of the right of way and to crops and approved structures inside the right of way. the county surveyor shall give oral or written notice of the entry on the land to the property owner of record and in the case of a municipality to the executive of that municipality. the notice must state the purpose for the entry. d the owners of land over which the right of way runs may use the land in any manner consistent with this chapter and the proper operation of the drain. permanent structures may not be placed on any right of way without the written consent of the board. temporary structures may be placed upon or over the right of way without the written consent of the board but shall be removed immediately by the owner when so ordered by the board or by the county surveyor. crops grown on a right of way are at the risk of the owner and if necessary in the reconstruction or maintenance of the drain may be damaged without liability on the part of the surveyor the board or their representatives. trees shrubs and woody vegetation may not be planted in the right of way without the written consent of the board and trees and shrubs may be removed by the surveyor if necessary to the proper operation or maintenance of the drain. e this subsection applies to new regulated drains established after september 1 1984 and to urban drains. except as provided in subsection f the board may reduce the seventy five 75 foot right of way requirement of subsections a and b to any distance of not less than: 1 twenty five 25 feet from the top of each bank of an open ditch; and 2 fifteen 15 feet from the center line of any tiled drain; as measured at right angles. f this subsection applies only to a platted subdivision. upon the recommendation of the county surveyor the board may further reduce the right of way for any tiled drain including a tiled urban drain that was reduced under subsection e 2 . however the board shall not make a reduction that results in a right of way that is: 1 less than seven 7 feet from each side of the center line as measured at right angles; or 2 less than the recommendation made by the county surveyor. g a reduction of a right of way under subsection e or f does not: 1 affect a public utility use of; or 2 deprive a public utility of the use of; the right of way if at the time the right of way is reduced the public utility is occupying and using the right of way for the location of the public utility structures including pipelines electric lines or any related structures. h the surveyor the board or an authorized representative of the surveyor or the board acting under this chapter does not commit criminal trespass under ic 35 43 2 2. as added by acts 1981 p.l.309 sec.101. amended by p.l.206 1984 sec.3; p.l.76 1989 sec.6; p.l.145 2013 sec.1. ind. code ann. 8 3 15 3 sec. 3 . a a person who rides drives or walks on or along the right of way or yard of a railroad company at a place other than a public crossing commits a class b misdemeanor. b “right of way” means the track or roadbed owned or leased by a railroad which is located on either side of its tracks and which is readily recognizable to a reasonable person as being railroad property or is reasonably identified as such by fencing or appropriate signs. c “yard” means a system of parallel tracks cross overs and switches where cars are switched and made up into trains and where cars locomotives and other rolling stock are kept when not in use or awaiting repairs. d this section does not apply to: 1 passengers on trains or employees of a railroad company while engaged in the performance of their duties; 2 picketing by railroad employees in the vicinity of entrances to railroad company property; 3 an authorized representative of the railroad employees; 4 a person going upon the right of way or into the yard to save human life or to protect property; 5 a person being on the station grounds or in the depot of the railroad company as a passenger or for the purpose of transacting business; 6 a person or the person family or employees going upon the right of way for the purpose of crossing from one 1 part to another part of a farm the person owns or leases where the farm lies on both sides of the right of way; 7 a person having written permission from the railroad company to go upon the right of way; 8 representatives of the indiana department of transportation; 9 representatives of the federal surface transportation board; or 10 a professional surveyor or a professional surveyor employees who are on the right of way or in the yard for the purpose of making land surveys. trespassing is a state crime. property ownership including easements is a state issue. while many federal regulations govern railroads this is not the case here. state law gives me the right to be there. the railroads claim to be unaffected by state laws. that the issue here. i'm unfamiliar with "railroad police" but after a little research they seem to be a real thing. anyway if you have a legal right to be there you be charged with trespassing. whether or not you have a right to be there would depend on the language of the easement. it very likely that the easement includes inspection and maintenance so as long as you are there in your official capacity you would not be able to be convicted of trespassing. that a question of specific facts that a lawyer would need to advise you on. railroad police state level and thus constrained by state laws though it seems clear cut i would have the advantage under state law. yikes. given the history of regulatory disputes regarding railroads and the issues of federal vs state jurisdiction and given your supervisor ineffective response i think you would be wise to sit down with a local attorney before this becomes a real problem. i asked my boss about this and he said its never been an issue before and only said that the county pay for tickets.