first off i’m in new york state on long island. my great uncle passed away in october 2016 and my uncle was left as a trustee. he stated that everyone was going to get a little something and left it at that. i heard nothing after that until i received a telephone call from a paralegal in mid november 2018. she told me that i had been listed as the beneficiary for my great uncle life insurance annuity and would be sending me some paperwork that could be submitted directly to insurance company. i received the paperwork for insurance company and completed it in its entirety. however it stated that a certified copy of his death certificate must accompany the form. i requested an expedited priority copy of his certified death certificate from the state and it states that it could still take 2 4 weeks to receive. my issue is the letter stated to “return the claim documents by december 9 2018 or have the beneficiary contact us to acknowledge they are working with you on this claim.” i called the number provided stated that i was working with the paralegal on the claim and in the process of obtaining a death certificate and was told that they may not be able to give me more time since his death occurred over 2 years ago and they have to go by state laws and the benefit may be turned over to the state. i explained that i did not receive any paperwork until the end of november so i do not understand how they can expect me get the required documentation in such a short period of time. the person i was speaking to stated that she would have the annuity benefit claims team member on the file call me back which is what i am waiting on. i am hoping this person had no idea what she was talking about but i am very upset. i also called the paralegal and explained the situation in a voicemail and am waiting to hear back from her as well. so i guess my question is can they do this my father does not have a copy of the death certificate and i am really trying to avoid calling my uncle for a multitude of reasons. any advice you can give is appreciated thanks in advance thanks! definitely should have done this from the beginning but i honestly thought that given the wording of the letter as long as i acknowledged i was working on it it would not be a problem to request it on my own. i will ask the paralegal when she calls me back : 