hi i'm looking to open a free online marketplace in a space where there is a single other online marketplace that charges a commission. i want to go into too many details but we can do what they do for free and it worth it for us to do that. so the marketplace is somewhere people can go and buy intangible virtual items from "content creators". not looking to charge a commission and initially how i wanted to set it up was by acting purely as a middleman for the payments and then allowing the people receiving the money to handle their taxes etc. themselves. obviously have built in support for charging vat however i wanted to push that straight through to the content creator for them to handle themselves. also aiming for the ability that we can handle the vat but i'm not sure on the legalities of if we can actually be "middle men" or if we need to handle vat because not taking a commission or getting involved with the payment at all. we simply let people list their asset on our store and provide the downloads when people buy it. thanks for any input too complicated but i see a hole. these two statements emphasis in bold. not looking to charge a commission and initially how i wanted to set it up was by acting purely as a middleman for the payments and then allowing the people receiving the money to handle their taxes etc. themselves. then not taking a commission or getting involved with the payment at all. are you processing payments or not this is pretty much a center part of your business. either providing an online commerce and payment system that has some level of connection to payments or you are separate from the process. we simply let people list their asset on our store and provide the downloads when people buy it. the simplest way to separate yourselves would be to have no payment processing other than linking someone to an external site for it. the seller can then provide an access code via e mail that can be used on your site to allow the buyer to download. the usability may suck there but otherwise involved in payment processing in some way even if it getting invoices that feed into paypal. this seems well beyond the scope of this subreddit. intricate liabilities of an international business be taken lightly. 