our house really have enough room to have him considering he going to be turning 13 very soon. the kid needs his own room he been sleeping on our couch. his mother who is also my boyfriends mother dropped him off and returned except one night where we barely saw her. we want the same things for him to go to school and worry about kid stuff. christmas is coming up and he should be with people who love him and support him. his mother is unfit leaving him in strange places alone where he know anyone she leaves without explaining where she going we assume she doing drugs and earlier today she called and said she was in jail for trying to boost pills. scared to go to cps or dcfs because we want him to go to a foster home. we want to keep him and let him know we love him. she told us that be sleeping on the street if we take him. we want him in her drama. he a good kid we just want to become the legal guardians and legal foster parents for him. it ridiculous what had to go through together and i just want the kid safe and from harms way. any advice would be great. thanks. thank you. you would petition the family court. i fret so much about the space aspect right now. that more important in custody battles where the courts are choosing between two different homes to place the kid in. the options here are no home and brother home. i even be that concerned with cps dcfs involvement here. they are going to prioritize placement with family members first. in chicago. what if we have enough space for him that what scares me. does he need to have his own space will the mother sign over temporary guardianship to you you mention a state but most states have some provision like that. if that work call cps dcfs. they will attempt to place the boy with family before looking for foster care with a stranger and having official paperwork as to your authority makes it much easier to register him for school make medical appointments etc. in many places also be eligible for income support for him which might include cash payments food stamps medical card etc. sorry bad at explaining how would go through getting guardianship of him even if we have the space how can we do this legally with minimal dcfs interference edit: extra question what your question 