i just want to know what legal actions we can take against this abusive kid here the whole story. so my little sister is in fourth grade 9 and recently there been a kid in her class 10 11 who has gone out of his way to target her and bully her. the teacher has punished him multiple times for it but he continues. the teacher is intimidated by the boys father who happened to be tall and loud. after an incident with lots of threats she reported it to the new principle at the school and watching him do nothing she put in her notice. she leaving soon now and today was when it happened. during art class the teacher asked them to line up and the trouble maker tried to jump in the front for whatever reason when the teacher sent him to the back he decided to punch my sister on his way. while my sister a delicate little flower having grown up with two older brothers myself included she does say it hurt a lot and it left a mark. the teacher blew it off since they were transitioning class periods and when my sister told her main teacher she immediately asked the trouble maker what happened and he then proceeded to deny everything and claim it was all an accident. the teacher then just ignored it and moved on. the interesting part here is that my mom your traditional tiger mom works at the school. she learned this happened by other class mates of my sisters coming up to my moms class and telling her what happened. three students admitted to it and my sister knows others saw it and asked if she was other. so my mom wants to do something in the terms of legal actions but i was curious as to what her best approach was. working there she has access to the trouble makers personal file but i’m pretty sure it illegal to take pictures or copy down his address and parents names and such. this being said i’m just a 17 kid who has the best interest in protecting my little sister since i exactly go and intimidate a fourth grader into submission due to well legal reasons. it not the 20th century anymore. sorry for bad formatting if i need to clarify anything let me know! that the bully has other problems is not your problem. the school has a duty to protect the students. call the police. this bullying has now moved to assault. i was trying to name some legal actions available to op as were requested. sorry for any confusion not a lawyer and in no way should anything i said be regarded as actionable advice just legal options. even in the legal remedies which i mention as op and others here have stated some of the available options would probably be "overkill" or inappropriate for this situation. sorry for any misunderstanding. you really know what talking about and everyone reading this knows it. no it is real lol. very googlable term it a pretty interesting specialty and they work with all kinds of education and even education employee issues. one who i was familiar with went into the field after a very long career in education so there can be some overlap. after thinking about it some more i would also remark that an attorney who specializes in education law could be a good fit for someone struggling with this kind of situation. why stop there why not get a lawyer who also has a degree in childhood psychology since living in this fictional world where you think there all these readily available specialized lawyers ready to swoop in to help op mom who can obviously afford all of them on a teacher salary. this is a run of the mill case that any typical attorney that handles civil suits can do but it even reached that point yet because the school has been dealing with up until this last incident. people are reacting strongly to your posts because coming up with these fantastical solutions to a non existent problem. education law are you just making shit up whole cloth because it sounds like you are making shit up whole cloth. i know why you are reacting so strongly and continue to make assumptions and implications about a pretty straightforward comment that taking the matter out of the school such as police and the option of legal assistance is an option in these kinds of situations. never did i say or even imply "get a pro bono lawyer" yet you go on and on about it in fact the term "lawyer up" in my opinion usually tends to imply "prepare to pay a lawyer if needed". op says it is overkill for this particular situation. and you and others also seem to want to keep the issue to the chain of command within the school system and personally i completely disagree with any of that. but knowing that even at a future point if the assaults continue that there are remedies available outside of the school system is a stronger position for anyone facing this kind of situation. after thinking about it some more i would also remark that an attorney who specializes in education law could be a good fit for someone struggling with this kind of situation. yeah i mean the kid probably has trouble at home and is potentially beaten or abused by his own father my guess leading him to these behaviors so he feels like he has some sort of power in life and pushes past punishments because it “worth it” but maybe i’m wrong that just my theory. op got to commend you for being rational and level headed throughout this. i'm so disappointed in the participants of this subreddit whenever it comes to posts like these where commenters even read the post and just throw out extreme measures like calling the police and lawyering up over an elementary school bully. again it very commendable that you can simultaneously want to protect your sister prevent this from happening again but also realize that the bully is just a 10 year old kid. if someone that closely tied to this situation can have that kind of compassion and understanding it a shame we all . eh you may not like it but this child has been physically attacked and tried to get help already and lawyering up is an option. talking to a lawyer might be an option. "lawyering up" right now would be jumping the gun. first op has no damages. next up until the last incident the kid was punished. things like this are a continuing issue if the school is attempting to solve the problem and there no damages not going to have a case. also when dealing with a 10 year old going to have an issue of whether or not the parents are even going to be responsible for the actions of the child because of their age. any normal civil lawyer will handle civil assault cases because assault among all the other civil causes of action is one the easiest ones to litigate. why waste your time specializing in something so simple additionally lawyers just work for free. they'e got bills to pay. the only time they work for free is when there is a sure income source or they decide to do it pro bono. you should never assume going to do it pro bono. there no sure income source here because 1 there no damages and 2 while a school involved the lion share of what happening is happening with a private individual and there no insurance tied to that individual. so even if you could somehow get a judgment they could have no money nor be forced to pay like an insurance company. with all that in mind getting a lawyer involved in this situation is just going to cost op money for nothing. now if we tie all that together and look at this situation from the actual perspective that it just a 10 year old bully in a school setting and not like it some violent maniac that gravely injured op sibling realize your advice is not based in reality and it overkill even by op own assessment. eh you may not like it but some people on this subreddit have a little more knowledge of the law than you and can realistically apply that knowledge to the situation at hand. disclaimer i am not a lawyer. i do not work in north carolina. your state resources online regarding bullying are sparse. #x200b; okay really quickly need to address some other comments: your family can file a police report if they want to there is nothing stoping them. however the police are likely not going to get involved. however he could be adjucated delinquent as he as older than 6 years of age . your school need to it own police officer to manage this situation the school administration e.g. principal assistant principal resource teacher compliance officer etc will be the ones handling this situation. if you family is going to seek a lawyer they would want an education law attorney. do not get a lawyer who does not work in the school system. ideally they should work within your school district. there are education law attorneys who take on bullying cases specifically. if a lawyer gets involved your family will be suing the school administration school district typically for negligence not the bullying student or their family. your mom should absolutely not access and use any information from the child personal file. family education rights and privacy act ferpa protects the privacy of student records. do not approach the kid. do not approach their parents. do not engage with them only engage with the school system. follow the protocol so that your family can escalate the issue further and further up the chain. your parents should meet with the principal and the principal in response should investigate the matter and implement a plan for addressing the bullying. if not resolved or if your family is not satisfied the matter should be taken to the office of your school district superintendent. every school district has a complaint investigation process. you can probably look through your school district website and find this information. your family should compile a chronology of these incidents and the school response or lack thereof. they should familiarize with their school district bullying policies. if the teacher went to the principal and the principal do anything there should be evidence of the incidents being reported and evidence of the principal inactions. look online for your school district bullying investigation and resolution process it will outline the steps that the teacher and administration should have been taking. your parents can hold the school school district accountable for every. single. step. outlined in that document. #x200b; do realize that some school districts do not have a formal investigation and resolution process for bullying. n that case it will get a little more complicated. also if the bullying student has an individualized education plan iep then it going to get complicated. "complicated" does not mean "holy shit your family needs to lawyer up right now and they should not talk to anyone without an attorney present." the first step to take is to schedule a meeting with the principal and address it with them with the chronology and bullying policy in hand. #x200b; good luck. feel free to ask as many questions as you would like. #x200b; #x200b; #x200b; that absolutely true but that would mess up schedule since it is year round. and i think both my mom and sister have tried each track not on purpose but from simply working and doing different positions. the child is only 10 and has been punished by the school every time but this one. i feel like there are other steps between school and police. but there is a record of his actions and punishments the school is keen on keeping those throughout his school career. my current teachers occasionally ask why i was so disruptive as a elementary student at the same school my sister attends now. i got bored sorry they teach too slowly for me . that honestly seems a bit much. i think you can sue over a light jab. granted it not okay he did it but it cause any serious harm overall. it more the principle that he going around doing this and feels like he can continue doing it ignore and brushing off punishment and my family would like to prevent anything worse from happening that could result in my sister seriously getting hurt. she can switch classrooms though unless there only one. true but i doubt the kid will be removed unfortunately. as for my sister she leave the school since my mom works there and i doubt my mother will care to be inconvenienced for that. yeah told her that. but also there no resource officer or so it an elementary school and it happen to have one. granted there is a middle school literally around the corner with one as well as a high school half a block away with one as well. i guess they warranted it been alright to save money. eh you may not like it but this child has been physically attacked and tried to get help already and lawyering up is an option. assault and battery has been mentioned by the op and yes there are lawyers in nc who are qualified and experienced in litigating those charges in particular. involve the police now if only to get a recor started of the abuse and the school being utterly useless in stopping it. okay so that is just my personal feels on that not a lawyer but like to see a lawyer who is fully versed in personal assault and violence if the family decided to pursue their right to take legal action if the assaults continue after being reported. he a 10 year old bully. his actions really rising to to level of needing someone who is "fully versed in personal assault and violence" as if there actually lawyers who devote their practice to civil assault cases. okay so that is just my personal feels on that not a lawyer but like to see a lawyer who is fully versed in personal assault and violence if the family decided to pursue their right to take legal action if the assaults continue after being reported. you could sue the parents or the school or both i think a lawyer who handles domestic violence could be a good fit first what makes you think there a case against either a 10 year old or a school that has punished the 10 year old for bullying her second why do you think a criminal defense attorney would necessarily take a civil case edit to add link to nc state policy on bullies someone needs to communicate to the bully that there is to be absolutely no physical contact and if there is there needs to be a predetermined consequence for the bully. you could sue the parents or the school or both i think a lawyer who handles domestic violence could be a good fit also a police report should probably be filed in the event that a restraining order is advised. one problem is that sometimes in schools the victim is the one who is "punished" by being assigned to a less desirable lunch or class but it is important that the problem is addressed and handled. your parents can and should escalate to the principal and the school board. the best case scenario is not necessarily better supervision from the new teacher but removing one student from the environment either your sister or the troublemaker. that the path i personally would pursue as quickly as possible. your mom can go back to the principal and find out what is going to be done about this. if the principal does not do anything your mom can escalate it up to the school board and so on and so forth. you will very very likely get people on here telling you to call the police. the police are very likely not going to criminally charge a 10 year old for this. if push comes to shove it could be documented in a police report but since this happened on school property the police will refer your mom to the school resource officer school police to do the report. edit working there she has access to the trouble makers personal file but i’m pretty sure it illegal to take pictures or copy down his address and parents names and such. that is a bad idea. make sure the school knows and stay on them. really nothing you can do. document everything. contact parents but you said they are just as bad. document and keep the school aware. gets worst go to the police.