someone told me that the police gave his mom a warning that he needs to start attending school more often. but i think he lying because he is and from what i know in ga you could even drop out if you wanted to at . if asking if this is different because he and he could have dropped out at if met the requirements the answer is no. being of age to drop out means nothing without having actually dropped out. yea but is this the same thing as when a kid go to school enough and his parents get fined or imprisoned. but again he can be truant if he actually dropped out. which he needs his parents permission and a meeting with the school board to do. if his mom allowed him to drop out he can lay that whole argument aside. no i know he do alot of days. but he is and is over the age for dropping out so i would assume he get in trouble for something like that. so the question is more like "is she lying?" maybe. it does appear that homeschooled children in ga are required to attend school for . hours a day days a year and parents are required to report attendance to the local school superintendent. it not impossible that a truancy officer gave a verbal warning. how much school has he missed? has he gone for . hours a day? edit : ga ga ga his mother told him that. but why would he lie about it? i'm saying my opinion on the matter obviously i want him to finish school i am just wondering if what she said was true and if it even makes sense legally. i must admit i'm curious. what is it that you would rather he be doing? like he either really got in trouble he simply want to miss school or he want to ____________ . in the event of the latter why would you rather he __________ than attend his studies? but this seems like one of those things that people think they know but possibly really know this is true for most of the posts here. this is why this is a place for simply giving legal advice. for all i know my local pd has an officer that only deals with truancies. this very well can be true. and you ever find someone who knows for a fact all laws relevant to all locations. for this simple reason it why location is a requirement for all posts. depending on your location laws and law enforcement can vary wildly. are you a cop or do you work in a school? again i promise i'm not trying to be rude. but this seems like one of those things that people think they know but possibly really know this is a large country even a "yes" to the two questions above mean one would have the breadth of experience needed to know what goes on outside of the little pocket they operate out of. i know that i personally confidentially inform others about what police typically do. never shadowed a police officer. never gone into a station and witnessed what they do all day. for all i know my local pd has an officer that only deals with truancies it not like i would have had cause to see him in action since my barely school aged children faithfully attend school every day and i have regular interaction with officers who are performing any aspect of their job duties let alone ones that fall well outside the scope of my own activities. edit: i edited this for clarity. in some in others not. in my local area the school resource officers have no jurisdiction outside of school grounds. this is why i consider them actual police officers because they could not for example pull you over for a traffic citation. either way this is simply arguing semantics and has no bearing on helping op. in most locations the school resource officer is a salaried police officer who applied for the the school “position” as their shift. we are not talking about mall cops here. nothing in the op hinted at the behaviors of their local pd. my advice was simply how typical police act or act however i say it still possible. just that the chances it were an actual police officer are close to but not actually . but what informs you what police in op unstated part of ga get up to? i'm not trying to be rude i'm seriously asking. he is and is taking an online school. and he have to sign anything the police do not typically go out of there way to let the parents of a truant know that the student needs to stop missing school. it possible it a school resource officer but i consider them "police " however op or op mom may . in which case this very well may be the school itself reaching out to the mom warning of many documented absences. school is compulsory in ga up to . here is some information from the same source cited above : under the “compulsory education” laws in georgia children between the ages of and must attend school or a home study program until they graduate although some students may drop out of school earlier . but if they eligible to leave school students who skip too many classes could end up in juvenile court. and parents who make their kids go to school might be fined or even sent to jail. so would the said individual get in trouble for missing days. but this person is and according to his overbearing mother. the police officer told her that she has to meet with the board of education in a week to discuss his condition. she also called it a warning at some point. what are you basing this off of? you can drop out of school at in ga with your parents' permission. there a bit of a process it involves a conference between the child the child guardians and school officials. it really matter that you could drop out at not if you actually dropped out. up until the point that you drop out you can be truant. here is information on truancy in ga and what can happen to students and their guardians : an excerpt: penalties for parents of truant students schools in georgia will notify parents after their children have five unexcused absences in the same academic year. the notice should include information about the possible consequences of truancy. parents and children who are at least years old are supposed to sign a statement saying that received this notice. if the child has another unexcused absence after the notice is sent the parents could face criminal charges for violating the compulsory education laws. the penalties for each offense include fines to up to days in jail and or community service. every unexcused absence following the notice is a separate offense. ga. code § . c . in my experience if you miss a certain number of days the school sends out a letter to the parents to alert them and let them know if the pattern continues they will be contacted by a truancy officer. it is possible the school resource officer reached out to the mother. in this case it could be less about the age and more about the fact he is enrolled in the school and not showing up. dropping out is a difference situation all together. i’m not sure if it the same for everyone but in my school district ca after a student has missed or more school days they are labeled “truant” and parents receive a letter discussing the possible consequence. one of these consequences is appearing in court as school attendance is a parent responsibility. so a police officer giving a warning seem too far fetched to me. he said that they told him his mom had to report to the board of education in a week. the police told him this or his mom said the police told her this? do you get where i'm going with this? he said that they told him his mom had to report to the board of education in a week. 