so looking at buying some property just vacant land out in the county. i'm in madison county alabama there are about 3 trees that are a horrible obstruction of natural light from reaching the rest of the property during mid day that i want to remove along the side near the road. it looks like one of them is dead and about to fall over either onto the property or onto the utility lines. the others far behind either. the trees appear to be growing right on the line where the utility company has a 'right of way' along the side of the road. can i cut those trees down if i buy the property seen a lot of people asking the reverse complaining that the utility company wants to cut down the tree but they want it to stay but have not been able to find an answer to my question. the utility company may cut them down if they are a danger to the lines contact them 1st. definitely was going to be my next thing to do call the utility company and ask "hey is it gonna screw you up if i cut these down " i see them objecting they may only be there because the previous property owner want them cut down or such. before you would take them out be a good idea to check with your local utilities to see if they would have objections. on the property be buying but inside the area or rather right on the edge like half the trunks are on the utility easement. generally road right of ways function as easements i think op was just describing the location of the easement not saying that it in the row. but i agree with everything you said because a utility easement functions the same way. the trees appear to be growing right on the line where the utility company has a 'right of way' along the side of the road. can i cut those trees down if i buy the property most likely you can i.e. assuming it not protected by statute or ordinance etc. . you can do anything you want with your property as long as it interfere with the easement. not a lawyer but a land surveyor not in alabama . generally road right of ways function as easements rather than fee title. this means that in general most property lines extend to the center of the road and the 'public' has an easement right of way to travel along it etc. this means that natural features like trees that are on your property and within the right of way are owned by you and you can do what you want with them as long as it interfere with the public use of the right of way. certain jurisdictions mainly cities may have tree ordinances that require getting a permit before removing large old trees but it sounds like this probably apply to you. i would also caution you from removing any trees that are close to the side property lines unless until you have a survey done and know where the property lines are. are the trees on the property you would buy just in the utility easement or are they on a separate piece of land you would not own 