i went in to get a quick frozen meal from safeway to feed me and a family member when our cousin died. he felt a bit strange after eating it and something told me to check the label and it had expired in 2011. i then contacted safeway went into the safeway i purchased it from to take pictures of the packaging and got a refund. i was contacted by their insurance company i believe and started a claim in october. they just got back to me offering me 300$ but idk if that is sufficient enough to repair this stomach turning issue. i just want to know if i should just take the 300$ and cut my losses or i should actually ask for more and get a lawyer. thanks! no the only legal consequence would be actual damages: what you paid for the food plus the cost of any medical bills time lost from work due to illness or the like. also note that in the us the only food products that carry a legally enforceable expiration date are some kinds of baby food and infant formula and some dairy products in certain states . the dates on frozen meals are voluntary labels and are suggestions from the manufacturer as to when the product will be best. foods kept continuously frozen at or below 0 degrees will remain safe to eat basically indefinitely although taste and texture will eventually degrade. by your own admission your family member got a tummy ache. i dont think punitive damages are appropriate here. this is a concept for serious life threatening situations due to negligence. idk maybe them selling me food that expired almost 8 years ago and in the hopes that the will do a better job preventing this if there consequence. what would be your rationale for getting more than the $300 thank you for the advice i'm just quite angry with the situation and think they should do more to prevent these things. i eat any of the food because i just feel like eating after that day but he did and became mildly sick to it. you have no damages. they should have refunded the price paid for the meal and nothing else. if offered $300 jump at it. i understand. his stomach turning issue does he have a diagnosed medical condition that resulted from consuming expired food 