hi everyone thank you for any help you can provide. on to the case: i rented a car from hertz. a family member i will call warren backed into the rental. it my fault. i called my insurance company they told me the other insurance company warrens would take care of it. family member warren called their insurance and everything was taken care of very quickly. #x200b; then i get a phone call from viking telling me there "a bill in the mail" for me and i owe them \~$900 for a fee purportedly charged by hertz to the effect of "you get charged for declining their insurance and being in 'ownership' of the vehicle at the time of the accident even if it your fault at all." apparently hertz tried to get 'warren insurance to pay and they would not pay and so hertz old' my info to viking in order to get the ebt' collected. #x200b; is this legal at all i never received a bill or any communications from hertz. i called 'warren' who called their insurance and they said their insurance told them to ignore the calls and that it was harassment if they were contacted further. warrens insurance also stated that they would notify the ag if viking attempted to contact warren further about this "bill". again the state is arizona. i live there. #x200b; if there any pii here let me know and take it down immediately. again thank you for your help. i have asked for that to no avail. i will keep trying. thank you. i have called them and they told me to try to get a hold of hertz. i will pursue that and update if there are any changes. pretty much. post in have more info. the rental agreement is the booklet they give you when u get the car. sometimes it printed on the back side of the paper. also the credit card you paid with might have rental coverage as well. ok. what does it mean to validate a debt do they have to send me some kind of official document i will pm you is that ok #x200b; edit: fuck it new reddit layout is annoying. if it is in collections you ignore it without it hitting your credit. no response from you will have the collections agency assume the debt is valid. first look at your rental contract for any fees they are describing. i would also go back to your own insurance if they subrogated referred hertz to warren insurance before you pay anything your insurance should pick up the charge. think your insurance would also fight hertz in court for any “illegal” charges. if they are a collection agency then yes t they can pursue you. your first step is to ask them to validate the debt. ah my bad. viking client services from what i have found on the internet is a company that "buys up debt" from companies like hertz and tries to get someone to pay it i suppose. they are a billing and collections agency. they are a legit company however the legality in question is whether i really have to pay this money since hertz the one charging me for it. my picture is: it seems like hertz has abandoned collecting on this ridiculous fee since warens insurance pay out they said the fee is legal in some states but not in others; az is one of those states that it is not legal in but hertz uses a catch all contract for renters so they try to collect on the fee regardless. it just seems like everyones trying to get a buck. however obviously i am no legal expert thank you again for any help or input. i see i see. thank you for your input! i have called my insurance and they said that they refused to pay that amount. the other insurance warrens insurance said the fee was not legal to be charged and so they did not pay it either. can i safely ignore this bill without any negative effects to my credit am i going to get summoned to court = maybe who is viking exactly it not clear from your story. let me refine: is it legal for viking to charge me for a service they render to me #x200b; edit: can i safely ignore their calls without consequence to add to this: nal but i have seen such provisions in rental agreements for loss of use. op what does your rental agreement say on this also check with your insurance provider to see if they cover loss of use. might also want to check the cc company you used to pay for the rental to see if they cover it. but they have a repaired car now. they have gotten what they were owed. it unclear from your post but it could well be that rental company wants compensation for loss of use of the vehicle for the time while it was being repaired. the other drivers insurance may have refused to pay that. so rental company comes after you to get paid. if you had insurance then your insurance might pay. but since you then you pay. you brought back a damaged car to hertz. you owe them a repaired car matter who responsible.