i used to freelance as a graphic designer and did some work for a lady in 2016 call her poppy. #x200b; we did a few projects together including website layout and some packaging for products. the design is fairly generic it is pink with some fonts and that is about it nothing particularly original. #x200b; this year my wife started to sell a product and we needed a box to protect it for shipping. her brand that i created for her also being pink but quite a bit different. the two brands are in the beauty industry through not competing one is in skin the other in hair. #x200b; poppy emailed me in march this year and raised concern that the box we created looked similar to her brand. i did admit that there were similarities but these intentional and i simply designed it to suit the existing brand and the specs for the packaging. nothing further came from this. her design i never actually created for this product i only made a few minor changes. #x200b; last week poppy emails again expressing concern over a new product we had the released. the product is a water bottle in a pink cylinder box. she says it is identical to a design i did for her being a hair brush in a cylinder box. i explained that the manufacturer for the product included a cylinder box with the product and that again we had just designed according to our brand being pink nothing else is similar design wise apart from similar fonts and being pink they the same font or pink colors the layout is very different and again was never directly copied. #x200b; she then goes on our social media post and tags another company who sells the same water bottles and asks if it is their bottle and for some reason asks if it is boxed. we remove the comment as it seemed to be malicious by tagging a competitor when we are creating content photography advertising for our product. #x200b; i tried to justify why it has come out this way but she seems to think that because we both have pink branded boxes that i for some reason have stolen her intellectual property. poppy went to social media over the weekend for advice and had her "lawyer friends" say that the it is theft of her intellectual property. #x200b; i admit there are similarities but her files were never used for our design nor did we ever try to replicate her design. we simply chose the best design for the outcome which happened to be similar. #x200b; does she have any legal standing with me being involved in two similar brands again the design is pretty generic and it make much sense for me to go and copy her design knowing that she would eventually see it on social media. #x200b; i included images of the products for obvious reasons.