hey guys i recently got in contact with the state justice center due to a patient falsely recording a rape by one of the male staff. this is 100% confirmed to be false but i am the last person that needs to be interviewed. today as i was supposed to go into work at around 9 am the conversation went verbatim like this. l is the lawyer l: you are working at x:xx correct me: yes i am. l: thank you at this point i thought nothing of it. went about my day and then received a call from my boss saying i was canceled at around 1pm. this is normal as i would have been in overtime so my boss just want me to work. i go about my day and around 3:40pm i got a call from my boss saying that the justice center is now proceeding to press charges against me for obstruction of justice. before this point he has been canceling appointments on me left and right. i work a set hour schedule that does not change and have offered him to come at any of those times. if those time did not work i offered to speak to him at the club house where i live where we can get a private room and everything. he has refused all of this. what should i do should i speak to my boss or try in get in contact with the lawyer should i say screw it and go to alaska tl:dr health justice lawyer is pressing obstruction of justice because my work canceled me and i know he was going to be there. what should my next course of action be one retain a lawyer. two do not talk to the health justice lawyer. that your new lawyer job. possibly; at least one law blog from ny makes the claim that cops and das there love to throw around "obstruction" when it meet the criteria or have any case law supporting it so i be super surprised to hear that a pissy prosecutor actually tried to say charge op with obstruction in order to get them to cooperate. so from looking for the exact statute for ny i found a blog talking about how this works in ny and it seems that there is at least some measure of overuse of the charge or threat of the charge of obstruction when it apply. the exact statute is from new york penal code section 195.05 obstructing governmental administration in the second degree: a person is guilty of obstructing governmental administration when he intentionally obstructs impairs or prevents the administration of law or other governmental function or prevents or attempts to prevent a public servant from performing an official function by means of intimidation physical force or interference or by means of any independently unlawful act or by means of interfering whether or not physical force is involved with radio telephone television or other telecommunications systems owned or operated by the state or a county city town village fire district or emergency medical service or by means of releasing a dangerous animal under circumstances evincing the actor intent that the animal obstruct governmental administration. the first degree for those wondering is when you do that by means of interfering with a telecommunications system thereby causing serious physical injury to another person. section 195.07 basically from my non lawyerly reading you needed to have intent to impede his investigation; it sounds like you did not take his question to infer that he was going to come look for you and so did not intentionally evade his questioning of you just that your plans changed. upon reading that your story and that blog post from earlier it sounds to me like a da is just pissy for one reason or another. you should probably call the lawyer back and explain what happened and say that you realize he planned to come interview you at that time and that you got let off early and think about it. ugh sorry that my bad i totally missed the tag in the title. that will also work to fend off locationbot since it ya know valid for your location. other advice still stands but let me see if i can find ny definition of obstruction. federally it specifies you need to intend to obstruct the proceeding ny might be more vague. one sec. i really think that op employer was just talking out of their bum. ny sorry. make it more clear. so because you mentioned alaska as a joke location bot work but your location matters for more specific advice here. if being charged with obstruction you need to consult a criminal defense attorney.