my employer accidentally sent out a company wide email that had my fmla status along with attachments that included medical records notes last 4 of my ss# dob full legal name. feeling very stressed over this as i was informed by a few anonymous employees and was provided partial screenshots to validate what happened. my company has made no attempt to contact me regarding this issue currently on leave due to medical issues . i was informed that another email went out to redact this email however it still shows up in everyone deleted folder when they look in it. apparently hr is trying to sweep this under the carpet quietly hence why they never notified me and the it security team is clearly inept if all my information is still available for anyone to see in the deleted folder. i have received a fraud alert from my financial institution already and frankly freaking out. i know what my legal rights are or if i should get an attorney. i have not contact my company yet but continue to get anonymous info from a few contacts within the company that my information is still openly visible. #x200b; at the end of the day i would personally not feel comfortable going back to my company if i knew my personal and medical private history was leaked out to everyone in the company. everyone would feel like they are walking on egg shells especially management. i am in a bad situation as is with recovering from my medical leave but now having my medical information out in the open along with my personal info and now a fraud alert it feels like a nightmare i wake up from! #x200b; what are the possible legal ramifications do i have any recourse if i decide to not return to work because of this what are you using for a mail server being that part of her actual medical record was included in the email as attachments i would think that the employer failed in that regard under phi. working under a similar situation it uncommon for me to have access to portions of employees medical records. those records were kept separate and be shared with anyone outside of hr in the company for hipaa purposes. yes the claims processing of a self insured health plan would be covered by hipaa but the employment files still be. only the phi gained through the health plan. since op stated this is fmla paperwork i figured why muddy the waters. if the employer is self insured for the medical insurance meaning they get and pay the bills even through a tpa they would most likely fall under hipaa. just wanted to point that out. 125 employees and at least one is already attempting something illegal. i wonder if there any way to find out who on that link it lists innovis as the fourth under credit freeze. i just looked innovis up and it is indeed another cra albeit little known and rarely listed as an agency. hipaa is more for the protection of your health info between healthcare workers and healthcare facilities. they can share your info between each other to give the best medical care. so violations occur when a healthcare entity shares info with a non healthcare entity. two non healthcare entities sharing health info is thus not technically protected. basically hipaa makes it so these entities sell your patient info to drug companies for example. or if you ex decides to call your gp and ask for your records and they give it than thats a violation. but if your best friend tells the book club been diagnosed with the clap that a shitty friend but not a violation. unless she was your nurse at some point during your diagnosis treatment then it is a violation. more than 125 employees in the company yes. your website indicates the three major credit reporting agencies equifax experian and transunion and defines them as a cra independently and that the government will give one free report per year of all three. a fourth cra is not listed there. if i am missing the fourth please list it; for op sake. see i’m not crazy i knew there was more to this. thank you for having constructive feedback is it possible that an employer could be held accountable if ops identity was stolen verifiably because of this your post has been removed for the following reason : bad or illegal advice your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. it is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion misunderstands the fundamental legal question or is advice to commit an illegal act. please review the following rules before commenting further: general rule 8 commenting rules 1 and 3 reddit violent content rule please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. yeah but it still sensitive information being provided with an implication of confidentiality as a requirement for employment continued employment. although unintended they shared the information and left op financial status subject to potential fraud without cleaning up their mess. how could they not be liable if fraud is occurring if i demand your info to elicit your services then i distribute your info to an array of people in my network and lead to financial exploitation then i’m practically extorting you if “there nothing i can do about it.” “you my bitch employee #409 deal with it.” furthermore there a private cause of action available for hipaa violations anyway. all you can do is report it to someone else not get an attorney and pursue your own claims. in addition: employment record the privacy rule does not protect your employment records even if the information in those records is health related. in most cases the privacy rule does not apply to the actions of an employer. if you work for a health plan or a covered health care provider: the privacy rule does not apply to your employment records. the rule does protect your medical or health plan records if you are a patient of the provider or a member of the health plan. nope. covered entities include healthcare professionals healthcare plans healthcare clearing houses and business associates of the above even then i think hipaa would apply automatically — op would have to be a patient of the healthcare provider to be fair this is fairly likely . you and everybody else it seems. seen videos of paramedics telling people filming in public they were violating hipaa. in reality even a medical doctor could share your medical information in some circumstances without your consent and not violate the law. how many people work at your company fwiw i own a business with over 20 employees and i have an employer liability policy that covers potential screw ups like this one. what your employer should have done was notified you that your personal information was exposed and given you the number to their insurance company. the insurance company would help take care of credit monitoring etc. since your employer has decided not to be responsible in reporting the exposure you need legal assistance to get this resolved. your post has been removed for the following reason : generally unhelpful or off topic your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off topic. it either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided please review the following rules before commenting further: commenting rules 1 2 3 4 6 8 and 9 . please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. your post has been removed for the following reason : bad or illegal advice your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. it is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion misunderstands the fundamental legal question or is advice to commit an illegal act. please review the following rules before commenting further: general rule 8 commenting rules 1 and 3 reddit violent content rule please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. your post has been removed for the following reason : generally unhelpful or off topic your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off topic. it either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided please review the following rules before commenting further: commenting rules 1 2 3 4 6 8 and 9 . please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. my first thought: “omg going to make bank”. actually gotten great advice. follow it. get a lawyer and sign anything they give you. the americans with disabilities act ada requires that employee medical records be maintained confidentially and separate from an employee general personnel file. this includes employee medical exams disability benefits claim forms notes from doctors requests for family and medical leave act fmla leave. nope only applies to healthcare providers organizations. it apply to health information shared in other contexts like at work or school. there may be other privacy laws that cover those settings yeah the inept group is whoever sent it out and possibly the email team hardly the security team. there a lot of variables on whether the administrative recall and deletion feature will work. 1. it sucks in general. caching and internet connection can impact it. 2. it a very specific role. it not something that added by default to regular admins so some organizations only find out they have someone trained on it until an incident happens. 3. the admin has to turn off an option in some user mailbox and then restore it. 4. there a size limit on the number of mailboxes you can search and the results you can get. 5. the delete feature does delete it and move it to deleted items. but then it needs purged. so if it a generic email with an attachment and nothing very specific to search by the it staff risks permanently deleting work email. ianal and fyi. here is a brief breakdown of some texas laws . it may be a hipaa violation if employer has +50 employees and sponsors a group health plan. here is a brief breakdown of some texas laws . fun reading. my employer accidentally sent out a company wide email that had my fmla status along with attachments that included medical records notes last 4 of my ss# dob full legal name. at a bigger risk of identity theft than anything else. contact all 4 credit reporting agencies yes there are actually 4 now and freeze your credit. get a pin that need in order to access your credit report and it will prevent anybody from opening an account in your name. also go to the social security website make sure your data is correct and configure "additional security" i remember their exact term . this will make them send you a text message with a pin that need to login each time and means that someone without your cell phone steal your account. as for the medical information while you could sue and might win it not likely that you would end up with anything significant since it was only a single instance and not intentional and you really prove any damage except embarrassment and anxiety. a bigger question is "why does your employer have your medical records " not entitled to have them. you only need to provide enough documentation to prove that eligible for leave. this could be as minimal as a letter from your doctor. if they have test results data or detailed notes this is more than entitled to. i thought hipaa applies to all personal medical info some states have decent privacy rules where this would be covered but for the majority nope. there was a recent decision in a northeast state where basically the same thing happened and it was ruled that the company have to protect data of employees. op described the it security team as inept; not idiots. inept is defined as “without skill or aptitude for a particular task or assignment.” i think that a fairly accurate description. that a violation of fmla. it requires that your fmla paperwork is kept confidential . the department of labor enforces fmla. enforcement of the fmla an employee who believes his or her rights under the fmla have been violated has the choice of: 1. filing a complaint with the secretary of labor; or 2. filing a private lawsuit pursuant to section 107 of the fmla. 825.500 g records and documents relating to certifications recertifications or medical histories of employees or employees' family members created for purposes of fmla shall be maintained as confidential medical records in separate files records from the usual personnel files and if the ada as amended is also applicable such records shall be maintained in conformance with ada confidentiality requirements see 29 cfr 1630.14 c 1 except that: 1 supervisors and managers may be informed regarding necessary restrictions on the work or duties of an employee and necessary accommodations; 2 first aid and safety personnel may be informed when appropriate if the employee physical or medical condition might require emergency treatment; and 3 government officials investigating compliance with fmla or other pertinent law shall be provided relevant information upon request. this is true with imap exchange etc. in a pop3 smtp environment this is not possible once it been downloaded. as others have said it not a hipaa violation. hipaa cover your employee paperwork even if you work for a covered entity. fortunately fmla requires that covered employers maintain fmla paperwork confidential. judging by ops description the company is large enough to be covered. the department of labor handles fmla complaints enforcement. i think it free in texas now too. it used to not be but that changed very recently. “covered entities” aka those who must follow hipaa guidelines include health plans health care providers and health care clearinghouses as well as business associates of the entities. no matter what field you pertain to. the u.s. department of health human services makes a different distinction. ianal but i imagine there is some type of protection in place but take my word on this one . hipaa just that protection. even the link provided by the other poster outlines who is expected to comply with hipaa: covered entities criminal penalties for hipaa violations are directly applicable to covered entities ce including: health plans health care clearinghouses health care providers who transmit claims in electronic form medicare prescription drug card sponsors unless op works in one of these places her company expected to be hipaa compliant. if an entity does not meet the definition of a covered entity or business associate it does not have to comply with the hipaa rules. maybe not hipaa but it an ada violation are there not protections for an employee personal information unless op works in the healthcare field hipaa apply yes definitely get all the proof u can. companies will do just about anything to protect themselves u need to do the same. breach of pii personally identifiable info is a serious offence. i may be mistaken but i think unfreezing your credit is free too. unless it was an it person at your employer who is familiar with the messaging setup i take it as gospel. something might be possible on a platform software but will vary a lot by configuration and the company policies. seen companies freeze deletions for legal reasons—i’m not suggesting that the situation with your company just saying there can be many reasons technical and not that mean a simple task just happen. make it less damaging to you whether their hands are tied or inept though. ianal so bad advice disclaimer but i would contact my company by email home account and tell them you know about the email and you know your personal identifying info is visible in deleted items. possibly mention it came to your attention after a fraud alert. they need to find a solution to remove your personal info jumping through whatever hoops necessary. and talk to a lawyer. you need to freeze your credit with the major credit bureaus asap especially since you have already started getting fraud alerts. you can freeze your credit with these bureaus immediately and for free. they stay frozen indefinitely until you unfreeze them. edit: unfreezing them is free too. see below. freeze with equifax: freeze with experian: freeze with transunion: after you freeze your credit you need to get a credit report. each bureau also offers 1 free credit report per year. the credit report will show if any fraudulent activity has happened since the email was released. if you find any evidence of fraud report it to the bureau that pulled the report and contact law enforcement. collect as much evidence as you can from your coworkers. keep the screenshots. ask them to forward the email to you. preferably ask them to forward the email to you as an attachment so it preserves everything about the email. save the evidence on your computer in your email on your google drive and print a few copies. quitting your job help protect you from fraud. i know it will feel awkward but need the income if you plan on contacting an attorney. edit: ~~in texas the cost of freezing your credit with all three bureaus is $30.83 and the cost of unfreezing your credit is also $30.83. individually all around $10.00.~~ ~~source~~ . edit2: both freezing and unfreezing your credit is free as of september 2018. see "sec.301.protecting consumers' credit" in the link that u crunk daddy supreme posted below. why partial screenshots need more evidence. have them forward the email to you. freeze your credit and get an attorney right away. this makes sense. i'm inheriting our exchange environment so this has giving me a little fuel to the fire that is my motivation to learn exchange thanks for the info this too for example i'm not an exchange guy but guess what i manage yeah exchange. the person that set it up was an exchange admin but the world of it seem to keep the same people around for very long. there no reason to discriminate in this case so just use get mailbox to get all the mailboxes then foreach over all of them to delete. there might be a faster or more efficient way before it fully delivered but once it in people mailboxes just hit 'em all. not all enterprises use the same grade of licensing or have dlp data classification rules enabled and i can guarantee most have a dedicated admin to respond to incidents like this. even when they do it prevent malicious actors from taking screenshots copy pasting forwarding including auto forward rules to external addresses. this is all assuming the exchange o365 suite was setup according to best practices which a number of client sites worked at have not been. freeze your credit file. i see this allows me to search but how i’m reading it wildcards are not acceptable in the identity meaning have to manually select the users. it been a while since i was an exchange email admin so i could be wrong but i see another redditor has a proprietary script they run to do this probably using this command with some additional scripting. more to do with it been some years since i was an exchange email admin. clearly i’m a little rusty. my bigger frustration is the assumption that all it people are idiots when they do something perceived as simple but can actually be complex or have a greater impact the end user thinking of. as an actual it security analyst soc analyst this true in all cases i guess ops company is lacking some abilities. i can pull 1000 emails read or unread in a few minutes with a proprietary script we have all i need is the sender subject and recepients. no manual deletion required. it would be incredibly dumb for us to have an email system that does not allow the fast removal of malicious emails from inboxes if the user has already read them especially when you target an ongoing campaign and have to pull as quickly as you can while blocks are being put in place to get them out of user inboxes before the users can interact with them. =exchange ps \ edit changed to better link. be interested in seeing the script as i seen that work before. i know when i tried in the past it was required me to do each user individually. if just got a few users no big deal. if you have a few hundred or thousands that would be a giant pain in the ass if you have access to the email server then you should be able to remove a specific email from all mailboxes rather easily. done that in exchange several times for other reasons with just a couple powershell commands. that really odd as i was under the impression by another it security person that they should have the ability to clear it from the server and script it to simply empty the deleted inbox or target that specific email in the deleted box for removal. fwiw from an it professional that by no means makes your it staff incompetent. email redaction is incredibly dependent on time as soon as someone opens the email it cannot be redacted. they would literally have to manually go into every single users mailbox and delete that email. now there are several other reasons they could be useless but what you described is an issue with the way email works not the it staff. two words: employment attorney. you may very well be able to sue.