this situation is full of details and things so i’m going to try to summarize and if someone is kind enough to offer any advice be happy to answer any questions. i had to leave work for a medical condition. i was out for almost a month and a half. my company has a third party disability company that it works with to approve medical leaves. had medical leaves before and have not had the trouble i’m having now. i was late submitting my paperwork to the disability company by a few days. in the past this has not been a problem. the company has an appeals process and my paperwork has always been late doctors offices always understand the urgency . the appropriate paperwork was submitted and waited for approval. meanwhile my doctor provided a note that indicated i was able to return to work. that was 45 days or more ago. my hr department tells me that returning to work is a decision made by my local bosses and not the company at large. my boss will not return my phone calls or emails. the last time i heard from him was right before thanksgiving and he apologized and said he had a death in the family and that was the reason he followed up. he promised to follow up right away. he . it been a week. meanwhile the disability company called me this afternoon and told me that my claim be approved because i returned to work yet. i hope my predicament is clear. my company allow me to return to work which is their prerogative to my understanding and the disability company provide my company with a medical approval because i returned. i spoke with a lawyer on the phone but she sound confident about anything. she offered with a thousand dollar retainer to send a letter to my company asking for details but she wanted me that that could be an expensive and ineffective move and at a time when i have no income my money might be better spent elsewhere. i’m totally lost. i’m still an active employee and even collecting my stock and health benefits but i cannot make income because well i’m not really sure. my company sort of refuses to tell me what happening at all. i assume this is all pretense for terminating me. in the past my company has terminated other people with medical leaves under the term “self termination” which means i even be able to collect. yes eventually i read the writing on the wall and started looking for other income unsuccessfully . i have so many questions. i have no idea if this is proper or it . i might be barking up a tree here but i have no idea. any thoughts i mean even if it ‘get that lawyer’ or ‘cut and run’ thanks so much for reading. i sincerely appreciate it. reposting this because thepatman thinks it not useful to give advice about unionizing: i'm very sorry about what happened to you. also been a victim of employers punishing people for being sick so i understand exactly what going through. i just want to say what no one around here will tell you employers know the legal loopholes and actively find reasons to get rid of people who take too much sick time. there not much people like us can do probably because they think "taking advantage" of them. lawyers bother with cases like these. only advice i can offer is to think like them keep track of all their mistakes unethical behavior crappy work conditions etc. because be doing the same to you and all other employees that they suddenly decide they want anymore. talk to coworkers who might have gone through similar situations and consider organizing unionizing. i know this is probably not the response you were looking for but i also know how deafening silence can be for people who reach out for help here. stay strong and know not alone. hopefully our society will eventually correct our "work to death and complain" mentality but the only way get there is by arming ourselves with information and being aware of how much employers companies are allowed to get away with. i'm very sorry about what happened to you. also been a victim of employers punishing people for being sick so i understand exactly what going through. i just want to say what no one around here will tell you employers know the legal loopholes and actively find reasons to get rid of people who take too much sick time. there not much people like us can do probably because they think "taking advantage" of them. lawyers bother with cases like these. only advice i can offer is to think like them keep track of all their mistakes unethical behavior crappy work conditions etc. because be doing the same to you and all other employees that they suddenly decide they want anymore. talk to coworkers who might have gone through similar situations and consider organizing unionizing. i know this is probably not the response you were looking for but i also know how deafening silence can be for people who reach out for help here. stay strong and know not alone. hopefully our society will eventually correct our "work to death and complain" mentality but the only way get there is by arming ourselves with information and being aware of how much employers companies are allowed to get away with. 