 outline: relocated to colorado to help a friend get a new business off the ground accepted a job back home in new york and purchased a co op seller just finished an amicable divorce and is renting the apartment to her ex renter is to relocate for work in early 2019 i am asked if be willing to keep him on as a tenant till then this arrangement fits my time frame allows me to recoup co op expenses while i am still bound to my lease in co i have a lease drawn up ending \~8 weeks before my job in ny begins 1 7 and 3 4 respectively tenant is arrested for soliciting a mino of child pornography is freed on bond but subsequently loses his job tenant is now refusing to vacate or pay rent i suggest a cash for keys deal to cover my ass tenant refuses cites difficulty length of eviction process in ny as leverage makes vague threats about damaging the property intimates that on paper he has no cash or assets tenant mother contacts me pleading for an extension to his lease asking for sympathy for tenant mental health tenant mother is told not to contact me responds by threatening to "make sure everyone knows how i am callously i am treating her son while he is trapped in a terrible situation that has had such a terrible impact on his mental health" i am now a month away from a cross country move that i have already made arrangements for i understand that my legal option is to evict expenses i will incur while waiting out eviction process are not insignificant logistical complications associated with waiting out eviction process are severe \ legal questions: in general what the fuck do i do here to mitigate my losses what complications can i expect when attempting to sue someone who will likely be facing a concurrent criminal trial or has already begun serving their sentence even without considering expenses related to the move tenant will have eclipsed the nys small claims limit of $5 000 after three months of non payment. will this lead to any additional complications can i sue for expenses incurred due to his refusal to leave by agreed upon date this would potentially include fees associated with rescheduling services related to the move my own housing costs and storage for items that i may not reasonably be able to keep at a short term rental. any sort of lifting puts me at risk of aggravating an old spinal injury. as such i am paying to have pretty much everything done by professionals including things that might be considered "my choice" to hire somebody for instead of doing myself. will this impact my ability to claim rescheduling cancellation fees as damages in any way what can be done to get ahead of any damage tenant has done may do between now and his removal from the premises what are my rights as a landlord to send somebody as my agent to inspect the apartment for damage quantify any damage done between now and his removal if tenant is sentenced to jail time what do i need to do about personal belongings that he may leave in the property while i do not anticipate any real issues as a result of the tenant mother threats like to get in front of it in case she follows through and is less than honest. my inclination is to file a police report but i know that they are not terribly likely to take action in this sort of "no crime has been committed yet" situation especially if the report is made over the phone. as such i was planning to let that go till i speak with an attorney but that process is taking a while so i'm starting to think that i should just call to start a paper trail. is this a reasonable approach any other advice about things that i may not have considered would be appreciated. \ full background this section is pretty much only being written because i feel like putting it all down in front of me will help organize data the sequence of events in a manner that could be helpful in the seemingly inevitable lawsuit. writing everything down also seems like it could be cathartic so there that. this is going to be long so feel free to ignore it; i believe that all pertinent information should be in the above outline but i am happy to give more succinct answers to anything that will appear below but was not listed in the outline. that said if you enjoy the feeling of secondhand indignation that comes with reading some of the horror stories that people post on this forum well i never hoped have have my own to share but since i do have fun with it. for clarity be referring to the wife seller as sue her ex my tenant as tom and my fiancée as faith. \ in 2013 a close friend of mine who had relocated from our home state of new york to colorado started a business and asked if be interested in spending some time out there to help him get it off the ground as parts of my skill set filled most of the gaps in his own. just gotten out of a long term relationship and was working at a job that i hated so it was a perfect opportunity to reset and reassess and i took him up on his offer. after getting settled in i got into a post graduate program that would allow me to transition to a different part of the field been in back home which would pay better and involve much more intrinsically rewarding work. that said i fell in love with colorado met and proposed to an incredible woman who happened to be from upstate ny and enjoyed the work i was doing at my friend company so after finishing my degree i basically stuck to applying for "dream job" situations and only those that would keep us in co or send us back home to ny. earlier this year i was offered an interview for one of those dream job situations back in ny. the interview went incredibly well and i was offered the position. the company gave me the option of starting immediately in an existing department in nyc or heading up an expansion of that department in the northern suburbs which would start in march of 2019. given the logistics of moving back home the opportunity i saw in running a new department from day one instead of stepping in to lead an existing one and my desire to help hire train transition my replacement at my friend company in co i opted for the latter. shortly afterward i flew back to ny to meet face to face with some of the people at the new job start the process of purchasing a co op and introduce faith to my enormous ridiculous extended family. the process of finding a co op went much faster than we expected we found a place we loved and had our offer accepted before flying back to co. the company be working for and the coworkers be interacting with on a day to day basis immediately looked to be a perfect cultural philosophical fit. to top it all off my family and faith decided that they liked each other more than they liked me within a couple of days of meeting. everything seemed like it was headed toward a best case scenario and we flew back to co to start taking care of any loose ends and preparing for the move. this september while we were waiting for the attorneys to do their thing with the contract so we could get the board application going my agent was contacted by the seller attorney about a potential complication. the previous owners are a recently divorced couple; the seller sue was the sole shareholder in the co op and had purchased an apartment in nyc that she was already living in. her ex tom was "renting" the co op from her while waiting for a transfer to an office his company had on the west coast. there was some kind of hold up with the transfer he be starting his position out there till the beginning of the new year so tom was basically going to be in a holding pattern in his current position in ny. as such sue attorney asked if be willing to let tom continue to rent the apartment till his new position started. i was in a pretty good position to understand how complicated the logistics of combining a long distance move and starting a new job position can be and having to move locally only to then move across the country a few months later sounded like a nightmare. faith and i planning to move till early january so i agreed to let tom stay till then provided he was willing to meet a few conditions. first was signing a market rate lease his agreement with sue was informal and involved him covering the maintenance second was treating the situation as if he was a prospective tenant and going through the usual process of a credit check and whatnot i know what i legally could and include in this so i just gave my criteria to my realtor and let him handle it; everything was on the up and up and third was the co op board signing off on the arrangement they were fine with it as been living there for over a decade without issue . the arrangement looked good it let me recoup the maintenance fees have to pay while still living and paying rent in co plus make a few bucks on top of it and still have plenty of breathing room between beginning the move back east and starting my new job. fast forward to last week. i get a call from tom in which i am informed that he run into some legal trouble which resulted in him losing his job. he very matter of factly tells me that he be able to move by the agreed upon date and that since all of his savings will now need to be put toward fighting the charges against him i should not expect to be paid any rent. "he sorry but this is his reality and there nothing to be done about it." now i have no interest in getting fucked over on this lease but my pragmatic side kicked in and told me to look at the big picture getting him out in time to move and get settled in before starting my new job is really the only thing that matters. as much as i wanted to go ballistic on the guy for not only the situation but the manner in which he was presenting it as something just have to suck it up and deal with i feigned sympathy for his situation and offered to hire a moving company as well as negotiate a percentage the first three months of rent once he finds a new place. tom responds by suggesting i put that money toward a rental for myself as he see any way be able to move while dealing with the legal issues he got going on. i explained to him that my offer was more than fair and that the only other option i could see was starting the process of getting him evicted. he said that fine but he knows how hard it is to get somebody evicted in new york and that he could "cause much bigger problems for me" while i am stuck waiting that out and that be out way more money because he got nothing to sue for. i took this as a threat to damage the apartment told him that any further communication should be done in writing through my attorney and hung up the phone. from there i immediately called my attorney to fill him in on the situation and ask what my next step should be. he was sympathetic and absolutely livid on my behalf but told me that since he is semi retired and that it been years since he done anything aside from dealing with the occasional transaction he think that be my best option for representation in this type of situation. he said email me the contact info for a few lawyers who would be better suited to getting everything squared away and wished me good luck. while my attorney and i were talking i ignored a call from sue so i called her back as soon as we were off . she was absolutely hysterical and apologizing over and over again for putting me in this situation and saying what a piece of shit tom is. i told her it not her fault and that i knew there would be risks inherent to becoming a temporary landlord and asked if she knew anything about tom situation and here where the fun begins. the details were pretty thin and honestly i really want to know any more than she told me because murdering my tenant feels like it would be a step or two worse than a self help eviction. it turns out tom got picked up for soliciting a minor online and that a pretty serious collection of child pornography was found upon his arrest. without giving too many specific details the job i had before the one i left to move to colorado involved supporting adolescent victims of sexual violence and the one i'm starting in march is not too dissimilar but a few rungs up the ladder. to be blunt tom went from a thorn in my side that i just wanted out of my apartment to the absolute scum of the earth over the course of a few seconds. in all honesty at this point a big part of me would be happy to pay for any damage he causes in the co op provided i am guaranteed that the situation is resolved by tom being murdered or killing himself in prison. that is a little bit overwrought but i think i have ever been this angry in my life and like i said i am writing this whole mess out as a way to vent. i wish that this was the " been in touch with a couple of the people my attorney referred me to but " paragraph but unfortunately this is not the case. i got a call from an unfamiliar number the day after finding out about all of this and figured it would be either one of the attorneys reached out to or tom calling from another phone which want to confirm and document since told him not to contact me. nope it was tom mother. she was vacillating between asking how i could be heartless enough to kick her son out when he going through such a difficult time and pleading for me to let him stay in the apartment because "he lost everything else that matters to him." i told her not to contact me and hung up the phone. a couple of hours later sue called me again. she wanted to let me know that spoken to tom mother and to give me a rundown of the conversation. apparently some mental health issues that tom dealt with when he was younger have popped back up in a big way specifically bipolar disorder so her ex mil asked her to reach out to me in an effort to curry some sympathy or something. sue played along because from her perspective the least she can do is gather intel for me. i told her that i appreciate the sentiment but i want her getting dragged into this any more than she can avoid but frankly i just want to minimize my exposure to tom family drama and focus on the legal issues ahead of me. she understood but the last thing she wanted me to know is that tom mother basically said that if i follow through with trying to evict him she going to do everything she can to "make sure everyone knows how i am callously i am treating her son while he is trapped in a terrible situation that has had such a terrible impact on his mental health." i expect any serious professional or social consequences for trying to evict a pedophile for non payment and refusing to vacate at the end of his lease but i also necessarily expect her to be honest about the situation if she starts shouting about it from the hilltops. so yeah as it stands right now i have touched base with a couple of attorneys neither of which will be able to fit me into their schedule. i'm waiting to hear back from a few others but would like to get a very broad lay of the land so i have some idea what to expect and what actions i should or should not take before retaining counsel. thanks in advance and be a landlord. also contact the ausa us marshal i am assuming these are federal charges in charge of his case — inform them of the living situation. if he is out on bond he likely has very very strict living reporting requirements. typically living situations where someone has vouched for his lack of internet lack of proximity to children and his inability to cause further harm while awaiting formal proceedings. depending on the conditions he could be in violation of some and be ordered to await trial in detention — which limits the damage he can do to your place. thanks so much for the response. take a while but there is no faster path and the faster you do this the less spend on alternative housing while you get your tenant out. i am prepared for this and as much as the situation bothers me the money itself is not a particularly big deal. the co op purchase was a cash transaction with no mortgage so i am only paying the monthly maintenance. the entire plan was actually to just live in this co op for a couple of years while we figure out the wedding stuff and life in general she going back to school before purchasing a house. i was actually planning on keeping it as an investment property and subletting but after this experience i am leaning toward it becoming a graduation present for a younger cousin of mine in a few years. i sort of tried to dance around this in my post this is one of those "it more the principle than the money" situations; i made some smart read: incredibly lucky investments in my twenties and am not at any risk of financial hardship as a result of this situation. to that end: but if your tenant has no income no assets and is in jail it may be a futile gesture. i like to think of myself as a rational and forgiving person but in certain situations i have a vindictive streak a mile wide. i fully intend to sue this guy for everything i can get away with so he got a judgement hanging over his head on top of whatever residual legal issues he got to deal with when his current situation is resolved. ignore her entirely honestly. even if she does start trying to smear your name defamation suits are expensive and time consuming and the real impact of someone smearing you for evicting a deadbeat tends to be low. this is more or less what i thought and honestly i want to give this woman the benefit of the doubt. i'm sure it an incredibly painful situation for her as well so while i appreciate her lashing out and making threats i can at least try to be understanding of what might be going through her head. i just wanted to make sure i'm not spacing on anything that could potentially case serious trouble for me down the line. it bullshit that you need to pay for this this is true but life fair i can take the hit without any real impact on my life. my attempt to keep this in perspective is that the real bullshit is the impact on any kids he may have hurt or those whose pain he contributed to less directly by way of consuming cp. again thanks for the response and sorry for the rambling reply to it. i have a lot to process at the moment and just getting some of it out has already been very therapeutic. e: typos and brain farts in general what the fuck do i do here to mitigate my losses you start the eviction process as soon as your tenant falls delinquent on rent. that means notice to cure or quit promptly and as soon as the deadline passes file in the city tenancy courts for an eviction. take a while but there is no faster path and the faster you do this the less spend on alternative housing while you get your tenant out. what complications can i expect when attempting to sue someone who will likely be facing a concurrent criminal trial or has already begun serving their sentence this actually change things much other than making it marginally more likely your tenant will miss court dates or ask for continuances to reschedule things. can i sue for expenses incurred due to his refusal to leave by agreed upon date yes. but if your tenant has no income no assets and is in jail it may be a futile gesture. what can be done to get ahead of any damage tenant has done may do between now and his removal from the premises contact your insurer and ask what cost to get a policy that covers damage due to tenants. expect the premiums to be quite high but there little you can do about that. you recover the premiums from your tenant. while i do not anticipate any real issues as a result of the tenant mother threats like to get in front of it in case she follows through and is less than honest. ignore her entirely honestly. even if she does start trying to smear your name defamation suits are expensive and time consuming and the real impact of someone smearing you for evicting a deadbeat tends to be low. any other advice about things that i may not have considered would be appreciated. nyc eviction process is fiddly enough that want an attorney. it bullshit that you need to pay for this but spend less than if you try to navigate this without help from another state.