we started this lease back in august. all of us 6 signed the lease and scanned and emailed it to the landlord. the landlord did not sign the lease before he gave it to us to sign and has not sent us a copy of the lease signed by all parties him and us . on this lease we are all "jointly and severally" responsible. the landlord did not ask for a security deposit. one maybe two of my roommate is trying to move out before the end of the lease may . one is trying to cover their room with someone from craigslist. i do not feel comfortable living with a random person i know. #x200b; i know if they leave and pay rent one option is to pay their portion and sue them later. #x200b; questions: #x200b; 1. is the lease valid does the landlord have to provide us with a copy of the lease signed by all parties within a certain timeframe 2. i cannot afford to pay their rent and sue later is there anything preemptive i can do other than talk to them 3. can a new tenant be added to the lease without my agreement or does everyone responsible for the lease have to agree to add a new person and remove an old one #x200b; let me know if you need any clarifying information. alright thats what i figured he could do but sure if there were laws that a signed lease has to be provided to tenants within x amount of time. #x200b; also are lawyers involved in this type of case cause my roommate comes from a family of lawyers so if i have to take it to court ill probably get screwed. your issue op is that the landlord could essentially sign backdate the lease assuming that he she already signed it if you ask him her to produce it. this is why i'm giving you the advice that you and your roommates should operate under the assumption you have a valid lease. in the case of 1 if i went to sue them for breaking the lease would they have broken the lease though thats my concern with the unsigned lease since if it valid to a court then i sue them for breaking it. 1 you should consider the leave to be valid 2 if you can get it in writing via email would be great that moving before the end of the lease that is ideal. 3 everyone on the lease roommates and landlord must agree to any modifications to it.