pipe that is connected to all of my toilets empties out onto the side of my house and i only now know after stumbling upon a 5 foot long puddle filled with fecal matter toilet paper and everything else you would expect. can i take legal action for failure to inform and this seeming like an incredible health violation unless its in arkansas i had read before that oklahoma was i think the only state that have an implied warranty of habitability attached to every lease but apparently that changed! %20powers%20note%20blu1.pdf as of june 30th 2009 an oklahoma supreme court effectively brought oklahoma out of the dark ages and it now the duty of residential landlords to “to maintain the leased premises including areas under the tenant exclusive control or use in a reasonably safe condition.” since a giant pile of poop in the backyard a "reasonably safe condition" the landlord is in breach. =fnwmz and also call your local housing authority code enforcement. it almost certainly in violation. be prepared to move out and sue your landlord though. the kind of asshole that would rent out a property like that is also the kind of asshole that would put the screws to you legal or not. direct experience with this; i am an active insurance agent and have seen this on home inspections in underwriting. the septic tank or being tied to city sewage is not optional and a direct violation of the county or city codes absolutely. they the owners can be fined and will be forced to make the neccessary repairs on the home or face the home fined and ultimately condemned. this is also violating numerous things regarding proper disposal of organic waste and environmental rules. argue that op paid full rent on the place with the implicit understanding that it would be up to code and that it would not be a health hazard or at least that the owner would not be wilfully exposing them to health risks. be seeking to get the rent i paid back as a starter. fair enough but my suggestion was just another route for getting someone out there to light a fire under the landlords ass. if my lay person reading is correct moving now just risks a judge saying op be able to recoup any costs incurred and still owes rent. it not like moving now is out of the question but it just adds some risk. yes. hence my first suggestion being to call the local board of health. but until it deemed uninhabitable op does not appear to have any damages. they may be able to ague damages of reduced rental value %20and%20tenant%20act%20update.pdf under section 121. but technically op have a problem until discovering the improper sewage issue. and also technically it looks like op pursue that until after he given the ll notice. there an argument that the ll had constructive notice that the sewer hookup was defective. but this pulls you into "get an attorney" land. hence my follow up what does op want contact code enforcement for your city and also the oklahoma department of environmental quality unless ok has some really shitty building codes this is undoubtedly a code violation and no functioning sewage system probably makes the place uninhabitable. the lease is void when the state deems the home as uninhabitable. i would suggest contacting your local board of health for starters. what are your damages and what do you want to get are you seeking to break the lease if yes see this =tjsdv .