i will try to make this as comprehendible as i can. in april 2011 my dad was murdered in his home in iowa. his body was found 2 3 days after his death laying on the floor in a spare room that was used for storage. he was naked and had a vacuum cord wrapped around his throat that had been cut off a nearby vacuum cleaner. the police said initially it was "the typical auto erotic asphyxiation" case and ruled it an accidental death. some background my father lived alone on a 7 acre ranch out in rural iowa. after my mother and him divorced in 2006 he started hanging around meth heads. anyways the situation made no sense to us with him being in the storage room with dirty wooden floors as opposed to his bedroom that was one room over or in any of the remaining 3 bedrooms . i was in the army at the time and only had a week to deal with everything. my sister who was 16 at the time and was very close to my dad started talking to everybody. eventually some people mentioned to her that this guy who we will call person a had gotten drunk and bragged about choking a guy to death the previous week. my sister went and had a conversation with said guy without him knowing who she was and after some probing he boasted about doing it. it should be noted this guy is a drug addict. well the police said they use it since he know he was being recorded. they said they were sorry but there was nothing they could do. this is a small town 10 000 people but is not limited in resources by any means. two months later a good friend of mine heard the same guy bragging in the bar drunk that he had killed my dad. i close to my dad at that point and had already lost two of my closest friends in afghanistan and iraq so emotionally i just feel like pursuing anything since the case had been closed. fast forward 11 years to today. i am not going to try to explain the personal connections as it is confusing but the person living in my father old house person b got invited out to go fishing with a rural neighbor he know. he accepted since they were neighbors. while they were fishing the guy person c got drunk and told this man that he and his brother person a in 2011 had broken into person b property my dads old home and choked the owner to death. the current owner person b was semi traumatized and called and told his friend about it. his friend happened to be friends with my sister and she eventually put the pieces together. person b does not know my sister and did not know my dad. it was pure luck that his friend he told happened to be friends with my sister. my question is what can i do i think a good starting point would be to get the entire police report something that i never saw i was just told they ruled it an accidental suicide and see what the police did. i have always known he was murdered and we were fairly certain we knew who it was person a but not we have a separate person admitting it too who happens to be person a brother. i am reaching out to some friends who are detectives in the state to seek advice but reddit is usually very helpful from what i have seen. any input is appreciated because while i am not too emotional about it this incident almost destroyed my younger sister and i want her to have closure. tl dr: dad was killed in 2011 and we suspected it was a murder. police ruled it an accidental death despite someone admitting to people he killed him. today december 1st 2018 i found out that that person brother bragged to the current owner of my dad old house he and his brother murdered my dad in 2011. what the police are supposed to do and what they end up doing always the same. especially in cases where there any pressure being applied to solve a nearly decade old crime. i'm not suggesting that op go vigilante or try to act as an amateur investigator i know that i would have suggested the sister try and catch him on tape but i do think reaching out to officials who the local department is perfectly reasonable and should be pursued. statute of limitations start until the plaintiff knew there was a wrongful death. there an argument to be made about when they really "knew." if the police consider it how could they be considered knowing if there is someone in the family that has standing to sue and know about the theory yet their statute of limitations even started. lol what they are supposed to do. city council member is more appropriate as police usually fall under city jurisdiction but it hurt to contact as many elected officials as you can. the current senior officer for the pd there is one of the officers that was involved originally. he have much to do with anything though it was the detective who handled everything and made all the decisions not sure where he is now . the pd officer who was there though was very empathetic and i have always gotten along with him. my plan is to reach out to him tomorrow to inquire about this. and that the only copy does she remember who she gave it to because that really fishy that they said it was illegal and inadmissible but still took the recording but charge her with wiretapping or anything despite saying it was illegal. which it is actually not illegal in ia. be willing to bet that recording is long gone. police took it in 2011. it was a digital recorder. does she still have the recording will do. two of them have also volunteered to talk to police in court etc too. and get everyone that heard them brag to write their statement on paper. why do you think iowa is a two party consent state correct as well as the further replies iowa is a one party consent state so this an illegal recording but even if it was the evidence can be admitted since it the government collecting it. they would likely agree to a no prosecution agreement with the person doing the illegal recording too. but again that for a two party consent state. this is both admissible and legal. there is no statute of limitations on murder. sounds like a tip for the fbi. everyone loves a good news story about corrupt small town police headed to federal prison. your post has been removed for the following reason : bad or illegal advice your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. it is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion misunderstands the fundamental legal question or is advice to commit an illegal act. please review the following rules before commenting further: general rule 8 commenting rules 1 and 3 reddit violent content rule please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators =%2fr%2flegaladvice . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. i am not a lawyer. it appears to be legal to record a live conversation if you are one of the people in it. call the da. summary of statute : iowa has two sets of similar statutes dealing with the interception of oral telephonic or electronic communications. both laws bar the recording or interception of such communications by means of any mechanical or electronic device without the consent of at least one party. the state prohibits disclosure of the illegally intercepted contents of such communications. violators can face both civil and criminal penalties. in person conversations: iowa electronic and mechanical eavesdropping statute makes it a serious misdemeanor for a person to overhear or tape a private conversation to which that person is not openly present and participating or listening unless consent to record is given by at least one of the parties. iowa code ann. § 727.8. under the state “interception of communications” statute it is a class d felony to willfully intercept the contents of a confidential oral conversation. the statute however expressly permits the recording through the use of any device by either a party to the conversation or with the consent of at least one party so long as the recording is done absent any criminal or tortious intent. iowa code ann. § 808b.2. i agree. she is 100% staying out of everything now hence why i was asked to look into it. and by look into it i mean as a pi i mean as being the person who talks with law enforcement etc. i do have a direct line into the state da office but i want to try to exhaust all options before potentially wasting their time. that is a good point. i want to first be able to be confident that this a coincidental case of two low lifes bragging about something just to look tough. but that is an interesting option. thank you! yeah def do that. you know theres no statute of limitations for murder right the police are being lazy. they may not be able to help you personally however they can pass the recording on or help you get in contact with the investigator on your dads case you could look into suing person a for the wrongful death of your father. it a lower standard of evidence than a criminal conviction and i the end he would owe money to your father estate but not go to jail. but it could also bring some closure having a court say he was responsible and having to at least face some sort of justice. if you were to succeed it possible it could prompt a criminal investigation into them as well. this is similar to what happened in the oj case he was found not guilty in the criminal court but the victims family successfully sued him. it might be too late however i know what the statute of limitations is i think your state but sometimes it only begins when you know who is responsible. if that something you want to persue need a lawyer to handle it. they will often give you a free consultation to discuss whether it worth persuing and the costs of it. iowa is one party consent. the recording is not illegal. nal but iowa is a one party consent state which means only one party to the conversation must give consent to the recording. iowa code ann. sec. 8088.2 2 c ; iowa code ann. sec. 727.8 “ an individual has the right to record or disclose the contents of an oral electronic or telephonic communication that they are a party to or if one of the parties has given prior consent to the recording of said communications.” here your sister is a party to the conversation with the dude that bragged about doing it so they should be able to use it. that strange that the cops would say they use it. ooh i missed that. i'm just curious what evidence was obtained illegally i would figure someone admitting to the crime would be about as legal as it gets as others have said the state police would also be able to investigate. you could even discuss it with the sheriff of the county where it occurred. the person most likely to get results if he tells the police he wants more info about what happened is the da. if you can get a meeting with them present what you know and if they think there any chance of making a case they'l get the police to look into it. also i know your sister is 10 years older and we all do dumb things at 16 but if she know better now tell her. investigating a murder especially as ham handedly as trying to elicit a confession while wearing a recording device is the sort of thing that turns one murder into two. again it happened so long ago that it not worth it to chastise her here and any of us could make bad decisions in such an emotional situation but it was a really poor course of action especially in a two party state where she risked her life to collect inadmissible evidence. and for yourself too remind yourself not batman. it perfectly fine to put pressure on the proper channels here it okay to hire a private investigator to help review the case and perhaps present new leads in a way that the police can use but let yourself chase this to your own detriment. again up against two known murderers who are the crazy stupid enough to brag about it type. and there are a lot of ways you could end up being the one in jail if you go about an investigation the wrong way. you in jail for harassment or trespassing help anyone. edit to remove a comment i made where i also mentioned op stay on the right side of wiretapping laws because assumed from his statements in the op that he was in a two party consent state. iowa statute of limitations for a wrongful death claim is 2 years from time of death so a civil suit for the murder does not appear to be an option. a private investigator might be able to help you put together something more compelling. or could waste your money. read reviews. you could try going to the state police. call your senator and representative. they are good at applying pressure to get the ball rolling with le. no matter what i will pass along everything i gather to them because that is what police do i get that. problem is when he died they seem to investigate anything. they ask my sister mother or me any questions. the only time they spoke with us was to tell us it was an accidental suicide. so my confidence in them investigating now is lacking. the best you can do is call the detective and give them the info. let them investigate. that is what they do