hi everyone the basics: our divorce custody 50 50 agreement requires us to use a mediator to try and resolve any issues before filing a complaint for modification cost is shared equally regardless of who initiates mediation unless the mediator believes there was bad faith a cfm can be filed if one of us does not agree with the mediator decision i have a dispute with my ex regarding a child feeling uncomfortable with a person that she sometimes allows in her house while the child is present and was seeking an agreement to keep that from happening i setup multiple tentative appointments with the mediator emailed the dates and contact info to my ex and asked her to contact the mediator to choose a date that works neither i nor the mediator received any response i'm now looking for suggestions on next steps. the issue does not seem to warrant a cfm it not a safety issue but emotionally stressful for the child and seems to be the kind of issue that mediation could resolve. a cfm would likely require the child to be involved only causing more stress but the child is of an age where the courts typically rule based on their desired outcome. my current thoughts about my options: make an appointment with the mediator and communicate it to my ex. if she show up file a cfm requesting that ex keeps the the person away from the child and request mediato fees. skip the mediator and file a cfm with the same request above. skip the mediator and request full custody the child may be willing to stand up and ask for this do nothing. thank you in advance for your thoughts! #x200b; #x200b; yes i wanted to limit the details so that i got a more general answer rather than a discussion about the level of discomfort history of the person etc. i appreciate your comment about it being a steep hill. i definitely need that reminder when considering spending thousands of dollars again. i very much appreciate your response. gives me more to think about. thanks. that what i was thinking and seemed most rational. just wanted to see if that was the common consensus. thanks. here the thing: no one here are going to get into the details of your case. we are not going to read your parenting plan. and because of this we might tread down a path which may seem dismissive of your concerns. that probably what i am going to do. but it not my intention. just never know enough about your situation to steer you in the right direction. it sounds like you know that your ex is not going to voluntarily agree to give you the authority as to who she allows into her house. and your request may exceed the authority of the mediator may do. often parenting plans allow mediation for matters of resolving ambiguity but the mediator would not have authority to change court orders or add new provisions to the parenting plan. they may be able to facilitate negotiations which would result in an agreed order which could be filed with the courts. but again it seems that you already know that that not going to happen. if you go to court to show cause for a motion and she refused to participate in mediation then she has probably lost the ability to move that the motion is dismissed because you did not follow the prerequisites. but you still need to prove that it in the best interest of the child that you get full custody because the child like one of her mother guests. it a steep hill. you have other resources. and probably better suggestions. but i have already gotten pretty deep in the weeds. you really need to speak to a family law attorney if nothing else to tell you if you are pissing in the wind over this. think doing #1 gives you a greater chance of prevailing in 2 and 3.