tl;dr at the bottom. ; location: minnesota background: i am an amateur photographe and i study live at the university of minnesota. ; today i was out on the university of minnesota campus shooting some hyper lapses moving time lapses of buildings around campus for my personal use and probably my instagram. i was not planning on commercializing any of these photos although i do offer prints of some of my work for sale. while shooting i was approached by a lady from the university who first asked me why i was shooting and after realizing that this was a personal project told me that i would need to apply for permission to photograph buildings on campus. she directed me here for reference. i stopped right away and headed home. since then done a bit more research and it seems that this uncommon and most universities have this policy. however i then did some research into the legality of photographing architecture and found this article . if i understand it correctly any photo i take of a building that is visible from a public area is my independent copyright. ; as it seems pretty common at most universities i'm assuming i'm missing something which is why i'm turning to you guys. my question is: is it legal for them to require notification and have the right to bar a photographer from photographing u of m buildings and if it is why? second followup question: would the answer change if i was shooting commercially and how so? ; thanks for the help! ; tl;dr: got told not to take photos at university and curious why i'm not allowed. perfect thank you again for your help man. have a good day : yes but have to be sure it a public sidewalk. for example a paved walkway through a campus may not be considered a "public sidewalk". if standing on a sidewalk next to a public street or highway they be able to enforce anything. so by that logic it be fine for me to take a photo of a u of m building while standing on a public sidewalk? only if they came onto your property to take the photo. interesting so final question would that mean that i could put up a sign in my front yard assuming i own the property syaing no photographs and take legal action against anyone who happens to include my house in their photo? as a photographer all of this is very useful to know. thanks again the fact that it is open to the public change anything. the property belongs to the university and they are free to regulate its use in a reasonable manner. constitutional and federal law certainly places some restrictions on how they regulate that access but this does not rise to that level. exactly the sort of response i was looking for! i forgot to add but the campus is open to the public and as far as i know totally public with no restrictions. i forgot to add but i was definitely in a public place while shooting. does that change anything? thanks! the link that you posted considers trademark issues not whether or not a property owner can require that you seek permission before taking the photograph. the property owner certainly can limit your access to the property whether the photos are for commercial or non commercial purposes. 