i am a machine learning engineer in ca. i am employed by a very niche series a startup with \~0 competititors in this very specific field. they make hardware that automates a task currently done by people. #x200b; i spend a lot of time creating open source software on my own time on my own hardware etc. it is my primary hobby. after being hired i have been told repeatedly and in no ambiguous terms that virtually anything i do while i am employed by them is their property. this was a major change in tune from what i was told during the interview process. #x200b; as i understand it this is the relevant law: #x200b; i pushed back and was told that the word "related" is interpreted so broadly that practically anything i do on a computer is related. we went through some examples: #x200b; they use classification and regression algorithms to develop their product so any classification and regression algorithm is "related". this is \~100% of machine learning and would also effectively constitute a non compete. they visualize data not as a product but just as a part of normal engineering practices so any data visualization is "related". any sort of computational perception is "related". other techniques which they do not currently use but might are "related". i asked about a couple of examples and everything i could think of was something they "might" do. answering beginners questions online about anything related to anything they use to create their product is "related". creating educational content about math even at the introductory level is related because math is used to develop their physical product. #x200b; i have not been able to get a clear answer on why they are taking such a strong stance against open source except for learning about some very telling hatred of "communism". #x200b; i have responded by stopping all open source work and not releasing projects i started and finished since i was employed here. i consider their stance a slap in the face and i am considering quitting regardless of the legality. #x200b; however it would be prudent for me to swallow my pride and stay until i vest. until then i would like to know which types of open source projects are unambiguously safe for me to work on and release. #x200b; how broadly is the law interpreted exactly what does it mean for something to be "related to their business or anticipated development" #x200b; am i allowed to develop and release tools which perform classification and regression tasks even if entirely different approaches to those extremely general tasks are used by my employer can they really prevent me from even releasing undergraduate level educational content #x200b; how can i tell where things transition from "i clearly own this side project and they would be laughed out of court if they tried to take it from me" to "ownership is debatable and they could make my life hell due to an irrational vendetta against my hobby" they are full of bs. ask the clause refer to using working time or equipment. anything else cannot be regulated by that contract. sure they can sue you but this does not mean that they will win a dime. lol you just described the whole plot of the show silicon valley i find their broad use of the word “related” to be unenforceable especially in california where as you point out it essentially acts as a non compete i believe the insert niche product service they sell is the only aspect here that “relates to the employer business.” the absurdity of them claiming that math is related to their business is beyond me. are you having these conversations with legal general counsel did you have the opportunity to edit the contract or was it a take it or leave it contract the contract states that they own all rights which are not legally forbidden to them by the law and specifically references §2870. the law quoted only relates to limiting the extend to which a clause within an employment contract is legally binding. so it would be helpful to know specifically what your employment contract states. apologies if i was unclear. #x200b; \ i spend a lot of time creating open source software on my own time on my own hardware etc . #x200b; i was asking specifically about the "related to their business or anticipated development" clause. if you use company equipment company time or repurpose code developed fo the company then anything made could be considered company property. if doing it on your own time using your own equipment and repurpose anything developed through the company then anything you make would belong to you. mean they still sue you and make your life hell in court. you describe a number of activities that an employer could make a prima facie case for being reasonably related to research conducted during the invention of products employed to develop or reasonably anticipated to flow from that research or the reasonable result of work performed for your employer. an employer can drag you to court for pretty much any reason. but you can then move to dismiss. what this seemingly valid prima facie case means is that should they choose to they can drag it out a very long time. injunctions trial to sort it etc. you asked if it would be laughed out of court ie. demurrer or if they could make your make your life hell and the answer based on what you wrote here is the answer is that it the latter of these two. could you please be more clear #x200b; the latter of definitely the latter. 