for those of you that will ask no i do not have the serial numbers because i was very naive. it was the most expensive thing i own and my parents saved for months to get it for me. i literally just want to cry but what can i do legally? i hope they turn it on soon. it will be nice to catch them and hold them accountable. i'm sorry your laptop was stolen. that sucks. thank you for your reply. they have found my mac address but the laptop has not been active since yesterday morning. you are absolutely right about getting a tracking software on my next laptop. i really hope we can find it but at this point i am beginning to lose hope. thanks again! it was a dell xps but i did have a tracking feature on it. the problem is that the people who took it turned it on yet. is it a macbook? if so did you turn on "find my mac"? a few weeks ago a neighbor house was burglarized and their macbook was stolen. the police were able to track down the thief a few towns over because "find my mac" was turned on. if your parents have homeowners insurance you may also be covered under that policy. if you work with it they can tell when and where a device is connected based on its mac address. they will even be able to tell you exactly when it was last active. also because they would be required to log in to the school wifi when on campus their student id will be bound to the mac address when they are on the network. this is how the school can track down abuse or in your case theft. this will work even if they end up erasing all data on your laptop and reinstalling the operating system since the mac is unique to the laptop and tied to the hardware. notably they caught the mit bomb threat kid in a similar way. although that was a bit more complicated. also it probably worth mentioning that if you want to protect against theft and ensure recovery the best software for the job is absolute lojack formerly computrace . as long as your device supports it since it dell it does it deeply roots itself in the bios of your computer so it can always come back and secretly phone home giving you location data and other information about the thief even if someone reinstalls windows. it impossible for a thief to disable. make sure to inform your building rd. they may be more helpful if there are actually cameras somewhere and will know immediately if there been a recent spate of thefts in the building. have it _period_. every retailer keeps track of the serials of pcs that they sell most vendors have the serials service tags printed on the boxes for the retailers to scan. when i worked at geek squad _every_ pc that went out the doors had the serial scanned and added to the receipt bill of sale this negotiable the pos literally would not complete the transaction if you scan it in . if you paid via card debit or credit contact the retailer where you bought it and get the receipt for example if it best buy ask them for the four part key then have them get a copy of the receipt from that . if you bought it online have e mails with the receipt in there and you can go to the vendor and get the serial number from that. if they paid cash have a tougher time getting the receipt have to be very specific with the retailer as to when and where they bought it. if and when you get it back install prey or something similar to track it if it goes online smart thieves wipe the os though a la android device manager find my mac. check your parents homeowners insurance. it should cover your property at school. some one else mentioned renter insurance but i believe some homeowners insurance will cover kids in dorms so it might be worth a call no problem good luck and report back if able to catch them! if it had theft protection from a credit card provision it would likely be at least a year. check with the card provider to see if that a feature of the card. you might be surprised. report the mac addresses the university student it services there will be a different mac for ethernet and wireless if it had both . they may be able to see if it still connecting to the university network. at the very least they can blacklist it so it more difficult to sell locally and ensure you run into problems if someone decides to do something against network policy e.g. piracy . the last thing you want to deal with is student conduct referral because you were a victim of theft. some are good for a year so you might still be okay depending on how good the card is what kind of terrible property insurance cover theft?! unless you mean you have like "apple care square" type insurance they have my mac address already but my laptop has a two step identification process so it really no help. i bought it back in june : if you bought it recently some credit cards include theft protection. worth checking asap because there usually a time limit. i'm not a lawyer but it might be worthwhile to contact your it department and see if there anyway for them to track it. our it can see the credentials but not the password used to connect to campus wifi for instance. so small chance but maybe they could search by your mac address and see thiefname@yourschool.edu logged in immediately after. of course if your computer was locked off then that might not help. god bless you. i checked and i have tracking software enabled on my laptop. it was active around the time i used it last but when it is turned on i will be able to get the location and press charges against the asshole that stole my laptop. thank you kind stranger. check for tracking software. both windows and mac laptops should have them attached to your relevant account. i believe they need to be setup on the laptop initially but it hurt to check. have your parents check their homeowners insurance if they own a home . you might be covered under that. worth them checking for you. i got it from dell and i was able to get the service tag which is their equivalent to a serial number. i was also able to get my mac address. thank you for your reply. yes it was insured but my insurance does not cover theft unfortunately for me. where did you buy it from? many retailers log serial numbers at the time of purchase so you may be able to get it that way. for future reference when you get your new laptop insure it separately from your renters insurance. it costs approximately for insurance. it will be insured against loss theft damage with no deductible. file a claim against your insurance. you did have your very expensive property insured right? depending on which state you bought it in the retailer may have the serial number on file. do you happen to have renter insurance? it super cheap and works for dorms. in a situation like this be able to file an insurance claim alongside the police report. good luck. all great advice! unfortunately for me there are no security cameras at all in my building. i called campus police and they came by but they said that there is nothing that they can do other than hope that the mac address leads them to whomever took it. contact campus police and ask them to come to your dorm and take a look at the security cameras between the times you think it may have been taken. monitor your emails and other accounts for activity from the stolen laptop. check craigslist offerup letgo and facebook for people selling a laptop that may be yours. if you find it online immediately contact the police and show them the post. unethical life tip : interrogate your friends asking if anyone sketchy or weird came over. tell them the police are looking at security cameras and they have a suspect maybe your friends will admit to something. i have other suite mates that i live with. you need a key card to access my floor and a normal key to get into my room. my wallet and various other items were in plain sight and left untouched. i reported it to both my ra and am currently on my way to the police department. if you have any way to track it then i know what to say. report it to the police and hope for the best. who has access to your dorm room? i guess i should have mentioned that i am currently on my way to the police station. report it to the police. call the police and report the crime?