i really know if i have any sort of legal ground to stand on here but i would like to know if i do. so i am a veteran and have ptsd which sometimes really interferes with my day to day life. i am also a full time student trying to get my degree in business. a month ago i was having an extremely rough week and for the first time ever i reached out to one of my professors to ask for a little help. i asked him for an additional day or two to study for an exam we had and told him i have ptsd and am struggling. at first he agreed but when i needed to change our meeting time by a couple hours he stated that the only way he would help me out was if i stuck to our original meeting time. it work out and he would not allow me to make up the exam. i am also taking a diversity class right now and learned that ptsd is considered a mental disability which is protected. the dean of the business school knows i have ptsd but i have anything set up with the university to accommodate me. at this point my grade is obviously suffering and i just want to take this professor down. is he just an asshole or do i have some sort of legal avenue i could take against him or the university i have all the emails sent between the two of us. this is fantastic advice thank you for taking the time out. i will reach out to the sds office and see where i can go from there. i have just been really pissed off but right need to pump the brakes and be professional. again thank you honestly even know it was considered a disability until i started learning about it another class. indeed a problem and kinda figured i be able to do anything. yeah this is what i was thinking too never thought it would be an issue and always tried to keep it quiet. but i have anything set up with the university to accommodate me. there is your problem. you expect them to accommodate something you documented. since you chose not to document with the school there be any taking this professor down. if you want this to happen again in the future you need to document your disability with the college and request reasonable accommodations. 