hey everyone hoping to get some useful info. ; backstory i was arrested for dui in september. i messed up i own that and i'm not debating it. however i will be attending my trail since it is my right regardless if i had a lawyer or not. ; i was released the next day and retained my lawyer the next day through avvo.com because i was arrested in a different county and i know any other platform or resource to retain a lawyer. after the fact i realize that my name is in a database and probably every lawyer within a mi radius sent me mail but that after the fact . this is my first and last dui so i aware of what exactly to do and i want to waste any time so i did what i needed to do. my lawyer ratings were great so i felt good about contacting them. ; that whole process was smooth in the beginning. the lawyer sent me the retainer agreement which outlined the cost what they would provide and any additional costs if it extends further than the first hearing and court date. since september to now paid off my retainer fee. i also set up a private cloud hosted folder with all of my relating docs in there for the lawyer to have a record of just in case they receive it. ; my lawyer attended my dmv phone hearing and had my license determination pushed out until a date next year i know when it is i just want to put any other specifics unless necessary . my lawyer also attended my first court admin hearing where they received the police report and all that stuff. so for now i'm good to drive and carry on with life as usual. i have the temporary license sent from the dmv which confirms that my lawyer completed that step. about a month ago we also talked about meeting sometime this week preferably friday to sign the plea paperwork and go over what is going to happen on my court date on the . ; the issue been trying to contact my lawyer since mid last week to confirm a date this week for us to meet and go over the trial before the actual date. left numerous text messages called many times at all points of the day and their voicemail is full. ; this is worrying because i live in the same county that i was arrested in. that means i need to take time off of work and possibly get hotel arrangements for either friday monday or friday for a day and sunday for a day so that there no issues with me arriving on time whatever makes sense for me . paid my retainer fee in full so there no funds related issue. i'm not sure what the problem may be. i understand that my lawyer has a million other things on their plate but i really need to know what time we can meet as well as when my court time is. i need to know this in a reasonable amount of time so that i can tell my boss when exactly i will be off. i have all of my phone call attempts logged on my phone as well as text messages my phone is synced with my laptop so even if my texts get deleted there a copy of each text on my laptop i will even screenshot the entire text history and back it up on the cloud just to be safe . i know that my lawyer phone is still powered on because it rings to voicemail. ; questions . what do i do now? should i just keep calling and texting until i get a response? i mean i obviously will but this working. . how do i verify my court time appearance for the is it as easy as just calling the courthouse? . in the event that i cannot get in touch with my lawyer by the what can i do to make sure that i look ignorant in court and that i am as equipped as possible in representing myself in the best way possible? i have a suit tie nice black shoes and i will be cutting my hair and shaving the night prior. i know i messed up and it sucks. but i feel that i am being as diligent and responsible as possible to make sure i'm not leaving my lawyer hanging. ; thank you for the helpful responses. sorry i just re read your response. makes sense now. in the event my lawyer show can i request a refund of all or some of my retainer fee? check your retainer agreement and see what it says. go to court and if your lawyer show up ask for a continuance based on absence of council not that you retained council but that your lawyer is mia. in the meantime you might want to consider hiring a different lawyer. great thank you! should i just keep calling and texting until i get a response? i would call a reasonable amount. how do i verify my court time appearance for the is it as easy as just calling the courthouse? or possibly checking their website. that i am as equipped as possible in representing myself in the best way possible? "my attorney is not present so i would like a continuance so that we can have this hearing with my attorney present." or something along those lines.