i'm changing names for anonymity. #x200b; my two former roommates and i were vacated from our apartment on very short notice due to building repairs. we had less than two weeks to move out. we find another apartment to move into fast enough so one roommate brian rented a storage unit for all of our things and gave the other two of us keys to access it. in the meantime we stayed at a friend house until we could find somewhere more permanent. #x200b; before moving out brian and i decided that we did not want to put our electronics in storage because of a possible leak. a mutual friend anne agreed to keep our electronics at her apartment while we were moving around. brian was working 13 hour workdays at the time of the move so my other roommate peter and i did most of the moving. peter and i took a collection of electronics to justin apartment. the night that we did this i texted brian as i was packing things in our living room saying "i'm taking the nintendo switch under the tv to anne apartment. is that okay " in his response he asked me to take his tv and computer as well. i responded "got em. anything else " he said no. #x200b; i remember what peter and i did with the switch specifically that night. it possible that i texted brian that i was taking the switch as i was putting it in a box but i forgot to put it in my car before peter and i left with the other electronics. it possible that we did take the switch over to anne apartment along with the other electronics and anne does not know where it is. peter and i also went to storage after going to his apartment that night. so it possible that we put the switch in there. however when peter and i returned to the apartment that night there was nothing in my car. i recently picked up the electronics from anne apartment and she claimed that we left no video game consoles with her besides my own i.e. that we never gave her a switch . she helped me load everything into my car. i kept my video game consoles and gave brian tv and computer back to him. #x200b; brian was expecting the switch to be with the tv and computer. at first he thought that i kept the switch for myself when i picked everything up from anne. i have a text from anne saying that there was no switch in the mix of electronics and i believe that brian has since confirmed this with anne. however brian has the text from me saying that i am taking it to anne apartment. he now believes that i took the switch from our apartment and kept it instead of giving it to anne . he believes that the switch is in my possession and is demanding that i either return it to him or pay him for it. he is asking for about $500 for the console the controllers and individual games that were with it. he emailed me saying that he has already filed a small court claim for the switch and its associated items and that the court will provide me with a date at my work mailbox. he said that we can avoid this process if i return the switch or pay him for it. #x200b; i remember what peter and i did with the switch that night if we did indeed take it from the apartment before moving. if we did take it we either gave it to anne or put it in storage. there is nowhere else it could have gone. i texted anne asking if i could check her apartment to make sure it not just misplaced and she never responded. i look in the storage unit either because brian changed the lock awhile ago so that he could hold about $3 000 worth of my things hostage over a $200 debt which he has not yet provided proof of . although our other roommate peter was with me the night that the switch went missing i think that he will come to my defense because he is angry at me for unrelated reasons and noticed peter and brian still hanging out on social media. #x200b; i cannot prove that i steal the switch unless i find it but i'm not able to look for it because anne will not let me go inside her apartment and i no longer have access to the storage unit. i am worried that if this does go to small claims court my text saying that i was taking the switch will be incriminating. i am worried that the judge potential verdict against me will stay on my credit report or permanent record and affect future job prospects. i am going to offer to look for it in every box in brian storage unit. but if we find it i am tempted to simply pay brian the $500 to avoid going to court. #x200b; does brian has a viable case in saying that i stole lost the switch and is it possible for a judgement in small claims court to stay on my credit report or permanent record the court proceedings will happen in the state of texas. #x200b; yes not overreacting beyond that until and unless you are actually served for small claims court. in most states you cannot just give the court a mailing address and count someone as served. so until you actually see a proper summons to small claims court consider him to just be intimidating you to get his switch back. he due replacement costs if he should win not purchase prices. i plan to ask brian if i can look with him in storage in every box to try to find it. would you recommend anything else you dont have to prove that you did not steal it; he has to prove to a reasonable person that you did or through negligence caused it to be lost. the burden of proof is not yours. we cant say what a judge will or will not interpret about this evidence but we can say that there are still a number of things you could do or work out to avoid court before losing sleep about judgments or credit reports.