hello legal advice! here is my simplified situation: #x200b; bold is the important statements concepts. #x200b; 1. signed up for a room on campus and was told verbally "we will not consolidate rooms unless the rooms are filled" meaning i would get a room to myself for $2000 and no additional fee. 2. the summer before moving in i received and email stating "we will be consolidating rooms and you must opt to buy out your single room or get a roommate. the new cost will be $2825 " $2000 plus the $825 buy out fee ensuring a room to myself . i replied to the email stating i would opt to buy out and pay the $2825 3. when moving into the room in august there were about 13 residents in a hall of 400 dorms. about 4 13 residents did not opt to buy out and were roomed together. 4. during the fall semester students ended up moving into there own room maybe by paying the buy out fee. one student i know moved into their own room without paying the buy out fee. to me this means there were additional livable rooms they were willing to let students move into and used for an unknown reason. this seems to contradict the statement i was originally told "we will not consolidate rooms unless the rooms are filled" 5. several students have moved out leaving even more empty rooms. the total student count in this building is about 10 now. 6. i met with the lady in charge of housing assignments took me a week too meet after ignored emails in my building and was told the following things. "all students were given the option to buy out" "i agreed to opt to buy out and due to this i have to pay and cannot get a refund" "the rooms were consolidated for a reason she did not know but due to this the statement "we will not consolidate rooms unless the rooms are filled" relevant" "the buy out guarantees me a single room even if a new student moves in. they would not be moved into the new open rooms from students moving out they would be moved into a room that has opened due to said student moving out" "some rooms must be left open and not considered in case of a campus fire and students have to be relocated" 7. my replies in order to quotes above: "if all students could buy out that mean it not full and there was indeed room for everyone " "i agreed on false information" "if there was a separate reason for consolidation then the original statement is relevant" "why would they move them into a room with a room ate if there are viable empty rooms " "my dorm being used as a possible emergency fill dorm was never mentioned when signing up or when told we were consolidating. i was told that consolidation would happen due to full rooms only and have to pay extra unless this was a current situation" 8. the lady in charge of housing assignments told me we were just arguing in circles which i agreed and she said set up a meeting with her supervisor. i asked if i could email him directly as i trust her timing since it took her a week to get back to me. she said no and took my information to set up the meeting 9. here is how i plan to handle the meeting with her supervisor: "hello here is my case. i was told my xxx that we would not have to pay the extra buy out fee unless rooms were full. i received and email over the summer stating we would consolidate indicating to me that the rooms were full. i payed the buy out fee. after living there for a while it became apparent to me that there was room meaning i should not have had to pay the buy out fee according to the original statement. another student i know i understand you discuss other students information i can have him email you proof has obtained a single room for no additional buy out fee. i would like a refund of my buy out fee." #x200b; tl;dr: was told i have to pay for a single room unless rooms became full. was told have to pay for the single room. rooms were not full. apologies for the long post #x200b; #x200b; so are my thoughts and actions justified can i do anything to get my $800 refunded thank you! 