gf and i got in an argument a while back and while there was no violence involved she called the cops and now saying even though she want to pursue it they have to submit it to the da. a detective called and said they "need" a statement from me before they submit it. from everything read the only reason i can think of that they would want that would be to get a conviction against me. but what should i do? i have laying around for an attorney. should i just refuse to give a statement? or what. thanks very much. the way to do this without pissing the officer off is as follows: call monday morning. say "officer i think i should speak to an attorney before i come in and make a statement." then call an attorney and get some advice about how to proceed if the advice is " make a statement" then call the officer back and tell him that you be coming in and you want to make any statements. if the officer has probable cause to arrest then he may come find you regardless and arrest you. if so call the lawyer back and make any statements until you speak to him again . hey i got your pm. those are against the rules and i give you advice in pm. ask me here and answer what i can. almost everyone sucks really bad at talking to the police. hardened criminals innocent people who think the truth will set them free attorney representing themselves who think they know enough about the law to answer the questions on their on behalf police officers who think that their buddies arrest them judges who figure the police want to prejudice themselves celebrities politicians. everyone. me: i suck at talking to the police. i always talk too much. at least for me it like walking into a phone store and not walking out with a bunch of new phones i need. i help it. i fix it. all i can do is avoid walking into phone stores. that why you and me need to avoid talking to the police. going to screw it up. and if the police start asking us questions just say: "i will not answer any questions without an attorney." and prepare for things to get really awkward. you have to talk to the police. “no” is a complete sentence. sorry ca location matters. if in the us not obligated to speak with the police but in other countries that not the case. not talking is free. you should not talk to the police without an attorney. anything they promise you may be a lie. do not make a statement. anything not clear about that? you do have the right not to speak without legal representation. they have the right to arrest you if they believe you committed a crime. if you feel like you have to have this talk . do not say anything untruthful. . do not give any information above and beyond what they ask. to borrow from "the west wing" if you are asked "do you know what time it is" your answer is not : it is "yes". you should absolutely not give a statement until you talk to an attorney . there is a small but nonzero chance that a statement from you now can put the whole thing to bed and have you avoid being charged. but an attorney needs to make that call. you need full on representation yet just a consult. be prepared for them to tell you to not say anything. you are under zero obligation to give a statement. that cost . 