so i live in a condominium style house and with hard wood floors we hear our neighbors very easily. i happen to share a wall with my neighbor so at times i can clearly hear him. my neighbor moved in about a month ago with his girlfriend and 3 kids who seem to share custody with the mother. the kids are there every other week it seems like and the kids seem like they range from age 3 to 9. when he first moved in it began with loud noises of them moving and the kids always running around. i really get to wound up about noise being that it is just a part of leaving in a condo apartments. the thing is when the kids are over i am woken up at 6am during the weekdays to my neighbor screaming at them. this has happened on several occasions. now i understand arguing happens but he screaming at the top of his lungs cussing at these children. for example just this morning i was woken up to loud bangs and then hearing him yell at one of the kids saying “ f ing get up and brush your teeth. the reason we are always f ing late so f ing useless. stop f ing crying then he started mimicking his sons cry ” this went on for at least thirty minutes. for one it is really rude as a neighbor to scream at the top of your lungs early in the morning and sometimes late at night and for two i am worried about the safety of these children. he calls them names while continuously cussing and i help but shriek and listen. my roommates and i were considering calling cps because we are females and feel safe going over there and talking to him because i’m afraid it could get violent. i am just wondering what the best option would be. we were gonna tell our landlord about this as well but been reading these posts for a while and thought post something as well. assuming somewhere in the us you can definitely call cps but other than paying them a visit to investigate i doubt anything would come of this. being mean and yelling is not illegal. call cps in your area tell them what hearing. it should be anonymous. he will probably figure out it a neighbor but hopefully he know which neighbor. in some areas it called cps in others dhr or some other name. if you go to their website there should be a number devoted just to reporting suspected abuse. you have to determine if being abused that the agency job. if you suspect being abused. call. it sounds like they probably are being abused. call and feel guilty about it. you may be the only advocate these kids have.