sorry if things are out of place this is my first post here. so this morning i woke up to a voicemail with no missed call. upon listening to the message it states that this person from a not stated company has received an order this morning regarding a claim against me and that i have been officially notified over voicemail and that i need to call this number to give them my address and place of employment so that they can give me a formal claim. first of all i'm confused. aside from what i posted here no other information was given besides a phone number to call back and a claim case number. can someone explain what any of this means is it bogus sorry i have no idea what a claim is but i assume it a ploy to get money out of me. i would think it just another scam but asking for my place of employment seems a bit sketchy unless looking to garnish my wages. now aside from failing to pay a couple of small payday loans back from 5+ years ago i cant think of anything else that would rectify a 'claim' against me. just ignore it for now it probably is a scam. thanks. this is what i figured which is why i wanted to post first. they gave very little information aside from call this number back and give us your claim number. edit: i googled the number they said to call but nothing showed. and since i received a voicemail with no call i cant search the number they called from without directly calling them from my voicemail. yeah i received anything in writing nor has anyone "served" me with anything. this is the first time heard anything about a claim. i guess ignore it most likely a scam. this is one of the more common scams. try googling the number they called from and the number they said to call. but call then back. this is most definitely a scam. we have no idea what the call is about. might be a scam might not. have you googled the phone number now aside from failing to pay a couple of small payday loans back from 5+ years ago might be related to this. clerk of courts is the only one who issues summons and you would be severed in writing and a process server would document it 