first of all a little bit of background about events that have so far happened. about a year ago my father divorced my mother and moved away to live with his new girlfriend cca. summer 2017 shortly after that he married her. fast forward today we received a paper saying he is in fact suing my mother for not paying any bills for the house. now i just want to clarify that my parents agreed through lawyers that if father wants us to give him 50% for all the bills on the house which is only reasonable considering he does not live here anymore all he has to do is send a copy of a bill via post or mail and we would pay. we are not exactly in touch but his first eviction note which arrived a couple of months ago quite surprised me. i call him we met and i demanded him to explain himself. he said that he is not willing to pay everything for us and we have to contribute too. i told him that he as a landlord should make the first step and send us the bills because we have to idea how much is he paying etc. so we could not possibly pay him on top of that we have to expend a large amount of money for coal and wood every year to keep the house well heated in winter. anyhow after all this he sat silent and told me nothing but a slight nod. i went home foolishly thinking all is resolved. months went by i met him once during that time and he did not bring it up neither he sent any bill yet and today we received the already mentioned letter in which he is asking my mom to get to court and pay all the expenses which will rise during the trial . my sister called him and he insisted that the letter "does not concern us" on top of that he out of nowhere said he wants to live here too again one day. i realize it is indeed his house we do not have to pay any rent and even though i suggested him to send bills but it has been more than a year now and he sent us nothing. the court is happening next year in january and i would like to ask you what can we do. the whole article might seem a bit goofed sorry for that english is not my first language. #x200b; #x200b; #x200b; a lot of this is going to be dependent on the divorce decree and what is spelled out regarding financial responsibilities of the home. however if it was agreed between the lawyers that your father must send the bill notifications and then that is something you should take back to your lawyer.