 background: i worked for profitable startup for 1.5 years as developer. i quit after i could not resolve issues working with young and inexperienced cto who continually butchered my code and had me working long overtime hours and coming in to put out fires. the ceo knows cto is not qualified but they are longtime friends so came down hard on my for leaving and claims i was "screwing them over" when i gave them my 2 week notice and hurled a slew of insults at me my work which until that point i had positive reviews and lots of praise and called me vulgar names. i tried to not burn bridges and extended my 2 weeks to 4 and provided them with several months of consulting. they tried to get me to consult more but they were being very disrespectful would not allow me to come into the office i had really good friendships with everyone else at the company called me at all hours of the day expecting me to drop everything and help them and i heard they bad mouthed me to everyone at the office. so i terminated the offer to consult and suggested we just move on. unpaid pto claim: they owed me about $3k from unused pto hours while i was employed. this was clearly documented in the software we used to manage hours but they insisted for months they owe me anything and claimed i was "technically negative" because i had come in late a few times even though that only happened because i was there the previous night until 1am doing deployments and testing code . after months of back and forth with me providing documentation of every hour i had taken off and them providing nothing but very general claims without specific dates or times i was advised to file a claim with the department of labor. it turns out there are strict penalties for this so it appears they owe me an additional $13k in waiting time penalties and about $1k for not providing paystubs on top of the $3k of my earned pto hours i never took. i filed this over 6 months ago and had to cancel my travel plans to wait for this but i just got a case number and they said they will contact me with the date of the settlement conference. unpaid consulting claim: on top of this they owe me about $8k from the consulting work i did for them after my employment. i stupidly never signed a formal contract with them before that because they had always paid their contractors but i do have some emails where rates are discussed and a copy of the spreadsheet where all the hours and work was tracked. i was thinking of just letting this go because of the huge penalties from the other claim. i know i could also take them to small claims for this amount but i kind of just want this to be over. on the other hand i have since heard they have done these same bullying practices to other employees who were less willing to stick up for themselves so i feel like i should maybe teach them a lesson and hope it prevents them from trying to screw other employees out on their earned vacation pay. potential angle: i was told from a friend that since i used my work computer during consulting exchanged everything through my work email which i no longer have access to and they called me at all hours of the day just as if i was employed i technically was still an employee and thus entitled to the same pay and benefits as i otherwise would have. questions: should i pursue the unpaid wage claim to the fullest meaning the $3k they owe plus the $15k penalties if so how should i approach this during the settlement conference should i keep this claim completely separate from the other claim should i file a small claims case for the $8k i'm not trying to be greedy but this has cost me many months of loss time and headache at this point. they might try to get me to sign a separation agreement document that their lawyer drafted and they have sent to me which lumps both claims together says they will pay me what they originally said they would but explicitly denies that they owe me this and prevents me from filing claims. i told them i sign it but tell them it was because i had already started a claim. any other recommendations for dealing with settlement conference very grateful for any suggestions and comments.