good afternoon la #x200b; the wife and i recently decided to give up the cable cutting lifestyle in an attempt to catch more of our favorite sports at home. i know you can stream that stuff mostly but it is unreliable and our isp is splotchy at best. try and get the best timeline of event i can to try and make this short and quick: #x200b; september 25 directv is called service is requested. associate asks if dvr is something we wanted we were trying to get the bill as low as possible . the answer to that question is yes that ends up being important and i clearly remember it being asked answered . bill is $59 for first year $93 in months 13 24 +taxes etc so the first month should be $67 #x200b; september 26 technician arrives installs what is on the order including a genie lite non dvr receiver. when asked about dvr he says he can put the normal genie unit in but it will be a higher monthly charge. i tell him to forget about it and will sort it with directv as he done a great job and this on him. #x200b; october 2nd finally get a chance to call directv in regards to the dvr. the associate on the phone provides me with 2 options. \ \ option 1\ \ return genie lite for normal genie unit incur extra monthly fee. \ \ option 2\ \ add genie lite hdd upgrade kit normal cost of $99 to the genie lite receiver. gain dvr capability no monthly charge because of the upfront hardware cost. however they gladly credit the $99 for the upgrade kit as the miscommunication was on their end in the beginning. #x200b; october 26 first bill shows up. should be $67 it appears as $96.57 i had been traveling and did not have time to call directv until november 6 november 6 speak with associate who explains the charge on the bill say they will credit the first month but i will see it on all future months. i mention that the previous associate said there was going to be no monthly fee involved with the upgrade kit at which point this new associate tells me that i have been flat out lied to. at this time i decide to cancel my service if you are going to make 2 big mistakes in the first 2 month and tell me you going to uphold what you agreed to i'm all set. #x200b; november 10 i receive a statement saying i am to be credited back $37 #x200b; december 3rd i receive a statement saying they are withholding the credit of $37 and applying it to the $440+tax charge for early termination. i have called several times been bounced around more than i can remember until speaking with one of the last "billing supervisors" who told me emphatically that i was under contract they provided a service so it was a valid charge. he was extremely rude and ultimately hung up on me. he has been the only person in this entire exchange that has acted this way i have done everything to conceal my frustration and everyone has been pleasant albeit unhelpful but pleasant none the less. #x200b; the billing supervisor told me that if i chose not to pay this it is going to be sent to collection because i had a contract. however the way i see this is that there was never a contract if it was all offered and agreed upon under false pretenses. there is no contract if you just say yes to whatever just to sign someone up. even having the associate admit that a previous coworker had lied to me. #x200b; what if anything can i do here i really do not want to pay this fee and will never be going back to directv. they were great until at t took over and it has been a downhill slide since then. i think ever seen a directv store front. even though they are owned by at t i doubt the people working at one of their wireless store fronts would be able to do all that much to help me. can you go to a direct tv store in person we have had far more success with tv services by speaking to a representative in person. you should be able to find your nearest store on by googling. i have referenced the recordings in a few calls and even requested them once. every time they were brought up it was glossed over. i will try again when their next "escalation point" decides to call me which is unlikely to happen. first step is to try to get a hard copy of the contract they say you agreed to and look over the terms. next would be to try to get recordings of any calls you made to them especially ones where they made promises. without those it just going to be hey said you said'. not going to want to give you either even though you should be entitled to them and probably without an attorney letter or even court order. good luck.