so about a year ago my wife and i moved out to saskatchewan it was a decision made for many reasons job opportunity for me cheaper rent then toronto and openings in my wife field as well as closer to my other partner. we are poly. my wife worked in about four years and had a couple interviews but nothing panned out. other then looking after our son she would complain that she never had time to do any house chores and that she a 50 house wife i had been working nights for years in toronto and our apartment was filthy if i do all the cleaning and cooking. she is diabetic and was lying to her doctors about recording blood sugar levels. she was also caught shoplifting while taking care of someone else kids. we started arguing about it as well as my son hearing aids. put them in in the morning without any argument but when she got up late close to lunch take them out and screamed when they got put back in. on family day i had things planned we had a big blow up about his hearing aids. i told her that the doctors said he needs them in during waking hours when she said it was fine to have breaks without them. she disappeared for 8 hours to reappear with my mil and told me they had contacted coffins services and were returning to ontario and left. i got skype visits with him during custody that rarely happen and supervised visits when i come to toronto i'm just happy to see him we are coming up on the 6 months period of our custody agreement and she informed me that she has moved out of her parents and tell me where due to her roommates divorce. i have no contact information and i'm worried that without her mom supervision she will fall back into the messy ways and not putting in his hearing aids. and from what i'm told her roommate is afraid of her husband so i know what type of environment my son is being dragged into. also i believe its good for a child to be with thier mother but i trust her and i miss my son a lot and want him home i think your best bet will be waiting and hoping unfortunately should issues arise later noticing problems with your son behavior or something like that then you can report them to the canadian cps equivalent.