hey all! we had a city compliance officer stop by last week to let us know we and another neighbour have had a complaint about our dogs barking. we live in a row of townhouses and it us here for 10 years an old lady in the middle here for 2 years and then the other family who had a complaint here for about 8 months. not a hard guess at who complained eh not a huge deal for me. we had a rough few weeks with our two youngest dogs fighting siblings god help me so we knew we had been a bit louder than usual and we also have a border collie who likes to herd the pups. we are managing better this week with head collars for everyone and a spray bottle of water. the odd thing is they never really bark except for once or twice at a cat or a bird outside. the complaint said barking 24 7. i'm currently unemployed and home all day night and they damn sure are not barking more than a few single barks every few hours. i live in an urban area so despite what i thought was a friendly relationship with our neighbour i'm not surprised she talk to me about it. the complaint a huge deal and was mostly just a notification. and the officer was incredibly nice. not the worst experience. what i'm really curious about is if i have any recourse to my neighbour instigating the dogs to make noise. two days in a row now noticed her knocking on the shared wall when it quiet which makes the dogs alert and sometimes bark once or twice and run for the door. as soon as they bark the knocking stops. also noticed her standing in her yard staring at the dogs through the fence when outside playing. they grunt and grumble but bark and she just stands there staring at them in a really creepy way with her mouth agape. caught her doing this twice. and the final oddity comes from yesterday. the puppies were in the yard playing and neighbour sat in her car staring at them from the parking lot until i came to the door to call them in. when she saw me she started to reverse out of her spot. the dogs were being good and want to come in so i turned away from the door and when i looked back she had pulled back into her spot and resumed staring. so i called the dogs in and locked my door. been struggling hard with anxiety hence being home all day and night so have been anxiously trying to keep 3 dogs from making any noise. which is ludicrous but i fear she is surveiling us in an attempt to have us evicted or have the dogs taken away. she "worked in a rental office" over the summer and likes to gloat about her ability to game the system to get rid of people. do we think she is crossing the line between keeping track of barking into creepy territory or am i just a ball of anxiety and what should i do in either case 