hi all #x200b; so i am in the yukon canada and my ex and i have split custody of our daughter as per a court order. every single year without fail he has a huge emotional and mental low between november march which manifests as aggression erratic behavior hostility. up until this year it has been mostly directed just at me whoever he was dating and his parents. i believe he has successfully kept it from our daughter. this year is different in a few ways. #x200b; i'm going to give a little elaborate backstory for context. this year my ex is deeply involved in a npo that he created with some of his high school friends i'm 30 he 27 if that matters . he quit his job he has 2 mortgages he is liable for and he is planning on spending the next 6 months with some undisclosed grant money he claims in the millions of dollars "changing the world". he 'bought' a school bus the owner of the bus has reached out to me and said he paid for the bus yet so it not registered or insured to him to create a safe ride program in our community. great right except he not licensed or registered to do this so the city has asked him to stop. now he sits at a local sandwich franchise that rhymes with giznos all day doing god knows what telling people if they want a ride "just say we are friends". because that is so clever at circumventing the law. he also taken to carrying a copy of the declaration of human rights a full poster not just a printout and rambling at large as to how that the only thing that matters ever. ugggh #x200b; okay so that mostly just me venting at how aggravating and obnoxious he is to set the stage for what to expect from his attitude. now to the actual mental health concerns. i have screenshots of his communications with me where he seems to be highly delusional about what he is going to be able to accomplish in 6 months and i have had 5 separate people reach out to me in the last month with concerns about his behavior. both his parents have given me some horror stories about how he is either just dumping our kid she 5 with them so he can go off saving the world or if they try to talk to him about his hostile and aggressive behavior he threatens to keep our daughter away from them. i was reached out to by a friend of my sister because she works with a woman in local who had to deal with my ex coming into her work without an appointment demanding to see the minister of the department and when he was refused got so irate and in the face of the lady working spouting off on the declaration of human rights and accusing them of treating homeless people like garbage that he had to be asked to leave by security. had a friend confirm that within the last month he was doing cocaine in her home and had contact with an ex who gave me some troubling information about what he did to her post breakup. all of this has happened in the last month. in october he asked me to take our daughter quit my job and leave the territory for a couple months. he said he would pay for all of this. i refused and when asked what was going on he said that a local taxi cab company like his safe ride program and was threatening to sue him. i think he lying because you try to protect your daughter like that without serious threats against your safety. #x200b; i know if i have any legal recourse but what i would like is for him to be evaluated by a psychiatrist. he will not do it without it being mandated by the court. at this point i have any proof he is a danger to our daughter but if he find work i have no idea how he is going to pay his bills. i'm worried he will end up homeless living back with his parents both of whom are enabling addicts in their own way . i am worried he will slide into a manic episode where he does drugs or worse. i am worried he is going to be arrested for being belligerent to government and city officials. i'm scared he involved in drugs and is going to say something stupid to the wrong person and get hurt or get our daughter hurt. #x200b; finally the other thing that has changed is that i am no longer afraid to stand up to him. this year has been eye opening as far as my spine getting harder and me being more comfortable asserting myself in the face of all his crazy but i'm not interested in a power struggle or battle of wills with him. if i am going to pursue this legally i need to feel confident that i can obtain at least my primary objective having him evaluated to see if he can medicate for his mental health issues. i literally cannot have this conversation with him in an informal setting. he is irrational stubborn and believes that he is on some sort of moral crusade right now. it actually really sad especially since our daughter regards him as her hero and the rest of his family and friends are all horrified with his behavior. #x200b; any legal insight to my abilities to have him evaluated will be much appreciated. i am going to post this over in as well to see if i can find better ways to deal with this on a moral and personal level. #x200b; tl dr; ex has history of seasonal lows and mental health issues. this year seems to be escalating to the point where people are reaching out to me in concern. i want my ex evaluated but know how to do it. 