florida grandpa died ~ weeks ago it was sudden but not unexpected. as i am the only one in the family with a finance degree i'm an accountant for a small company in md gramps made me the executor of his modest estate a few years ago. everyone in the family is fine with this. thus far nothing has been a challenge with respect to shutting off or switching things into my name: utilities killing the cable tv etc. home is under contract and will be sold next friday. except for one recurring bill all is well his gym membership. his membership is set for another ~ months @ . i took the death certificate to the gym and asked to cancel the membership. the manager said that i also needed another form of proof that grandpa is dead. his reasoning is that over the years they have had a handful of forged death certificates used to get out of memberships. i'm not buying it smells like greedy bullshit to me. per the contract which they showed me a copy of it states that in the event of death two items are needed in order to cancel said membership: . death cert . printed obit from a newspaper we did not publish an obit in a news paper. gramps was cremated all was prepaid in advance. i offered to show him the urn the paperwork we got from the funeral home and even the little paper we handed out at the funeral. nope they are unwilling to budge on the matter. i am not really sure what to do here. i am considering heading to the bank and discussing with them this problem and see about blocking the gym charges but there is an agreement in place. what has me frustrated is that the gym has now been shown that grandpa is indeed dead but their ridged cancellation rules are preventing me from closing the account. i am not really sure what to do from here. i feel hiring a lawyer may end up being more costly than the total remaining cost to the agreement. this is an independently owned gym that caters to the retired community so there is no "corporate" so to speak. op call your local newspaper and ask about publishing a death notice. many newspapers print these for free and they can be run at any time after a death. death notices include only minimal information: the deceased name dates of birth and death city of birth and death and funeral service info if applicable . in place of a full obituary which can be expensive a death noticed published in the newspaper might be enough to get the gym off your back. i would think so also the hit against his credit is probably not going to matter at this point either. not right away no. generally any creditors of the estate have to file their claim with the probate case. if there is no probate case and they want to collect they have to open a probate case and then file their claim. only if the claim is rejected do they get to sue. op says he the executor but say whether a probate case has been opened. my guess is that it op just knows he was nominated in the will and is taking some steps. but nomination give you the authority to act on the estate behalf you have to be appointed by the court. that also be acknowledging that he deceased? unless the gym is owned by the government and you are trying to get an official to take some specific action a writ of mandamus is not what you are looking for. until probate is opened and the executor appointed by the court no one alive can authorize the charges. the card should absolutely be frozen. in theory they could sue the estate but that would cost more than the left in the contract. they absolutely could as anyone can sue anyone for anything and there are many horrible stories about gym memberships so many that i honestly imagine why anyone would get one . is it likely this will happen? it depends on how sketchy the gym is. i suggest sending the information to them via registered mail as a backup. this will defeat the "he never told me" defense. if you have a law office as a part of this have any further inquiries directed to them. and then get on with the grieving process i'm so sorry for your family loss and that you had to put up with this. this is a scam; the death certificate is a legal document. they just want you to jump through their hoops in the futile hopes that they can collect another month. say if that and your letters testamentary or letter of executorship do the trick the cancellation of the credit card charging will. i highly doubt dumb enough to double down by trying to sue his estate to continue collecting. gramps is dead what is this gym going to do?? well i think that gramps is going to be opening more cards anytime soon. canceling a card always work. some processors do have a provisioning service that gives the new card number to certain vendors that use their service. it meant to make things a bit easier after closure of a card so you have to call as many merchants. most issuers however can block a specific merchant from charging again always work if the merchant changes their name . they will not sue. it not worth the money and a small claims court is the only place they could go and an attorney would be pointless because they would not be allowed to even speak in court so do it. just call the bank and cancel the re occurring transaction. if they threaten taking you to court for the reasons they state a judge will laugh them out of court. i'm not a lawyer but i was a mortician apprentice. without a doubt of the time if the deceased had a gym membership that what gave the family the most trouble. if you liked the funeral home and director you could and should call them to ask for some assistance. they can point you to who to contact and exact laws to quote on this. because they cannot require an obit. anybody can put out an obit on anybody saying anything. it is not legally binding nor is it a government document suing an estate for not paying a membership fee for a dead man is not likely to amuse the judge and you threaten the credit score of a dead man either. no because that would cause issues with thing like mortgages utility bills etc. things that will still require payment and need to be handled by the estate until probate gets to them. all of the accounts be frozen anyway? credit cards should all be cancelled because the holder is deceased and bank accounts should be frozen while the will is probated. i like this one. canceling the credit card that pays the membership is the way to go. i wouldnt do this unless you have tried all other avenues. it sounds like they are being ridiculous. a death certificate works everywhere else. ianal send them an official copy of the death certificate by certified mail turn off the payments and tell them to have a nice day. it not your concern whether they believe you or not and you have to prove anything beyond providing the death certificate. depending on how his contract was written they may have the option of suing his estate for the balance but that unlikely. trying to make this difficult in the hope that give up and they can continue collecting forever. get a writ of mandamus. he already legally required to end the contract with just a death certificate and you have the death certificate. if he refuses to end the contract after that be in contempt of court for violating the writ of mandamus. then be looking at jail time. my boss says possibly yes. give them a copy of your certificate of appointment as executor from the probate court. the gym could presumably sue the estate right? would a judge likely uphold the contract requirement for a printed obit or tell the gym owner to stop being a douche? theoretically they could but at that point spending a lot of time and money to risk bad publicity. one might also argue that the grandfather is the one who signed the contract not the executor. if a death certificate is good enough for insurance companies its good enough for a gym. the law firm i use to work for did collections for a local fitness chain. depending on the chain they do sue. said chain was super shady and even tried to send me to collections. it started out as and went to with fees. did you give them a certified death certificate? that has the state seal special paper? lot harder to claim forgery. the gym could presumably sue the estate right? would a judge likely uphold the contract requirement for a printed obit or tell the gym owner to stop being a douche? i took the death certificate to the gym and asked to cancel the membership. op already has a death certificate. the issue is that the gym requires an obituary printed in the paper as additional proof. your post has been removed for the following reason : generally unhelpful or off topic your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off topic. it either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided please review the following rules before commenting further: commenting rules and . please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators = . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. oh missed that. thanks for pointing it out. this is an independently owned gym that caters to the retired community so there is no "corporate" so to speak. per op there is no corporate to speak to. was a notice to creditors filed? could that serve as an obit as its published in a paper of record. ; inal; work at a probate firm in tx. go to the bank and issue a stop payment order as the executor you have that right hooray! . then contact the manager and tell him what you have done. if your grandfather account was charged in the period between when you visited the manager and he refused this demand a refund. ~~if he does not issue one go above his head to corporate membership. it may not mean much but it will get the manager attention because it will get corporate attention and they will bring it to his.~~ a sealed certificate of death issued by the appropriate local agency is enough proof for every other place in the world. it is enough for the gym manager as well. he just being a dick. the death certificate is all the legal proof anyone needs to suspend or freeze and account. they may want a notarial copy of the will to close the account but if they are asking for more than that they are scamming you. put a stop payment on the credit card that pays the monthly subscription. agree with this solution. contact the bank issue a stop payment and definitely go over this managers head on this. i left a local gym because i was heading out of state on a work assignment and it took me going to the gyms owner to get my account canceled and for their billing company to stop billing me every month. if you are the executor then simply use your letters testamentary. that is the document that signed by the court that means you have the power to do these kinds of things. more than one way to skin a stone. see if you can stop the payments through the bank somehow? 