i know that i am probably going to screw this up as it my first post but i had to at least give it a try. ; my cousins were arrested eight years ago on suspicion of property damage they admit the charge; they rammed shopping carts into a parked car . at the time they had been depriving themselves of food and sleep for going on ten days. they were taken and held in a small town jail in missouri. while they were there there were ongoing threats made against them from fellow prisoners and prison officials. upon questioning which was done with both of them together in an interrogation room they continued to feel threatened. ultimately they lashed out at the officer questioning them. he called in for help and it seems that the help that responded were prisoners tasked with helping out around the jail. ; one of my cousins was put in a holding cell while the other was beaten and possibly raped by the responding officers and inmates. they had an inmate rights trial against the officer in question but it ended in a not guilty verdict for the officer. they now have a habeas corpus case file with the state of missouri. ; the thing is based on an initial evaluation done after sleep and food deprivation which they did to themselves and a pretty stressful situation in a jail their mental health evaluation probably stellar. it resulted in a permanently unfit to stand trial finding. i honestly know that was something that could happen and i work in a legal profession. they have asked for an independent medical evaluation multiple times. i have seen their medical reports from fulton state hospital. the reports state that they are model prisoners that they are friendly and open with everyone and that there is no mental health diagnosis applicable to them. ; they have done an enormous amount of legal work and research. read through their pleadings which were filed in october. the kicker for me is that they are declared unfit to stand trial but the court is totally okay with letting them continue to represent themselves in court proceedings. so there is talk about potential charges of assaulting a police officer and attempted escape but nothing has been made official. they are just being held in fulton state hospital being evaluated by doctors and being told there no diagnosis and not being charged with any official crime. ; is this something that happens? they have a very new age and unique perspective on life. they spent their early years on a native american reservation in new mexico. they were on a spirit journey or a quest depriving themselves of food and sleep for their own personal spiritual reasons. i claim to know what actually happened but i am inclined to believe them and their story as they have been separated and continue to have identical accounts of what happened going on eight years ago. is there anything that i can do to help? i have sent documents that they have sent to me to media outlets in missouri. i started a petition on change.org at their request i will post if people are interested . i just believe that you can be judged as "crazy" and then locked up and held indefinitely with no recourse. ; well tl;dr : my cousins were arrested in missouri and have been held in fulton state hospital for eight years told permanently unfit to stand trial despite medical reports to the contrary. how can i help them get out of there? well they are suing their previous lawyer for malpractice but that may not change the outcome of their current situation. they should discuss next steps with the lawyer they have. i am just recently in communication with them by mail. from what i know at first they were represented by an attorney that they think had their best interests at heart. i have heard about manipulated video evidence and people not even willing to talk to them because they are "too crazy." and ultimately their first attorney not really believing them. they had an attorney after that whom they seemed to like and trust he died shortly after they hired him. i thought that they had someone helping them an attorney with their latest filing but based on what i can see on pacer they do not. i believe that they do admit wrong doing with the prison guards and others during their altercation. can they be held indefinitely like this with no charges that i can see and no mental health diagnosis? ; i may be seeing a slightly skewed version of things but in what read from them they seem so rational. and that play into things if settled rehabilitated in the jail hospital and served a fair amount of time why they being considered for release? i tracked down and read their note. it sounds like their entire claim is predicated an experience that happened when they were so sleep deprived that they would not make reliable witnesses. by their own admission they assaulted prison guards. they have had numerous legal hearings and examinations by different medical professionals. they have been ruled incompetent to stand trial. since they have been ruled as lacking competence have they been represented by an attorney? what is the attorney opinion of the possibility of an appeal? ; they should hire an attorney for a writ of habeas corpus motion. mental standing is well beyond the scope of the sub but it is up to be medical director treating them to determine whether they would be fit or unfit. if he naacp is willing to work with native americans or a special interest group exists to help the cause then an appeal for assistance should be made. 