so my wife boss is forcing all of the employees to go to his house on a sunday for a party that none of the employees want to attend. he has stated that there will be consequences for those that attend. is this illegal can he do that he said anyone that does not attend would get a write up and those write ups go on employee records. my wife has spoken with most if not all of the employees and none of them want to go. he is saying there will be bonuses at the end but he has a track record for never coming through on these sorts of things. no one really cares for the bonuses anyway. but i figured come here to find out. we live in utah. thanks in advance. also he has stated that this is without pay. so forced to attend without pay. what can she do thanks in advance. lol probably right. he a douche though. kinda his fault for pushing people away 🤷🏽‍♂️ not advice but sounds like he is just lonely. that up to her. she not getting paid _immediately_ either way. if she goes she should track her time and include it on her next timesheet or request pay in writing. if her boss reprimands her for doing so or refuses to pay she should file a wage claim. if she stays home and she fired for it she should file for unemployment while she looks for another job. okay gotcha. thanks for letting me know. what can we do about this though just take the write up or go without getting paid it legal to write employees up for not doing their jobs and to change their job descriptions on a dime for the most part. truly absurd demands might amount to constructive dismissal allowing her to collect unemployment even if she quits "voluntarily" in response and firing someone for refusing to perform unsafe work is one of a number of public policy exceptions but nothing i can think of would apply here. thanks a bunch. and she hourly. he threatening to write any and all employees up if they attend. is that in itself illegal lol she a car wash attendant. that the kicker. she hourly too. is your wife a salaried employee or an hourly employee if she hourly and being forced to attend then she needs to be paid for that time. no boss can mandate attendance to a work event unpaid for hourly employees. in most states if she salaried and forced to attend it can be part of her job duties. either way your wife can bring it up to her boss boss about the forced party if she wants to try to nix it. as long as she is properly classified as salary exempt she can be forced to attend without additional pay. what is her job is she hourly or if she salary is she non exempt without a collective bargaining agreement or a binding contract her job is at will and her duties are whatever her boss says they are. if she want to go to the party she have to; her boss likely have to keep employing her. however mandatory attendance like this is paid work. if her boss is unwilling to pay she can file a wage claim to recover pay for the time she working.