i am not a father single unmarried never had children of my own. recently 2 friends in their 30 asked me to get them pregnant. we agreed to conditions nobody goes after parental rights or financial gain. heard from a legal standpoint i would have to identify as a father and therefore the possibility of being bound and entrapt by legalities play well with me. i just want to make sure both sides are legally bound by contract. just in case something happens people change others can coax them into doing something. is there a contract we can sign a donation of some sort that legally takes my parental rights away yep so if the mother moves state or country even if you could draft a watertight agreement where you are now it would no longer apply and if things fall apart op is left holding the bag because a judge probably force an adoption. going through a fertility clinic is the safest method but it has to be an "anonymous donation". if you are dead set in wanting to help them; i would consider finding a lawyer competent in reproductive rights. there was a case on this about a month ago in some publication aba journal . i know people have done it though had a personal agreement as well that they honored so it was never put to the test of lawyers and such. people also build houses. some insure those houses and some . not all the houses burn but some do. the people with houses that burn that have insurance get money back to rebuild. the people without insurance with houses that burn lose everything. think about going through a fertility clinic like insurance. you may never need that insurance but be damn glad you had it if you do because you stand to lose a lot if you . i'm not sure what you mean by "where the child resides". it would be it mother of course expect the lawyer to give you the same answer got here this is an issue that is pretty universal as the obligation sit where the agreement was signed it sits wherever the child resides. because of this you really sign rights away. until the adoption actually occurs you are the father. no. unless you go through a qualified sperm donation service you generally cannot waive parental rights. if they are married then you may be able to terminate parental rights and they would perform an adoption but until that adoption takes place the father. you need a lawyer to do this correctly. easier and free ≠ = legally protected i know people have done it though had a personal agreement as well that they honored so it was never put to the test of lawyers and such. i just want to be smarter about it. i was under the impression it may have been impossible to make a true contract. talk to a lawyer about it. and see where that gets me. just go through a clinic with a lawyer. that the only way to protect yourself in this scenario. be a diy job. things like child support be waived and the state going to want to foot the bill for your offspring whenever it can help it governments interested in making it easy for a child to lose a potential source of child support. i would strongly suggest talking to a family lawyer. what talking about is possible but very tricky legally as the law is designed to ensure that every child has the right to support from both a mother and a father. sperm donation is absolutely a thing of course but the contracts surrounding it need to be airtight. i would not diy it. that what heard we were hoping it would be easier and free. no no no and no. go through a fertility clinic unless you want the risk of paying child support for 18 years. go through a fertility clinic. there no diy way to avoid paternity that fall apart in the face of a paternity suit. is there a contract we can sign a donation of some sort that legally takes my parental rights away no.