last month i sold my 2000 audi a4 via cragslist for $2 900. we each wrote a bill of sale signed and dated. the bill of sale states "the undersigned buyer accepts receipt of this bill of sale and understands that the above vehicle is sold in "as is" condition with no guarantees or warranties either expressed or implied for the vehicle. she took the car to a german repair shop in which they quoted her $6 000 to make the car "dependable". she called me asking for a refund in which i politely declined because it was a private party transaction in which we both signed on. this morning i received a letter from her attorney stating: "if you do not return the $2 900 plus the costs incurred by my client to have the car assessed in exchange for the return of the 2000 audi i have advised my client to sue you for the $6 000 to repair the vehicle so that it functions properly and can pass deq. in addition my client will recover court costs and attorney fees. the basis of the claim shall be intentional misrepresentation and fraud" #x200b; i have contacted some attorneys but would greatly appreciate advice on where to take this. the lawyer is trying to bluff you into getting scared and coughing up money. anyone can sue for any reason which mean they can win. you can either ignore his letter and await actual lawsuit paperwork filed with the court or send them a copy of the signed agreement highlighting the as is and tell them to pound sand. also: very important!!!! you are required to inform the oregon dmv that sold the car and that it is no longer in your name. if you already do this immediately . she gonna end up leaving that car at the mechanic who gonna try to recover his labo cost from the registered titled owner which is you until you get the dmv notified. oregon lemon law does not apply to used cards. got her signature on the bill of sale that clearly says "as is". she do shit. lawyers write letters all the time trying to scare people into compliance. she not pursuing a lawsuit. she threatening to in hopes that get intimidated and cave in. she can sue you in small claims court or whatever if she really wants to but watch any episode of judge judy to see how that going to turn out for her. let her spend money on lawyers if she pleases she have a case. lemon laws are typically for new production cars not private used sales. i am located in oregon. i told her everything i knew about the car mechanically including it leaked oil. i told her given its age and condition 180 000 miles the car was plenty driveable. these are rhetorical questions answer here. were you aware of any mechanical defects to the vehicle if so were those disclosed to the buyer every state that i'm aware of has a "lemon law" that requires you to do this. adding "as is" to the purchase agreement does not absolve you of this obligation. see what a local attorney says about your state requirements and go from there. where are you located and did you lie to her about the condition of the car did you know it needed a bunch of work and tell her it was in excellent mechanical shape 