i'm going to make this as short as possible so if anyone reads this and wants more info just ask ill provide. #x200b; i worked for a large company and they filed for ch. 11 bankruptcy 4 days before they fired me and fired me on the exact day they closed hundreds of stores. no previous write ups excellent performance just fired right on the spot. they pulled me a back office tried to say i was manipulating their system with my orders therefore increasing my commision. which is so far from wrong. they even tried to tell me i have a better chance of keeping my job if i signed an agreement to pay them a random and unproven estimate of $3 500 which i supposedly cost the company. as i said i was an excellent employee there and did anything but lose them money. i have a copy of my sales report for my record as well. #x200b; to give you a quick example they told me that i made an extra $150 on one order by splitting it. i remembered the order instantly and it was for a solider and they financed the order in house we maxed out his financing and had to create another order to put the rest of his items on it. you not split use two payments on a leasing financing order. that is just one of the many many reasons why i and other associates have to split orders. #x200b; i applied for unemployment that night which was about 2 months ago now. they had me move for this job and my rent is high so i wait. unemployment went nowhere until i called my state rep. and they got back to me the next day and told me the notice of determination is sent out. i got it in about 6 days and it was of course denied under misconduct. kind of weird how unemployment just sat on there determination until i went over there heads. #x200b; they mainly said i violated a rule as for the finding of fact. it states i should have been aware of this rule. i aware heck i even think it can be a rule because it impossible not to split orders. i have been working the same way since the start and no higher management ever said anything to me except the constant pats on the back for doing a good job. #x200b; now it is obvious to see this was just a very unethical way to fire me without giving me the severance package they promised to employers that would be terminated due to the bankruptcy and stores closing. i had a friend co worker in fl that used to live in pa get fired a day or two before me for a supposed missing bank deposit "that they would look into check bank cam footage" and they told him the same thing as me if he gives them money he has a better chance of keeping his job. i believe a company this big would use coercion on employees trying to distort them for money. i guess they needed all the money they can get for the bankruptcy they owed a vendor of ours 100 million dollars are were billions in debt. i know any of this before accepting the job btw . at the time i have a boss he was still with the company but no longer over me they even fired his father as well after 25 years working for the company. they were just full blown taking everyone out they could. #x200b; so really the question to all this is if willing to go this low to get rid of employees what going to stop them from forging paperwork at the hearing and lying to the judge honestly put it past them to lie under oath. as i said i do have proof of my performance and some other photos i took of paperwork when they fired me. but that all i have. i am a good citizen never gotten a speeding ticket fine etc. never received unemployment before either. have a college education a good job history for my age. that really all i have going for me. oh yeah and i have a few job interviews this month lined up as well. i really need to pursue this appeal this put me in a lot of debt and need to pay off the credit card i been living off of while i'm unemployed. it not pocket change they owe me. #x200b; any advice would be really appreciated. if left any info anyone needs out ill elaborate further. thanks in advance. #x200b; #x200b;