i quit my job and moved in with my mom because i was getting sexually harassed at my job which involved living with my boss. so now i'm back living with my mom with some serious mental issues and she tells me shes putting it on the market and moving in with my aunt. she told me shes selling it because she " want to see faces in the windows" because my dad killed himself here last year. instead of putting on the market she decided to rent it out to my sister and brother in law who are now kicking me out without a source of income. i been given any notice i was simply rudely woken up this morning to my sister screaming at me because i punched more holes in my walls out of an emotional outburst and was told i was to leave today. i already have an apartment lined up but its not finished yet and be for another 3 weeks or so. my plan is to move in with my good sister and live there until i'm able to move into my apartment. this seems pretty unfair because the original idea was for my sister and i to swap places to somewhere i afford because i have a job because of my social anxiety and i'm getting help through the unemployment office. idk what to do i feel very pressured and i think this is fair and tell my mom or bad sister anything. never mind i have nothing constructive to say. termination due to property damage requires seven days written notice. if they kick you out before then your only real recourse is to sue for unlawful eviction and any damages you are awarded assuming you win will likely be offset by the damage done so it really may be in your best interests to move out immediately and hope they sue you for the damages. you should look into anger management classes. punching holes in walls is not a healthy or acceptable way of dealing with stress. it going to end up getting you in a lot more trouble down the road if you get it under control. ordinarily entitled to 30 days notice to terminate your tenancy. my sister screaming at me because i punched more holes in my walls out of an emotional outburst this may complicate things. there is process to them ending your tenancy sooner over something like this if that option is available to them in these specific circumstances. but it is likely in your interest to avoid their undertaking that process.