california. we were warned the pipes were a bit old and when we complained about the smell from the sink told nothing could be done about it but so far we any issues that a drain plug and a little standing water ameliorate. #x200b; the other night my housemate emerged into the living room kitchen area to find our sink was flooded with fetid water our countertop was flooded and it was spilling over onto the floor. this was not clean water and it seems extremely likely it ours; taken showers in the morning done laundry in the afternoon but this occurred around 6 8 pm. given that we were on the ground floor and that it was coming from our kitchen sink we think it was dishwater or laundry water from our neighbors above us and possibly lateral to us . #x200b; we set to bailing out the sink with our pots and pans throwing it out in the planter by our door. countertop appliances were unplugged clothes and towels were conscripted into trying to dry the floor and where necessary carpets. in addition to inundating our kitchen and drawers it also somehow leaked through the dividing wall to pool at the corner of the bathroom closest to the kitchen. it a large pool but given the obstacles in the way that was particularly alarming. #x200b; we called our property owners' emergency hotline got an answering machine called their office line it was after hours ditto and even tried their fax line went about as well as expect . two messages on the emergency line vmb one on the office vmb. we took photos and video of the water everywhere alerted our renters' insurer and submitted a maintenance ticket on our community portal. #x200b; i also wandered upstairs to ask our immediately above us neighbors if they were running their dishwashers and if possible whether they could stop it. they but our neighbor immediately above us mentioned that this was not an isolated incident it happened to them on the second floor too and it was possibly the reason the previous occupant of our apartment had left. they complained at length about the filthy water that winds up pumped into their apartment too and the only reason i stay to commiserate longer was that we were still dealing with the issue at the time. #x200b; in the morning our sink had started flooding by itself again. fortunately both called in late to work the previous night to see if we could speak with a plumber and the property administrators. the results were: the maintenance guy came by to unclog the sink and keep it from flooding. we still had to do a bit of bailing before he showed up. we were told "yeah this happens sometimes just call the emergency line if it happens again." "oh you did last night well the phones are old must have been a technical glitch. it normally works." free carpet cleaning and airing out the apartment. verbal assurance that we liable. my housemate wanted to record a conversation with the housing administrators and was refused. california two party consent . i want to get some kind of recorded writing is fine assurance that if this happens when the two of us are out or asleep we will not be held accountable for damages. #x200b; i have minimal experience as a tenant and have done some quick googling on california tenant law but the things that stand out to me is that the landlords clearly are aware of this issue the capacity it has to do harm and have chosen to do nothing preventative about it. all they do is clean up the mess after the fact. is there any way to make them do something proactive about it or failing that guarantee in writing to take responsibility if it causes issues in the future email is probably fine for documenting but occasionally recipients take certified mail more seriously. it kinda says you mean business. also if it a large office the letter may reach someone other than the person who reads the emails. good luck this sounds stressful. thank you fort the input! my housemate has renters insurance which i think covers me at the moment. this has happened to us once well twice counting this morning in about a hundred days of living here but our upstairs neighbors insisted vigorously it was a repeated event with existent track record. #x200b; i already have emails sent to specific housing administrators and their generic property inbox. is certified mail that much superior not a lawyer but since you have no responses here what do. send a letter via certified mail and an email with the same content outlining what happened. keep it as concise and dispassionate as possible. get renter insurance if you already have it. if it keeps happening it may become an issue of habitability where be able to force them to fix it or break your lease but in my nonprofessional opinion one occurrence during your lease is probably not enough to rise to that level. it is very stupid on their part not to fix it because it will damage the building but have a hard time claiming it was your fault. mean they try so definitely keep a record of all your attempts to alert them of the issue.