i am currently working on a project with the state parks and recs department to have an art garden installed in a park. i formed a corporation and i am currently applying for 501 c 3 because the garden would be a donation to the parks and recs foundation. the parks and recs department is designing and approving the park and garden. i am helping and providing input on the design of the garden. the park playground is out of the scope of my project and is potentially going to be donated by another nonprofit. the other nonprofit has met with the city on the playground design and have their design already. from what i have been told once the park and garden are constructed the city will assume maintenance such as sidewalks and other tasks to ensure the location is suitable for public accessibility. talking with my lawyer he is telling me if someone gets hurt on the playground or if they fall in the garden my nonprofit could be sued and my personal assets could be liable in a lawsuit against my nonprofit. he has even stated they could just sue me personally and skip the corporation lawsuit. this really make sense to me if i am operating as a corporation not doing anything fraudulent and all responsibility for design approval and maintenance is being assumed by the parks department. it is also on city property. it feels as thought my lawyer is being a bit alarmist but i am not sure. can i be sued personally if someone gets hurt on the playground or in the garden additionally if i have d o insurance and the corporation does get sued if the settlement is more than my coverage say i have $500k in coverage and settlement is for $1m can they come after my personal assets for the difference or would the corporation just cover what they could and then go into bankruptcy and fold if they can come after me personally say something happens 10 years after the construction of the garden is there a time frame for which i am no longer liable for the garden what can i do to minimize my risk exposure fast facts: for the location my nonprofit would be responsible for the garden and the other nonprofit would be responsible for the playground. the other nonprofit has already met with playground designers and designed their playground without assistance or input from my nonprofit. the garden will be located to the side of the playground with a path leading from the playground to the garden. the city designers are drafting the design with input from my nonprofit. the city would hire the general contractor to handle all aspects of the project. the garden would be a donation to the city park department on behalf of my nonprofit and we would not be hiring or paying anyone directly to construct the garden. basically my nonprofit would raise the money for the garden and then donate it the parks rec foundation with a restriction for the garden. not a nebraska lawyer so take this information with a huge grain of salt: 1. nonprofit corporation generally owned. nonprofits are not supposed to have shareholders. 2. your lawyer is correct that someone can sue both you and the nonprofit. in the us you can be sued for putting too much mayonnaise in a sandwich. assuming the corporation is operated properly and nothing else has been done to mess up its liability protection directors and officers are protected from all the stuff done under the corporation and if they are sued a court will throw the suit out. still have to pay for a lawyer to get the court to do so however. d o insurance can help pay for this. 3. only stuff done under the corporation is protected. stuff done before the corporation is formed protected. if you signed somewhere in your own name without it explicitly indicating it was on behalf of the corporation it can be used against you to say it was done in your personal capacity. i'm a lawyer but not your lawyer. this is not legal advice just general information so depend on it at your own risk. the internet is a scary place so believe every thing you read. if you need legal advice hire a lawyer to be your lawyer = 