hi! so i know a lot of you from poland but that ok. if you know anything about the law any starting points would be helpful. i did editorial service for a starting kayaking business deep in rural poland. i work as a private person on a gap year but i make little enough that starting business is unnecessary. i regulate my taxes yearly. i completed the editorial service according to specifications i have a recording of one of the calls idk if it legal evidence and e mails . the business refused to pay me explaining in broken polish that he "just like it" and pointing out a few sentences from different documents from a 11k word project. he refuses to have these parts fixed and just wants to resign from the contract "just 'cause he like it too much" his words. contract is verbal not written but he many times repeats that he wants to avoid plagiarism and expand on the ideas he either copied from other websites or listed himself. we changed over 90% of words and order of the rest including sentence order expanding content and generally creating a new text altogether with his notes as a base. now i wrote him a long e mail reminding him that the contract while verbal is legally binding and he needs to show the proof that it was not done up to specifications or pay the money. it was page long and nicer than that. i know he will not pay. what are my legal options for making him very regretful about it. i want revenge i just want to prevent him from exploiting other workers. he also on a different unrecorded call suggested that he doing a lot of shady semi legal practices in terms of his business especially regarding safety. i want to have a material for another e mail threatening possible legal action that is within my moral rights of warning customers of his dishonesty and a plan for the future. what are my options worth giving a shot! thanks! okay. i'm not removing your post. i'm just preparing you for not really getting the answers you need due to the lack of participation from those regions. good luck. seem some ppl from eu and poland here hence i'm asking i. oh. i misread your location to read "portland" which is a city in the us. i am afraid none of us know enough about the law in poland or the eu to advise you further. we have those but we do have very predatory job control and tax control. he has mentioned that he really have all the necessary documentation safety nor does he appear to have any knowledge about business edit: at least from business owners i know there is a high threshold on money when you can take things to court "i want him to be regretful" and "i want to prevent him from doing this to others" is outside your power. you can sue him for the money he owes you in small claims court.