hi #x200b; i am a low level employee at a venue and we recently had an event that was egregiously bad. so bad that people wanted refunds. i felt cheated by the sponsors of the event so i contacted a local newspaper about it. i used a fake name and requested anonymity but because of miscommunication within the paper they ran the story with my fake name and position in the company. because only a few people have the same title as me it was going to come out that i was the one who contacted the media. my boss reached out to me and asked if i had spoken to anyone and i admitted to it. they said they were grateful to me for being honest and were going to talk to some others and call me back. when i received a call back two hours later i was put on speaker phone with other people but i know who. they asked me about when i contacted the paper if used a fake name if made it clear i was speaking my own viewpoints and if they could see a copy of the e mail i had sent to the paper. i was honest about everything but was hesitant about sending the e mail. i want to be compliant because i intended no ill wishes to the company and i reveal anything that was "confidential" or being kept under wraps. so i sent the e mail that i had originally sent to the newspaper to my company. #x200b; am i in any sort of legal trouble for "leaking " should i seek out council for any other conversations that i may have with the company what about turning over documents should i release anything to them if they ask for more i have never been in any sort of situation like this and "honesty is the best policy" will only get me so far. as long as you lie it not slander. i imagine there a basis for a civil suit for using an assumed name. if you think be fired try and find a job asap and resign. high likelihood be fired for cause and if apply denied unemployment. probably for acting as a representative of the company without permission. you have to give them any other information but that will also get you fired. 