a few years a ago my mother passed away. there is no spouse domestic partners or other children. ; she had a rental agreement in a small apartment in pa and i was contacted by the landlord. they want money for the remaining lease plus extra for cleaning out the apartment. the amount requested is rather large. ; ; i was in contact with and gave approval for cleaning out the apartment as i could not handle being there in person. ; i paid for the funeral. i asked for but did not receive a copy of the proof of expenses plus the lease agreement from the landlord. its been over two years since the request and all contact stopped shortly after asking for this information. ; ; i just recently found out she has a bank account with a small balance. its enough to cover the funeral expense plus a little extra. however the requested amount would eat the amount. i know i am not on the hook for more than what is in the account. i have been told that i can close out the account with out probate using the death cert proof of id and receipt for the funeral. ; the state wants tax from the balance less the funeral cost and debt. there is also a statement that it has to happen within several months of the death. ; she has borrowed money from me in the past in the excess of the remaining balance. i cant really prove it but i could rightly claim that i am a debtor as well. ; the amount of money is not as important as tying up loose ends however i cannot emotionally handle being contacted by debtors. there are no issues with ss and no other material or financial assets. i did not do an obituary or a formal service. there was no probate or any other legal processes. there really isnt an estate at all. i do not know of any other debits services etc that may have rights to payment of the estate. ; ; a few questions: ; ; how long will the account remain open and can it be taken by the bank? there seems to be no fees or active drains on the balance. ; if i close out the account and or send the tax money will i be opening myself to be sued or contacted by debtors collections government etc? ; how would i find out if there is outstanding debt collections or people in the waiting for payment? how would i assign priority to who gets paid first? ; if i send the tax money to the state will i be penalized for not sending it in any sooner? what will the penalty be? ; is there anyway that any debtor can sit and wait on the status of the account to change and figure out what happened? ; ; ; ultimately i want to protect myself but having this as an open question is partly keeping me from moving on. ; ; thanks all ; thank you for the reply. to clarify: there is no will and no legal action to be head of the estate. there is really nothing beyond the bank account that would be an asset. i would be taking over the account as next of kin and assumed that anything beyond funeral and debt would be taxed as inheritance. i know that as of now i am in the clear. my concern is if i close out the account i am opening up myself to any unknown amount of people legit or not looking for a payout. there would be a few hundred to the first or loudest person and then all others i would constanlty have to mail a dc and proof of zero funds i think pennsylvania has a statute that designates what debts get paid first. funeral homes and immediate medical bills from the death get paid first. if there nothing left after that then all other creditors are sol. i know who told you that the state wants tax from the balance remaining in the account but i understand that at all. if you were to receive any of that money as inheritance then be inheritance tax due on that amount but from what saying your mom have enough money to cover debts and pass money on to you. as the daughter you are not personally liable for any of your mother debts. the only way be liable is if your mother had a will that named you the executor or if your mother did not have a will if you were appointed the administrator of your mom estate. if you were named administrato then you were responsible for settling the debts of your mom. if this is the case recommend speaking with a lawyer. if you were never named administrato and if you really care about or need the money then frankly just let it go. if you never do anything with it eventually go to the state unclaimed property bureau. but if you do want the money to reimburse you for funeral expenses then you should contact a lawyer. any estate lawyer in your area should be willing to sit down with you for at least minutes to do a free consultation. hope this helps! 