here some more info. ; on october as we were leaving school let call call my classmate l l pulls forward in his truck and stops. i follow behind him and come to a stop several feet away from him. then i notice he starts going in reverse. i honk my horn for about seconds and he never stopped causing him to hit me and dent my bumper. we both get out our vehicles and talk for a bit. i said that it was ok and that talk to my dad but i file a report. ; later. both insurance companies his and mine contacted me to give a statement. i did exactly that giving witnesses my point of view and exactly what happened. ; turns out the lady that called me from his insurance company called again a week later asking for another statement. my father and i are perplexed and say already given one but they deny it and say they have one. i'm unsure as to why they check the call logs but i digress. more research is being done on this by our insurance company. ; l has talked to his father about what happened obviously keeping out important details. he admitted to his parents that he was in reverse but when his insurance called he changed his story so it seemed that i hit him while he was parked. ; we get a letter in the mail explaining that he is not found liable and that they be paying for any damages. this cost my family as a deductible to pay for the damages. ; we are planning on getting a mediator but is there anything else i can do to get our money back and get his insurance company to pay us? ; i'm happy to give more details. i gave them a witness. there still a few i talked to yet if you have a witness why you provided that information? to their ins. stop what you are doing call his insurance and provide the tpc info. of course they are going to believe him its his word vs urs. the evidence is a gap in my bumper where he smacked it. the school parking lot has cameras but this was a while back and yet to request it. i'm unsure if they have the video anymore. ; i have a witness and i'm sure several others saw it. been trying to find out who else saw it but to no avail. i do believe i know another person. i'm trying to find as many as possible. do you have other witnesses or physical evidence? if it just your word against his it will be difficult to make the insurer change their mind. 