i went to gold gym and told them i would only want to pay for two months of their gym membership. they said we only have three month long memberships but you can sign up and cancel after the second month so only pay for two months. so i signed up with my card but later found that when you submit a cancellation notice it can only go through days later. i ended up being charged for three months. the thing is i was specially told that i would only be paying for two months and was not told about this strange cancellation policy. obviously they knew i would actually be paying for three months but did not tell me about it. i also recall the price of the membership being a bit higher than what they told me i would be charged but since they tell me they have an official contract i have no way of proving this either. i mean i am usually good about being responsible and reading contracts but i realize that they never gave me a contract to sign in the first place! not to mention i have never heard of a cancellation policy that only goes into effect days later. everything is driven by technology and should be able to be canceled by the touch of a button. that very sketchy and i should have realized that. first of all if there is no contract i signed i double checked and they told me over the phone too that they have an official contracts how can they prove that i ever owed them any money at all? there something really wrong about this? second i also switched credit cards since and am not sure what would happen if i just ignored the outstanding charge. third is this fraud? or was i just being stupid. i feel like i could have been smarter but there was so much i just genuinely had no idea about. like a day cancellation policy no written contract so i prove that they charged me a bit more than was verbally agreed on or lied about only having to pay for two months this is all so bullshit. yeah make sure to also ask if you agreed to terms and conditions when you signed it not what a lot of people think of as signing a contract but it still an agreement to abide by their terms which would likely include the cancelation policy. so the traine told me to sign up at the front desk and input my payment information. actually now that i think about it i think i did sign something i had to have. but i’m not sure why now saying that there is no contract when i ask to see it. have to call them again. how did they get your credit card number to charge if you agree to anything while you were there? i mean you must have hit a button or something that probably included something about agreeing to their terms and conditions. i called them and they told me there is no “contract” but they entered in all the information when i signed up in their online database. they do have a contract for the cancellation form but i never officially signed anything when i signed up so no terms or conditions . yeah i will be disputing their charge and honestly it not even about the money. i just think feel like their sales people lie and try to get away with it then try to gaslight you into thinking that there was a misunderstanding and it was your fault — and designed some system of having “no contract” so that you prove that they were lying. anyway thanks! there are no terms or conditions or anything? what did you sign when you signed up? if they have literally nothing showing that you agreed to them making credit card charges then dispute the charge. they told me i would be able to cancel after two months to avoid having to pay for three months. but their cancellation policy means that i would have to cancel after one month to avoid paying for an extra month but i was told cancelling after two months means only paying for two months. but mainly i’m confused that telling me that there is no contract. i’m pretty sure the person said and not per month but this was all verbal and apparently there is no contract so i dispute it? i’m just super confused as to how there can be no official contract about any of this so technically they could just be charging people whatever they want and saying “well you misheard what he said too bad”. if you google "gold gym cancellation" you see that most locations require days notice so no i think this is fraud. did they tell you that be able to cancel without any notice period or did they just say that you can cancel after two months? also have to indicate in some way that you agree to be charged so presumably whatever that was said any relevant cancellation policies would be applicable. you can dispute the charge and try to fight it if you want to though. if you pay it it can go to collections and harm your credit and end with you getting sued.