this is in ohio and this ladies company was working on my house and was the cause for property being destroyed. i went to court won the judgement the lady ignores all communication and the court tells me to file them in contempt. i dont want to do that without a heads up so i message them one last time and she tells me shes in bankruptcy. does she just get out of paying? this payment is huge for me i cant pay it off poor college student i understand how someone can just file for bankruptcy and get cleared after damaging my property telling me pay for it not paying getting a judgement and then file for bankruptcy. im very frustrated right now. im not sure if she filed yet but she said she was in bankruptcy. i already payed for the replacement thinking this person was a decent human being stupid decision. ; feel free to message me for more info individual she had insurance but it didnt cover the incident and no i have not yet received the notice of bankruptcy. ; man thats so unfair lots of missing facts here. was this an individual or a business that you received a judgment against? did the individual or business have insurance or a bond? have you received notice of the bankruptcy? bankruptcy filings are federal and can be found on oscar. if this business or individual has filed for bankruptcy you will be included as a creditor. you may receive a portion of the money you are owed or maybe nothing. if they have not yet filed for bankruptcy you can continue your collection efforts such as garnishing wages or levying bank accounts. your comment has been removed for the following reason : you are replying to your own post. rather than reply to your own post either reply to the comment replying to or edit your post to put the information there. please read our subreddit rules . if after doing so you believe this was in error or edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators = . do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment. your comment has been removed. i am a bot and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subreddit message compose ?to= if you have any questions or concerns. 