state: wisconsin #x200b; so some background my fiance was messaged by a former shift manager of his from his previous job. his current job announced that everyone would remain part time and that they afford to promote anyone to full time. so because of that he was looking for something to add about 15 to 20 hours a week to remain "full time" and was excited when his former shift manager was promoted to store manager and sent him a few texts about how she wanted him to come back for a shift lead position. #x200b; the next day he went into the restaurant and they had a discussion about everything and what his expectations were with the biggest being that he needed health insurance. she told him to apply and so based on the original text messages and the discussion they had he applied for the shift lead position online. the manager approved the application as is and he found himself with forms to sign up for health insurance as well as manager training and the usual tax stuff. he filled everything out and submitted it. #x200b; about three days into the job he asked about the insurance and she told him that she had changed his position to customer service rep and that have to start from the bottom. when he asked why and showed her the original messages and promise made she accused him of being "threatening" and walked away. he messaged everything he intended to say and said have a meeting on monday "so that this happen again." she then accused him of doubting her ability to manage #x200b; to make matter worse his current job has him at full time hours for the holiday season. he asked to be scaled back to part time a month early so that he could get some managerial experience via the new position. there is a chance that he may not be able to rescind this request which will result in him losing income as the old job paid about $2 an hour more and was averaging about 50 hours a week to match the holiday demands. #x200b; frustrated and angry he going to listen to what she has to say on monday but we already have a feeling it going to go well. i told him probably be best to just walk away since not honoring what they promised but the fact of the matter is is that looking at a potential $1000 loss because of that request. i am wondering if we have any legal options or if essentially screwed. for those wondering in wisconsin. wisconsin is a right to work state there is no guarantee of position or salary just left a position that was paying me several dollars less a hour than was agreed to when i started that what i was afraid about. it pretty shitty that an employer can do something like this and i think it a definite sign that things are not going to improve. his original firing was struck off the record because the regional manager said it went against corporate policy which is why they were more than willing to take him back that and his service champion record and order times. my biggest fear now is that if full time comes up sometime this year or later on at his other job he may have put himself in a position in which he permanently overlooked. and what more is that i'm hoping the insurance side have an impact when he signs up for a plan through the aca exchange. i am wondering if we have any legal options or if essentially screwed. no recourse unless your fiance has an employment contract for a definite length of time and at a stated amount of compensation.