so title pretty much says it all but a little elaboration. public school to be clear our math teacher recently added listening devices of some sort on our desks so now she hears any conversation we have. now there was a court case for my state essentially saying that as long as it an excessively loud conversation there is enough of an expectation of privacy and my state is two party consent so i feel like this ok but i mean am i wrong no but statistically it less likely so i figured it was important to note being mid thirties mean she have a hearing issue. i know but its exceptionally odd that a woman in her mid 30s would have microphones on our table that feed into speakers at her desk. because as it currently stands there are periods in class doing work independently and are allowed to talk. these may be accommodations for difficulty of hearing that she has. always assume the best about people. why would she want to record your conversations in math class why are you having conversations in math class it could be a closed loop hearing system that is used by theaters and the such like. normally a deaf person will switch there hearing aid to t where they will be able to hear what is being said. the sign for it is an ear with a line through it and a capital t. here is a link to a site about it. i believe it recording but i say that to a great accuracy. are you sure the teacher had these installed to eavesdrop on your conversations or she had them installed to amplify sound because she has difficulty hearing her students is it recording or is it just a live pa move up to the superintendent and the school board. that has been done i just wanted to know while i wait for a response the appropriate course of action in the event this is illegal and they care. start by politely asking the principal what going on and if aware of it. there are microphones on the tables that all go back to a speaker system at her desk it on all the tables she seems able to hear us perfectly fine anywhere else. i say seen any such device in her ear no. explain how this works. is she wearing an earbud or headphones in order to hear these conversations as i am imagining it this sounds like a fairly elaborate and expensive system that would be unlikely for a teacher to install herself without district approval. and to do so just to hear students whispering would be fairly extreme. i mean all teachers know students whisper and know that the whisperings of students is not interesting enough to go to elaborate lengths to hear. this sounds like it could be an accommodation provided by the school for a hearing impairment.