hi reddit this is my first time posting and i need help. a friend recommended i seek advice through this subreddit. i work in the service industry in toronto ontario at a corporate chain restaurant with around 50 employees. it a fine place to work but right now i'm struggling with something. #x200b; our restaurant is shutting down over a period of 10 days to get a $500 000 renovation which all been told to look forward to as it will improve our business and hopefully earn us servers better tips. during these 10 days out of work. a couple of us have been scheduled small shifts during the shut down where we will be outdoors couponing and promoting the restaurant so that business will be booming when we reopen. the last 3 days of the renovation we have been scheduled 3 days of training in which we will be paid for "20 30 hours of work." all this in itself is fine but things get weird. #x200b; the problem is just found out that not only will we not be paid minimum wage for the training we will not even be paid minimum wage for the couponing that doing during the rest of the week!! only certain employees who are hosts and thus serve tables receive tips will be receiving the standard ontario minimum wage of $14.00 h. the rest of us who are servers and bartenders will be receiving the server minimum wage of $12.20 h. this seems wrong to me we are all doing the same job this week therefore we all be receiving minimum wage we will not be interacting with any customers in a way that would get as any tips all week so it "even out". at training every employee be they host or server or bartender will be sitting down and filling out worksheets and listening to instructions not serving tables or interacting with patrons. we all receive the standard ontario minimum for these hours why only pay some employees the minimum but not the rest of us #x200b; this is so crazy that i feel like there must be some sort of loophole that corporate is exploiting. it a large company with many chain restaurants and i know if we should just lie down and accept our fate and get screwed by the system or whether we should be fighting this and demanding equal pay. maybe i'm completely misguided and i'm crazy to ask that i be paid at minimum for the training! i know! what do i do been combing ontario.ca to try and understand what my rights are in this situation but i feel like i'm not getting the information i need. please help us! i’m going to guess which chain it is and suggest you contact the general manager and ask why this is happening also contact the corporate office ask them and go to the ontario labour board about this. however i imagine a loophole has been discovered that lets them do this 