i been to this sub before i hope this is the right place to post this sorry for the length i was on my way home in nj and got off the turnpike to get onto another smaller highway. even though it was mid afternoon on a thursday it was pretty busy. right after i got onto the highway i moved over to the middle lane and let some cars pass me on my left. as the last couple of cars passed me i saw that we went next to a speed trap that had a state trooper facing us. i think much of it because i'm pretty sure i up to the speed limit at that point and then moved to the left lane passing lane when i could. after driving a few more miles i was behind a car somewhat similar to mine small black with a spoiler just cruising behind him; then all of a sudden i see police lights in my review mirror. my immediate thought was "he must want to get past us to get somewhere" so i moved over to the middle lane expecting him to keep going. but 10 seconds later he moved behind me again and i thought "am i being pulled over why " in the past i had gotten pulled over for a broken license plate light but this was during the middle of the day and i definitely think i was going fast enough to warrant getting pulled over. so while i pulled over and while i waited for him to come up to my car i took out my license registration insurance card and i checked all of them thinking that maybe one of them expired without me realizing but they were all fine. he got out of his car and asked me the standard "do you know why i pulled you over " and i genuinely said "no sir." cop: "i clocked you going 100mph" in a 65mhph zone me: obviously shocked and not sure if he was joking "no way there is no way i was going 100" cop: yup you were you passed right by me 3 exits back and i finally just caught up with you me: going 100 would scare the hell out of me. i would never do that. and my car shakes if i go anywhere even over 85 so i would definitely know if i was going that fast. i was just following traffic in front of me. he caught onto what i had said and turned it on me and i made a huge mistake. cop: well i got you going 100mph but the lowest i got you was 83mph that meant without me looking directly at my speedometer he could say i was going almost the max of what my car could handle and i know i think i was going over 80 at all but at that point i was so scared i was going to get a huge ticket he was so adamant about me going 100 and i knew he could write whatever he wanted and just give me the ticket without proof and because of that i said "well i maybe could have been going 83 but i know i doing 100" and that was all he needed for him to write me up for a ticket for going 83mph. he had asked if i had any points on my license and i said no because i and when he came back with the ticket he said "i'm doing you a huge favor if i wrote you up for 100mph you would have had your license suspended." i drove off a bit scared and shocked and angry at myself for admitting to something i think i did. and when i got home i looked at the cost of the ticket $180 any other time i have talked to friends if they had gotten pulled over the highest amount i have seen was $65 i figured if it was that much i would bite the bullet and just pay it. but $180 is insane! also he said that my license would have gotten suspended from one ticket ! is that actually true i want to fight this but i think i will win do you have any advice about what i should do and what i can do differently next time #x200b; tldr: this one of those stories of how i felt threatened by a cop beating me or anything but i was so scared by his pressuring authority that i falsely admitted to speeding way more than i was actually going and now have a huge ticket. is there anything i can do about this if i chose to take it to court believe me they . that why they call it a second tax. if off work you might try anyways but i still recommend you . the reason being is that the prosecutor will offer you a deal most likely to knock it down by 2 points. if you go to trial have to reject their deal and if you lose your trial which you most likely will be stuck with 4 points instead of 2. remember there other expenses to consider here. having 4 points on your driving record will raise your car insurance rates. that why my suggestion is take their plea deal to knock 2 points off and get rid of the other 2 by taking an online mvc approved course. no problem. imo it not worth to fight it. if you take it to trial going to miss work just to lose anywats since the cop has a confession from you. but it completely up to you. yup. and the judge is going to take the cop testimony over yours. usually the statute has the penalties listed not the ticket itself. it not listed on tickets. look on nj.gov going 83 in 65mph zone is 4 points on your license. your best bet is to schedule a court date in the town you got pulled over. it should be on your ticket. at best the prosecuter will knock it down to 2 points and from there you can take an online point removal course to get back down to zero. your mistake in this situation was confessing that you were speeding but honestly it have mattered anyways. it was going to be his word vs. your word and judges will always take the cop word. there really nothing else you can do and it not worth to fight it. cops in jersey are notorious for pulling everyone over just to meet their quotas. so i do sympathize with you since been in your shoes. i hope this helps. tl:dr; op never checked their speedometer. got pulled over. thinks arguing with the cop = being bullied. you can try to contest the ticket in court or pay it. that your recourse. "well i maybe could have been going 83 but i know i doing 100" so you admitted to the cop you were going 83 miles per hour also he said that my license would have gotten suspended from one ticket ! yes there are speeds you can go that can lead to suspension of your licence. they are state dependent. is there anything i can do about this if i chose to take it to court are there any points involved if there are points or if you believe your insurance rates will jump significantly consulting a traffic attorney would be a good idea. 