i sold a car a couple weeks ago. i guess the guy i sold it to never registered it and re listed it almost immediately with a higher price tag and add a few lies like it being 4 wheel drive. who ever he sold it to saw my name on the title and is trying to contact me on facebook. the new buyer claims the car was fraudulently sold to him and wants any info i can give him to help him take legal action against the person i originally sold to. i'm not opposed to helping him but i want to open myself up to any additional liability or obligations. is there any legal risk for me in contacting the most recent buyer and providing info that a great reason not to carry your title around. having it or not it stop the car from being stolen. and apparently as in this case people will buy cars without the title ownership. i think my system is better. the title is always with the vehicle the buyer expects to receive the title with the transfer of ownership section signed. the buyer is responsible for confirming the seller photo id and signature matches the signature on the transfer. does the vehicle title include the current owners name yes do you guys keep this title in the vehicle for presentation to law enforcement no it registered with the rmv dmv. if it kept in the car what prevents a thief from signing the title and selling the car fraudulently that a great reason not to carry your title around. does the vehicle title include the current owners name do you guys keep this title in the vehicle for presentation to law enforcement if it kept in the car what prevents a thief from signing the title and selling the car fraudulently in california the vehicle title just needs to be released by the current owner then it up to the new buyer to register the car in their name. the seller needs to fill out a notice of transfer and release of liability nrl which i did but the vehicle legally transferred until the buyer pays for the transfer with the dmv. as far as i understand it. i'm not sure not also part of the scam. that part of why i posted. i'm probably not criminally smart enough to even figure out how they could be. my wife has a shared friend with his wife so he is probably a real person using a real facebook account. nal. may i ask how this is possible in my locality required to include a uvip used vehicle information package but even without that we all know that the name on the vehicle portion of the ownership must match the name on photo id such as the drivers license. anything less and the buyer is buying a stolen vehicle as no reason to believe the seller has the authority to make the sale. are you sure the 3rd party part of a scam there be. title jumping is illegal as it cheats the state out of sales tax and registration. the police or ag may be interested.