this happened in florida usa #x200b; thankfully no one was hurt including the driver who was driving alone. i live on a corner of an intersection at my neighborhood he was trying to turn but going to fast and overshot it going through my fence grazing the side of my house and destroying my water softener and taking out the pipe for water to the house. i was inside and heard a crash and ran outside luckily there were a few neighbors out who all saw it happen. once we confirmed the driver wasnt hurt i turned off the main water from the city to stop the flow #x200b; after imploring me and the witnesses not to call the police he left on foot to go tell his girlfriend and didnt come back. the girlfriend came back to the scene apparently they only lived a few blocks away and talked to us and it was at this point the police arrived. the police had to go retrieve him from his house then they brought him to the scene and questioned him and performed the sobriety test. they took him away in cuffs and told me has has a history of dui #x200b; he was driving his girlfriends parents car which did have insurance on it. i got the policy number from the police report. #x200b; so called his insurance and made a claim what now should i took to a lawyer heard sometimes suing insurance is something that should be done but i really know much about that. i just want to make sure i get enough to repair my fence which was only a few months old and the water system #x200b; thanks! #x200b; #x200b; #x200b; #x200b; homeowner insurance company settles matters with driver auto insurance company. easiest solution. good call mr. bot updated you sue the insurance company as they have caused you no damages. your beef is with the driver and possibly owner of the vehicle. an attorney take a property damage only claim anyway no money in it for them. you have 3 choices. let the claim with their insurance play out as it might go off without a hitch. file a claim with your homeowner insurance and let them subrogate. sue the driver and the owner of the vehicle which i would do as last resort