hey all my question is that my mother recently had to contract a company to do some flood damage repairs not covered by insurance due to nature of flood and based on a few things done i was curious if there was any way to legally go about reducing negating the bill. info is below. #x200b; tl;dr: a company knowingly went against my mothers wishes for services provided as well as charged for services they never provided and intentionally created a situation which would require a second charge when they came back to collect their equipment. #x200b; recently my mothers basement flooded due to ground water sump pump had failed so it covered by insurance. she called in a company with the intention of them cleaning up her basement. the company asked her to sign any forms or pay any security fees or anything like that before they had started work since they just assumed it was covered even though she had told them multiple times it . anyway she finally got an un itemized invoice today for a severely inflated bill which she cannot even interpret. the bill was about $5 000 us for 2 days of work but the first day only consisted of 3 drunk guys on call presumably coming into her home pumping out water and leaving fans and dehumidifiers in. only problem was that they blew all of the circuits and never bothered to reset them before they left so the basement flooded again and they had to come back. this resulted in 2 days of equipment charges told verbally over the phone by some operator with the company not on invoice when the equipment was only running for about half a day. she also asked them not to remove anything without her consent as this covered by insurance. she returned to work to find 4 stoned teenagers that had pulled out her floor no argument here removed her doors and also put holes into the wall they said it matter because they had to cut 2 ft up the wall anyway . none of them could answer her questions and it seemed like they were just reading from a script when i called them to ask why they had done certain things. #x200b; i work in a similar industry but live rather far away so by the time i had heard all of this it was too late to advise her on what to do. i told her specifically to not use their service to remove any of her drywall finished basement and to wait until i arrived. i found her basement destroyed but completely dry and with no mold or further need to pull up drywall aside from the massive holes they carelessly had made. called in several favors with local professionals all whom i know personally and they all told me that there was no reason to remove any drywall as it was plenty dry all the way up and no mold present after a few days 4 or 5 by this point. #x200b; a quick googling also shows that this company does this a lot up to the letter in a lot of ways. the charging for equipment which running the removal of property without necessity or consent and even the unprofessional employees. #x200b; i know this sounded very ranty but is there anything we can do here or was she just victim of a predatory company with cruddy business practices and there is nothing to be done 