my mother did sign for them. she make the wisest parenting decisions and this in particular even the worst of them. i have hated these tattoos since i got them. i thought be the coolest kid in 7th grade. that why 13 year old be able to make permanent life altering decisions. i want to have them lasered off but i afford it. i even care to have any criminal action taken against the "artist." i just want him to pay to have the removal done and perhaps if i could damages for suffering. because i have indeed suffered. i know my mother made the horrible choice to sign but even so i'm sure there a pa law stating you can be 17 with a parental signature but no younger. no professional tax paying brick and motar business ever done this to a 13 year old. do i have any options thank you! parental consent. end of story. he does have laws to follow which he did in fact follow. you have no recourse here against him. there really should be a law in place protecting kids. there is but there a loophole which your family pursued. pontificating on is why getting downvotes. like the law write your state representative. was meant as a jab i appreciate having someone to tell me what i mean when i say things. it really helps. there should be a better law protecting kids. so write your congressman. i asked on another reply but it was in 2002 before that law came to be in 2004. what was the law in 2002 or it matter no clue but unlikely to find anybody willing to enforce it if it exists. and criminal action what want anyway just civil court for payment to cover laser removal. that unlikely to happen. even assuming you find the law which need to prove that the shop had any liability past getting your mom approval i find it unlikely a reasonable judge going to say "it your mom fault for agreeing to tattoos 16 years ago." welcome to spend your time trying to pull information together to attempt a small claims suit. i'm not sure why i'm being downvoted i thought it was a perfectly legitimate question and post. because some of your responses look a bit more like complaining about the advice law then accepting the answer you were given. also your post seems to intentionally hide the fact that this happened 12 years ago and people get frustrated when they have to dig through someones answers to find major facts. no. what i think come up. because it relevant. you asked about the legality of your tattoos and a course of action against the artist. you have your answer. that they were legal and you have none. there are many laws to protect children. like the one requiring parental consent in this case. someone should really change that. lots of people disagree with all kinds of legislation. that change it. not sure. i did some searching and the bill that apparently passed in the 2004 session did not appear to change current law. so my guess is that before 2004 tattooing a minor even without consent from the parents may not have been a crime. but keep in mind even if the tattoo artist or tattoo parlor broke some law that necessarily give you a remedy. and in any case 2002 is a long time ago and there are sols. in this case that means statute of limitations but it also means shit outta luck. oh dang. thank you! i think that exactly what do. it might just make me feel a little better in the end. i wish i knew how to petition to have laws changed here you go: write to your state representative explain what happened and end with a request that the laws be tightened up in some specific way setting a minimum age eg. . advocate publicly for the change you want to see in the law. speak to it to the press on social media in the news and so on. join or donate to an advocacy group whose goals you share and pool your effort with others. run for state office yourself when you can and make this an issue you bring to the legislature yourself. governor is the executive branch and executes the laws. you would want to reach out to your representatives in the legislature who create the laws. he did folllow the law by having your parent sign giving permission. i'm sure there a pa law stating you can be 17 with a parental signature but no younger. incorrect. the law is pa. cons. stat. tit.18 ยง6311 and it prohibits tattooing someone under the age of 18 without the consent and presence of a parent or guardian. this has been in effect since 2004. you could try to hold your mother responsible i guess. personally i doubt that would be successful. for what it worth i agree with you no _professional_ tattoo artist would work on a 13 year old. however this is one of the situations where being unprofessional is not illegal. i'm sure there a pa law stating you can be 17 with a parental signature but no younger. even if that law exists now it may not have in 2002. it also unlikely any license enforcement is going to take action after that long. no professional tax paying brick and motar business ever done this to a 13 year old. " " and " " are two different things. ultimately your issue is with your mom and a legal one. it the shop fault that your mom made a poor decision. right. it was worth asking about. sigh my mother did sign for them. which removes the tattoo artist responsibility. as far as i could find since your parent gave consent the tattoo place broke no laws: your issue is with your parent not the tattoo shop. and i can imagine no practical legal recourse you would have against her. pennsylvania allows tattoo artists to tattoo minors with their parents' consent and presence. if your mother consented and if she remained present throughout then the tattoo artist is not liable to you for that alone. if the quality of the tattoos is _extremely_ unacceptable or if you were injured in some way by the tattooing process you might have something. however i hold your breath. pennsylvania code title 18 chapter 63 section 6311 says it is a crime to tattoo a person younger than 18 unless their parent was present and gave consent. if you need someone to pay for removal legally speaking your best bet would be your mom. how old are you the artist legally responsible for you your mother was. 