 My wife and I rent in the NC coastal region. We've been in the same house, we found on Craigslist, for several years because frankly in this area with a university near by our rent is pretty awesome, our landlord on the other hand is another matter. Our landlord is lackadaisical to an extreme. If a problem does arise it is remedied though we've only had one major issue. The problem is that our rent checks are not deposited in a timely manner and on occasion have gone missing, we have had to call and request that our landlord deposit checks which our landlord says they will, but they don't, and when I say they don't I mean checks from April until now are currently outstanding. You can imagine the effect this is having on our finances and needing to keep a large sum of money set aside for the moment our landlord decides to deposit of the checks. We were told checks over 6 months will not be honored by our bank. Today I reached a breaking point in which I sent a text stating we ate changing banking info and we're going need to make sure that our account has no outstanding balances we are going to put a stop payment on all checks in 2 weeks, and to let us know what to resend, and offered to take them to their bank if that makes it easier. -Is there anything I can do to make my landlord deposit checks more timely? -Is there any repercussions I should be worried about legally for saying "we're cancelling, and it is your responsibility to let us know what to resend? Also... My wife and I are worried we are involved in something fishy with our landlord. Doing a Google search for their name it shows they are a real estate lawyer at address A, when googling address A is a law office but not one our landlord is involved with. They want our checks made out to an LLC, when googling this LLC address A shows up as the address. They also want our checks mailed to a PO Box addressed to another company name when searching this company name address A appears again as the business address. -Is this weird behavior? Should I be worried? I was going to suggest the same thing. You can get money orders at your local post offices and it’ll come directly out of your account. Everyone wins. You even get a receipt for it.  Another idea is to set up an account joined to yours at the bank. Each month, transfer the rent amount, and write a check. This works great if you have no banking fees for the account, and even better if you can get interest on the uncashed amounts. This way you aren't having to constantly check to see if he has cashed the checks. This is how I plan on resending the rent, I am not pleased about it because that's just an extra cost on top of the rent. I have a similar problem with my landlord. I've gotten o the point where either make the trip to the bank and withdraw the cash to give them instead.  Why don’t you switch to money orders? Get a receipt for each one. Then you at least won’t have to deal with the bank messes. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.