 (tl:dr at bottom) My partner and I had a flight booked, round trip and direct, from Boston Logan Airport to McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, departing 1/16/2019 and returning 1/21/2019. The flight over was no issue, however the flight home was a different story. Our flight was supposed to depart back to Boston around 9:00 pm (PST), scheduling us to arrive back in Boston around 5:00 am (EST), however as our departure time got closer we received word from the airline that our flight was delayed an hour, no issue. However every 30 or so minutes we received consistent delays up until 4:00 am (PST) 1/22/2019 (due to poor weather in Boston). Not the end of the world, so we went to bed and set our alarms for 1:00 am (PST). When we awoke, we check our flight status only to find our our flight was cancelled and re-booked for 11:00 pm (PST) on 1/23/2019, more than 48 hours after our original schedule departure time, and on top of this we now had a layover at JFK. When we arrived at McCarron for our new flight the first leg was smooth, however the layover at JFK was a nightmare. After we boarded our flight for Boston, we ended up sitting on the runway for about an hour and a half waiting to take off, the flight from JFK to BOS only takes roughly 45-50 minutes. On top of all else, when we finally arrived I found out they had never transferred by bag over to the next flight and it was presumably still at JFK. Now the people at the baggage area were very nice and accommodating and have found my bag and will be delivering it to my house (has not arrived yet, however they have bee keeping me posted about the process) Additional facts for why we had our flights booked the way we did; 1. We paid more and booked direct because my partner and I had issues in the past with layovers. 2. My partner scheduled the time so that she could sleep on the plane and then head right to work after we arrived. I had taken off work until 1/23/2019. 3. Our friends were taking a JetBlue flight from Tampa (FL) to Boston Logan that same day and their flight was neither cancelled nor delayed. (We were going to carpool home) We called JetBlue after our flight was cancelled and explained the situation that we needed to get back home and if we couldn't that we would need compensation as we had another 2 days of expenses we were not planning for (hotel, rental car, food, etc...), I had to take another vacation day, and my partner had to take an unpaid day off. They said that because it was weather related it was not their fault, however after explaining that our friends flight didn't get cancelled they explained that only one runway was open at BOS therefore they needed to cancel some flights. Thus meaning they did have a choice. When we asked why they would not attempt to help us, they explained that I must wait 72 hours after my flight to file a complaint, most likely because they assume most people will be over it by then. Don't you worry I have an alarm set for Monday morning. I am not looking to take legal action however the reason I am here is because I want to know what my options/rights are. I hope I put all the info in here but don't hesitate to reach out if there are any questions. tl:dr - JetBlue flight got cancelled and next available was more than 48 hours later. Incurred extra expenses on top of using extra vacation days/unpaid day off. JetBlue wont listen until 72 hours after flight. Well their policy was not to pay for anything. That being said: I have a friend who complains all the time when things go bad on flights and routinely gets hundred dollar vouchers, or some miles and such. He is very polite about it and writes a letter explaining how he likes the airline but he was very inconveniences by whatever happened. Thank you for the assistance. I understand that they are not legally required to assist however it states; “Each airline has its own policies about what it will do for delayed passengers. If your flight is experiencing a long delay, ask airline staff if they will pay for meals or a hotel room.” From a customer service standpoint would there be a proper way to go about trying to get some form of compensation? Really all the information is in the headline. Everything else is superfluous. They don’t owe you anything. 