 Simple question here: will a restraining order show up on background checks even if it was dismissed? Specifically for the back ground investigation when applying for a law enforcment job? Is this on my record? Thanks in advance. Thank you and I understand the longer i distance myself from it the less the effect it will have on me. But I'm also just talking about in general, is this something that anyone would be able to find out and dig up?  It depends on the background. Some go back ten years, some forever. Depending on exactly what happened, the farther in the past an event is, the less weight the agency will give it. But yes, unless an agency specifically says they don’t care about it, I would always disclose it.  So I'm taking it as this is on my record for ever then? Yeah I thought that maybe I just failed it too, but theres no denying that that doesnt look good. I will for sure be doing that. They would have almost certainly found out, you made the right decision telling them. Whether or not that’s disqualifying is highly agency and situation specific, so you might consider applying to other agencies. It’s also possible you just failed the oral board. Apply to a few other places and see what happens.  First off, I’d be surprised if a LE background packet did not specifically ask about restraining orders, especially if it’s DV related. If they ask, and you fail to disclose that you will be automatically disqualified when (and they will) find out. Secondly, when in doubt, always disclose. Background investigations for LE applicants are exhaustive, and it’s incredibly difficult to hide things from the investigator. Whether or not this is a disqualifying event will be case and agency specific. When you disclose this, make sure to explain any surrounding circumstances that tend to paint you in a better light (the underlying case was unfounded, years in the past and you’ve sought treatment, etc etc.) LE background investigations basically serve 3 functions. To determine if you are legally prohibited from working as a police officer, to determine if you would be a good employee, and to evaluate your honesty. Don’t lie. Never lie. Seriously, it’s the one and only deadly sin in LE.  Thanks man! Appreciate the encouragement! Even the I'm getting the degree to try to work for the government lol I would like to preface my post with the fact I have no legal training and expertise. Just saw you posted about a background check and thought I would share my story. Go get you that degree, it will take you far further than a job working for the state. Chin up! Oh, yes they did give my lawyer and I that paper at the end of the hearing. My ex and her lawyer left before they could give it to them (the judge asked them to leave so he could talk to me with out them. He actually believed I should be the one scared and potentially in danger. Literally advised me not to drive home by myself and the deputy in the room escorted us out of the room and building to the parking lot, where they still out lingering and then drove by us rather than the other 3 ways out). Anyway, I didn't have it with me during that time. That's a relief then because I always thought it was more of an open document, that's what I've been told at least. And that's really great news!! Thank you and I'm glad I did! Maybe it's a blessing in disguise that I didnt get it, I'll go finish my degree like I wanted to anyway! I was thinking the court would provide a document indicating the order was dismissed or something. I have no idea how they make decisions. From what I understand it is a very covert process and the results cannot be disclosed to anyone - including the subject (yourself). I have friends that have actual convictions that now work for the state (OR). Hope you find a better job. After I was disqualified I found an even better job working in technology. Good luck! I was just in an interview with an agency and the last question they asked was along the lines of "is there anything concerning that may show up in the investigation" so I told them the truth that my ex put one on me last year but was dismissed right away. I feel that was why I was dropped from the hiring process. The stack of papers I filled out for them didnt mention it at all until that interview. Go to court for what exactly? Would they of found out about that eventually or did I screw myself bringing that up? Having been disqualified for a position under a similar circumstance, I advise you to disclose everything. There is likely a portion of the paperwork that asks about restraining orders, detail everything you know and provide official paperwork detailing the status. You will probably have to go the court where it was initiated or something of the sort. 