 Some back story first, I started dating my now fiancée about a month after she broke up with her abusive boyfriend. She had been trying to get pregnant with him in the past but she had difficulties conceiving. She broke up with him when he got violent with her for the first time after they had been dating for three years. After she and I had been dating for a while she discovered that she was pregnant. I decided I loved her and wanted to stick around and be her child's dad as both of us wanted to keep the child. She contacted the guy and he immediately claimed she must have cheated on him at some point. We kept him in the know for a couple months as he started to come around to the obvious truth that it must be his. However, he stopped responding to the texts and calls since her first ultra-sound back in November. She's due to give birth in April. He still hasn't returned any calls or made any effort to be in this child's life, and honestly I hope he doesn't. So my question(s) is(are), can my fiancée just put my name on the Birth Certificate? How much rights does the sperm donor have if he just ignores everything? Can he show up a couple years from now and demand a paternity test and rights as guys father? If I have to legally adopt the baby, do I need to contact the sperm donor? If it's relevant, this is all in Michigan. Sorry for the bad formatting. I'm using the mobile app. He can take you to court, hes not a sperm donor, hes the father until proven otherwise.  I would suggest you look into your rights if you are married. Often if you are married you are the assumed parent of the child that is born during the marriage. It might be worth a quick marriage and then have a nicer wedding later if you want. You might not have to adopt and could legally be on birth certificate if marriage gives you that right in your state.  Your fiancee's former sex partner is not, in any legal sense, a "sperm donor". I understand your disdain for him, but this is a legal advice subreddit. Do you plan to marry before the child is born ? If you do so, the child will be presumed to be your child, unless or until that presumption is challenged and overturned with scientific evidence in court. If you do not, then falsifying the Affidavit of Parentage ([form DCH-0862]()) will make you the child's legal parent unless or until that presumption is challenged and overturned with scientific evidence in court. It will also make you guilty of perjury. \[the child's\] father ? Yes. ~~sperm donor~~ biological father ? As part of the court process, yes. You won't have to do the legwork yourself, your adoption attorney will. A biological father will have to voluntarily give up his parental rights and responsibilities before you the child can be adopted. The child's father has the same rights as any other father. He can file for visitation or custody and your gf can request child support from him. If you want to adopt the baby you will usually need permission from the father.  Your fiancée can put your name on the birth certificate, and you can voluntarily sign an acknowledgement of paternity. As far as the legal system is concerned, you would be the legal father. _However_. There is absolutely nothing you can do to stop the biological father from asking the courts to intervene. If he is determined to be the father - generally by a DNA test - your paternity will be extinguished, and his will be confirmed. This will remain true for a very long time - at _some_ point, years into his child's life, he may be deemed to have abandoned his child, but it won't be certain until it's either heard by a court or irrelevant because his child is an adult, or is dead. There's also the additional wrinkle that you _know_ you are not the father, and signing the affidavits required for an acknowledgement of paternity is technically perjury. More realistically, if you try to lie your way through the system to cut the father out of his kid's life, you probably will succeed, for a while - but if he ever changes his mind, you'll have made the litigation more complicated and more expensive for everyone. Do this right. Have your fiancée take the father to court, if necessary, to confirm that he is the father, and then offer to adopt. He'll need to sign off on it - he has as much right not to lose his kid without due process as the mother does - but if he wants to be sure he will never pay child support, he'll agree. He isn't a sperm donor. If he petitions the court for a DNA test he will be the father. Yes, he can appear later. Your girlfriend may wamt to speak to a family lawyer and negotiate to get him to waive paternity rights. Courts tend to be unwilling to allow that unless there is a replacement parent. He has the right to force a paternity test through the courts, and get custody and visitation of his child