 California So while my roommate was at school and I was gone for a moment, my girlfriend heard a commotion. Employees from my apartment complex entered into my apartment without a written notice, email, or phone call. My girlfriend heard a knock at the door but didn’t answer, then heard someone enter the apartment. She thought it was my roommate but turns out it was a male and female who used keys to enter our apartment. They claimed to see if the apartment was furnished (they offer furnished apartments for a higher price which I passed on for a cheaper price) which is in our contracts. After that, they checked to see if our locks on our bedrooms worked. My GF watched them the whole time. It makes me uneasy and I’ve never had to deal with this in the past. Is there any advice or any actions I am entitled to? Please help me out guys. I can buy a clipboard, some forms, and a high-vis vest on Amazon and go just about anywhere. Definitely call the office and confirm that they were employees, and that the checks are routine. Generally the office knows when something is going on where they're checking units, even if it was last minute (usually it's not).  In Los Angeles, 24 hours notice is required, unless it's an emergency in which they need immediate access to your apartment (e.g. a bad leak where your apartment could be the source). What you described is not an emergency. It seems like they were up to no good, perhaps to steal things from you. Definitely put up cameras and make sure they're visible to anyone who enters. And definitely put it in writing that they entered without the required 24 hour notice. If you can, email it to your property management and also provide a written copy in person.  My GF said they had a clipboard so they seemed “official” but there is no 100% way to tell. I had that thought too. I am going to the office tomorrow with a hand written note saying what has happened. My only thought is if it was the actual employees, how can I have legit proof besides an eye witness they were in? GF didn’t sign anything saying anyone entered. They could easily hide evidence if they were to have came in but I also have a rough time stamp of when they would have been in since she had sent me a message roughly about the time they 2 had entered  Wyze cams are reasonably priced on amazon and work great. I used mine to catch a contractor I suspected was screwing me over. IANAL, but did anyone recognize these people? It almost sounds like someone who used to live there rather than actual employees. Dittoing the advice to document all of your things now. I'm wondering if you can verify with the landlord that this was a sanctioned visit.  Damages aren't the issue here; it's illegal in California (per California Civil Code 1954), for the property owner/landlord/employees to enter a rental unit without proper notice unless there's an emergency. I'm not sure what the repercussions are if they continue to enter as those specifics don't appear to be written into the code, but at minimum I'd expect to be let out of your lease w/no penalties to move. That is a different problem. Unless you can somehow prove you had something then the landlord entered, then it was gone, it would be pretty difficult to place blame anywhere that would stand up in court. You'd need cameras to make that easier to prove, even if it just shows them entering and exiting. If you plan to stay (especially if they balk at a reminder that they can't just enter wily nily outside of emergency situations), I recommend investing in some cameras. NAL but make sure you have renters insurance and good records of all your stuff, at least your valuables.  If you don’t understand why your advice is bad, and how you don’t understand the law, do not comment in this sub.  How is this bad advice when it’s true? Now I understand what’s happened ITT. Bad advice. Removed.  The fact that people are saying there’s nothing you can do about this is ridiculous. Hello this breaking and entering! They invaded your personal space for no actual reason. A landlord is only allowed to enter your property if there is an emergency such as a fire etc. In California, landlords must provide a 24 hour notice before entering.. If those two were even your landlords. This definitely is not ok.  For sure man. If some items were to go missing, who is to blame? That’s what I’m thinking. If I actually knew my landlord (I have never met them and my apartment complex is trash. Moved out here and needed a place to stay and this seemed decent when I moved in...I was wrong) But it’s doesn’t matter what is in my home but of my things, if possessions were to go missing or my door were to be unlocked by careless employees, or someone entering my room and something ends up missing, doesn’t matter how big or small, it’s still horrible. I would set up a camera or two inside when not home and see what happens as well. I suspect there was something very different happening than checking the furniture. You're very welcome! I'm a landlord in TX and I seriously hate it when another landlord doesn't respect their tenants. That PDF was full of tons of useful info, be sure to read the whole thing if you're going to be renting in Xali for awhile! Dude, this is not a big deal. If you're so worried about it pickup a security camera and point it at your door and have it only record when there is motion. I’ll definitely check that out. Thanks mate. Nice to get some actual help How can I find out if it’s routine if they enter without anyone knowing? California has decent tenant privacy laws. You can find some info by Googling "California Landlord Tenant PDF" (I tried to link it, but Reddit didn't like the link) If you choose to speak with the landlord, do it in writing so you've got the paper trail incase you need to escalate the situation.  Yeah so? Did they steal anything? Did they damage anything? Did they stab you? Just remind your landlord that you'd like 24hrs notice before entering. If this happens again, document it and make the same request to your landlord again. If it becomes a routine, then there is an issue and you may have recourse. My thought is, how many times has this happened before and we didn’t know. If it’s happened once then it’s could happen again or has before  You could complain to your landlord. Nothing will happen. You were not damaged in any way. I would just let your landlord know that you'd like 24hrs notice before entering next time but say it really nice. Call your landlord and remind them to give you notice in the future. There's no real recourse for a one time entry without notice. 