 State of Parent's Divorce is Georgia, joint custody, 50/50 split on time. I am 19 years old. (I turned 18 in 2017) I graduated High School in May 2018, which is when child support ended. I moved to California in Sept 2018 for college and will not stay with either parent now/ in the future. In the divorce agreement it says the father has the sole right to claim me as a dependent. My mother has a much lower income; it is advantageous for her to claim me as it's the difference between me getting no student financial aid and none. My support is 40% myself, 50% my mother, and 10% from my father. Which divorced parent can claim me as a dependent on taxes in 2018? They cannot agree on who can claim me. Another question you didn't ask, but should be aware of. As a full time student under age 24, you only get the refundable AOTC if your earned income (wages, for most people) is more than half of your support. There are a lot of fiddly rules and math involved in determining whether this applies to you. The nonrefundable AOTC will only benefit you if you have more than $12,000 in income, because if you have less income than that, you have no tax liability to reduce. So if you're counting on "the AOTC will give me an extra $2,500 each year to cover my expenses," there's a lot more to it than merely not being claimed as a dependent.  've permanently left their parent's home, with no intention to retur Ah, you're right. Missed that in the OP. [removed] Here's what happened with me. The judge ordered me and my ex to claim our child every other year. One year, my ex claimed him when I was supposed to. The IRS refused my claim, and basically told me that whoever files first, wins. They dont really care about outlying conditions. OP states that they've permanently left their parent's home, with no intention to return. That's what distinguishes their fact pattern from that of a typical college student, who would return home during school breaks. The temporary absence rule applies to the latter, but not the former. If OP had 183 overnights with one parent before moving out, then that parent clearly has the right to claim OP, and arguably could release that right to the other parent. (Arguably, because it depends on whether GA courts have jurisdiction over matters relating to a non-minor child.) If neither parent claims you, you are eligible to claim the AOTC. Note that this is true even if one of them actually is eligible to claim you. If neither is eligible to claim you, but one of them does, you should be prepared to back up your case with calendars showing where you spent which nights. Go pull out a physical 2018 calendar now, and start marking: at Mom's, at Dad's, at some third party's house, not sure, permanently left the state with no intention to return. Then count overnights. If neither of them could have had you more than 183 nights in 2018, use that to convince them not to bother trying to claim you, because the IRS will write everyone a letter and you'll have the most convincing response. You didn't ask, but in case you weren't aware - there's zero chance that California will reclass you as a resident for tuition purposes. Utah and Missouri are particularly friendly to people moving for college; California will charge you nonresident tuition forever. The special rule for being away at college covers kids who come home for breaks and still regard their parent's home as their domicile. OP has stated that they've permanently left home. That makes it less likely that they resided for more than half the year with either parent. It's not clear that either parent satisfies the residency test. The support test is only that the child doesn't provide more than half of their own support, which the OP says they do not. The parents need not have provided any support for the support test to be met. The IRS cares nothing for the divorce decree. If you want to claim someone as a dependent, you have to follow the Internal Revenue Code. In my state, the conventional wisdom is that the decree's requirement for the custodial-under-IRC parent to provide a Form 8332 releasing the exemption to the other parent stops at age 18, because the court has no authority regarding non-minor children. But my state is neither of the states OP is concerned about. The tuition credit goes to the person who gets the dependency exemption. It doesn't matter who paid the expense. Divorce agreement controls. IRS recognizes that custodial parents can assign the right to claim dependency to the noncustodial parent, even if the noncustodial parent does not meet the residency test. It's highly unlikely that you'll fail the residency test, as moving away for college is typically considered a "temporary absence," so I wouldn't count on being able to claim the aotc. If a child is away at college that has special rules. I agree that nights spent at one place or the other is important. Other pieces are involved though. Of special note will be questions about who provides more than half of the financial support and also the fact that there is an agreement. But this question is about who can claim as dependent so I do not understand why the agreement states dad has ability to claim, and why that would not stand as stated? Is there an end date? Or end age? If someone is paying tuition they can likely claim that too.  If both my parents don't claim me, can I obtain the American Opportunity Tax Credit? It's possible neither of them is eligible to claim you, because you may fail the residency test. If one of them is, it's the one who had you for more overnights. For FAFSA purposes, the parent with whom you had more overnights is the custodial parent. Tax dependency is irrelevant.