 im 16, moved to the U.S with my parents, on an F2 visa. according to my parents, to get a job i have to finish college with excellent grades for some employer to give me a job and sponsor me(which gives me a H1 visa and i can legally have a job in the U.S) . But i dont want to go to college, yet i dont think there is another way for me to get a job legally, like trade school or something. can yall please tell me if there is any way for me to legally get a job without going to college, even if its a minimum wage job. location :kentucky , U.S Yep. There's no way in for a trade or any sort of low end work. Your options when you graduate are basically to go to college on an F1 (allows you to work after the first year, but means international tuition), go on H4 until you're 21 (cheaper tuition but no work rights), go illegal and live underground, or go back home. Depending on your country, you could be eligible for certain other visas for picking lettuce, investing, etc. that probably aren't relevant to you.  my parents will get jobs giving them an H1B visa and i will get the H4 , trump recently made it illegal to work on an H4, so anyway i have to go to college snd get a job to get my own H1B  Right now, with an F2 visa, you cannot legally work in the US or go to college. Once your parents F1 visa expires, you will all have to leave the country unless you apply for another type of visa. To get an H-1B visa, you have to have a bachelors degree or higher, or the equivalent.  If you have an F2 visa, that means that one or both of your parents are in the US to study on an F1 visa, not immigrate. Once the F1 visa expires, none of you can remain in the US, unless you apply for another type of visa. You can only study up to grade 12 with an F2 visa, you cannot go to college, nor can you work. If you have an F2 visa, that means that one or both of your parents are in the US to study on an F1 visa, not immigrate. Once the F1 visa expires, none of you can remain in the US, unless you apply for another type of visa. You can only study up to grade 12 with an F2 visa, you cannot go to college, nor can you work.