 In one of the discord servers I'm a part of, a friend of mine brought up an issue with his school. They enacted a policy that directly lowers a student's grade-point average by 10 for every absence over 6 per semester. I'm not a law student, nor very well-versed in US-Law, but something sounds off about that. His GPA dropped from a near 4 to barely a 3 due to this issue, despite all of his absences being directly medically excused. What laws, if any, does this violate? and what can be done about it? NAL, but if it’s a US public high school and he documented all the absences as excused (submitted doctor’s notes/ paperwork in required time frame), they are not supposed to penalize him for it. That being said, if he didn’t submit that paperwork within the required time frame, his absences are unexcused. If that’s the case, it’s probably too late to do anything, but he’d need to check with their attendance office. I don’t believe there’s any rule or law against the school penalizing people for unexcused absences.  You should edit this comment into your main post. Okay well this school apparently is.  No, schools should not be able to lower a student's grade for missing school due to surgery. Especially when the student makes up all missed work. It's more likely that whoever is responsible for changing the grades due to attendance doesn't know that there are doctor's notes to excuse the absences. You are free to start your own school and have your own rules, but this is extremely common, in fact the norm, especially in higher education.  They are likely allowed to do this in general. However you mentioned below that these absences were due to surgery. Depending on the nature of the surgery, this might be an ADA violation. I would first have the parents talk to the school principal about the situation. It could simply be that the proper people don’t understand the situation. If he doesn’t agree to restore the grade, then I would escalate to the district level and start mentioning ADA and section 504 in my conversations. If this is going to happen again in the future, the parents should request a meeting with the school to come up with a ‘504 Plan.’ These plans define how the school will address a permanent or temporary disability, and schools are required to abide by them to receive federal funding. His absences are from surgical recovery, with direct doctors notes. His grade shouldn't be lowered due to a policy when he made the work up properly. Why? It's extremely common to factor class participation into grading, and obviously not showing up is pretty clear lack of participation. This comment is useless. Do not comment in this sub if you don’t have legal advice to offer.  The best thing they could do would be file a complaint to the superintendent and ask for an appeal with community support. Then I don't believe that's illegal. It's a public high school. It's kind of dumb in that sense. As long as the student does well kids shouldnt be forced to attend all classes. Some classes are a joke. e.g. Public school french classes where the only sentence kids remember in French is "Can I use the washroom". High school and Post Secondary is where it truly matters. Are you talking about a public primary school, private primary school, a state university, a private university/college, or what? Generally, yes, schools are free to factor attendance into a student's final grade, but your location and school type probably matter. That seems tremendously wrong Yes they can do this.