 Hi guys, I'm from Louisiana and trying to understand the verbiage behind a piece of real estate I am interested in acquiring. The item in question is as follows, "No structure of a temporary character, trailer, mobile home, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn, or other outbuilding shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence, either temporarily or permanently." So I guess my burning question is, at this stage I can acquire the property without issue, but will not build a home on the property immediately. I am looking to pay the property off and develop the land in stages. The first stage would be to pay the property off and hold it. There are no clauses or rules that state that a house must be built in "x" years, so stage 1 will go without a problem. The problem starts with the second stage where I was intending to put a large metal building towards the back of the property and put a nice set of living arrangements. I would probably construct a 2000 sf minimum living space in the building (which is larger than the 1500 sf minimum house size specified on the property deed restriction). So here is the question. If I am temporarily living in the modified metal building, which falls under a classification of "barndominium," which fits the minimum specifications for the dwelling (there are no restrictions on building appearances), does it fall under the classification of a "...garage, barn or other outbuilding..." My take on the situation is, I can claim the building as my home and primary residence until I get to phase 3 where I actually were to build my brick and mortar home, so technically it wouldn't be breaking the deed restriction. I would simply be living in 1 home as a primary residence, then later building a larger residence and using the metal building as a mother-in-law quarters. To me it seems too open to interpretation. I'm sure some of you guys who speak legalese can humble me a bit and make me see the clause as it is really meant to be understood, but I'm hoping that my plan might be viable. To clarify, the property in question is 17 acres, so I can tuck the building back far enough so that it wouldn't be an eye sore to the neighbors, of which only 1 of the 18 lots have even been constructed on. Thanks for your help! Isn’t the definition of a “barndominium” a barn built to also be used as a residence? It sounds like by definition it is excluded even if they didn’t use your lingo since it is non-technical. It is not in an HOA, and the deed restrictions do not forbid the construction of barndominiums. Hence I’m in a pickle about what is permissible. Is the property in an HOA? If so the HOA will sue to enforce the deed restrictions. If not a suit would have to be brought by a neighbor who noticed you living in a non-"residential" building. Now that said, a lot of boarding stables have attached or overhead apartment living spaces for the stable manager or other employees to live in, because dealing with horses is often a 24/7 job. A building based on that design may pass muster. Read the deed restrictions with expectations of malice. Expect the worst, and likely you will have underestimated the problem. 