 I'm here because maybe this could be a place where I can get some legal advice on my situation. We live in Los Angeles, California My girlfriend and I have been searching to adopt a dog for some time now and today we "adopted" our first dog! I put quotation marks because apparently that doesn't hold up very well even after signing papers and paying at an animal shelter. So here's what's going on. My girlfriend and I found a dog that we just fell in love with and got emotionally attached from the moment we asked to be acquainted with him. We did the whole process of the adoption. We were supposed to just wait until tomorrow to pick him up at the Vetenarians and bring him to his forever home but instead after my hour long commute back home my girlfriend received a call from the shelter saying the owner is going to reclaim him back. So here's what happened there. Apparently his brother is schizophrenic and went to the shelter to give him up, claiming to be the owner and didn't want him anymore. So after my girlfriend and I had adopted the dog, his brother came to the shelter and claimed to be the owner of the dog we adopted and now they gave the dog back to him. This just happened to us and we're feeling heartbroken and just so cheated from what is going on. My girlfriend has been crying for a while now and I've just been too sad and upset to do anything. All this really messed with us emotionally and mentally. We've been so invested in adopting like going to a shelter every day to find the right one for our home and just exhausted all of ourselves for this. It's absolutely fucked. If only we could share with you what we've been through mentally and emotionally with this whole process and then this happens once we've literally believed that we adopted our first dog then having it being taken away from us. Would any of you be able to help us figure something out? TL:DR : "Adopted" a dog at an animal shelter with proof of sale, medical records, and microchip registration being told we could pick him up at the Vets tomorrow, only for the "owner" to claim him back after brother gave up ownership.  Thank you so much man I appreciate it. I really hope they correct this type of situation for future pet adopters. I wouldn't want this to happen to anyone else. It's really unfortunate.  This is my question. Our shelters all go between 72 hours and 7 days as far as hold periods de s go.  Is there no waiting period between a turn in and a potential adopt out? This sounds fishy to me. My wife and I worked with many California based animal rescues. There’s usually a waiting period of at least 7 days. To make sure there’s no health problems and to verify any other issues. I’m sorry this happened to you. It should never have happened.  I assume you went to the shelter to adopt because there are hundreds of dogs in your area alone who are lonely and sad and scared. I can understand being disappointed, but that puppy already has a home. Be upset at how the staff handled it if you want, but to say you might let this experience stop you from giving an unwanted dog a home—don’t let your feeling of entitlement cloud your judgment. A trap many people fall into is the idea that they should wait to find the “perfect” dog from the shelter. Put away your preconceived notions of what your dog should look like and how it should act. You chose a puppy after spending weeks searching, so I’m guessing you aren’t game for a typical shelter dog that is not as carefree and adorable and “perfect”. Sorry if that’s harsh, but you are so focused on the perceived wrong and your emotions that there’s almost no room for you to feel for the dogs who still need a home. I wouldn't hold it against them. They had no way of knowing what happened or that the guy would show up. Trust me, you'll find another pup that'll melt your heart  Yeah I feel you on that. I'm not mad at the owner or anything. I'm upset at how the shelter handled it. They specifically said he was ours and everything was all set. That's where I feel upset. I know I'm not getting the puppy but yeah this experienced fucked with my will to find a dog at a shelter.  How heartbroken and cheated would you feel if somebody gave your dog away? It was never yours. Keep looking. There are plenty of dogs that need a home.  Ok thanks. It doesn't really matter. As long as you got a refund your compaint, in a legal sense, has been resolved.  The dog is 8 weeks old and I get your point but that's why dogs can't be adopted until a certain time where the shelter holds it then it's up for the public. And apparently that time passed so then we were told we can have him and now they switched up on us. That's where they fucked up in my opinion.  The dog is 8 weeks old and I get your point but that's why dogs can't be adopted until a certain time where the shelter holds it then it's up for the public. And apparently that time passed so then we were told we can have him and now they switched up on us.   're feeling heartbroken and just so cheated from what is going on. My girlfriend has been crying for a while now and I've just been too sad and upset to do anything. All this really messed with us emotionally and mentally. Well the owner whose dog was apparently stolen is probably also not happy. I don't want to be mean about it but you haven't even taken the dog home, the person who lost a dog they had raised for an extended period has the biggest emotinal distress card to play here. I assume that the shelter is going to refund the adoption fee to you? As long as you are refunded that's the end of the issue. 