 Sorry for the length of this. I don’t have any legal experience and I’m having a hard time figuring out what to do about this and how best to move forward. My father died suddenly about four and a half years ago. The will he had was written in 2001 in Massachusetts, when my younger sibling and I were children. My mother went to an attorney in 2015 and based on the probate court documents, it seems that my mother requested a change to the structure of two trusts be made—namely, the amount allocated to the marital trust and the non-marital trust in order to lower estate taxes. ie) The amount in the non-marital trust would be lowered and the assets would be moved to the marital trust. They also established her bank as the co-trustee. However, the original will, written with the knowledge that my sibling and I were children at the time, made my mother primary beneficiary to the non-marital trust and the two of us secondary beneficiaries, entitled to distributions after her death. I think the intention was that my dad wanted all of us to be taken care of in the event of his death if it occurred on or near 2001, and since we were minors at the time, it completely makes sense that my mother would be our primary caretaker and in charge of the finances. In the documents for probate court, her attorney specified the non-marital trust is to guarantee her the continuance of her lifestyle and also an affidavit from the attorney who wrote the 2001 will that restates this. However, when my dad died, their relationship had eroded and he didn’t even allow her to exercise any control of their shared finances because he felt she was irresponsible with money. My mother also made it quite well known that she had consulted an attorney at some point in the mid-2000s and had been advised that staying in a marriage to my dad would benefit her financial well-being far more than divorcing him. Being part of that home was not at all pleasant, but as I got older and had gone away for college, my own relationship with my dad improved quite a bit. He and my sibling were also on good terms as far as I know. My mother, however, has been bitterly resentful toward me and having any kind of healthy relationship with her is just not in the cards. She tried to reach out to me at the end of last year and it turned out that it wasn’t truly to reconcile. The reason I’m looking into this now is because I would like to live peacefully and not allow her any insight into my life for my own wellbeing. This is the last cord to cut. I am posting about this here is because I am concerned about the non-marital trust. As secondary beneficiaries, my sibling and I do not have any real control over what happens to the assets contained within it, as far as I know. I am scared about the future of this trust for both my sibling and myself, but especially for myself given her open faced hatred of me. Also per the will, my mother must exhaust any funds contained within the marital trust before she can access the non-marital trust. This past year, she transferred a very large amount from the non-marital trust to the marital trust, which I did not think she would be allowed to do. My questions are: What is the likelihood that she can be removed as a trustee? What factual evidence needs to be provided to remove her? Can she be restricted from making another large transfer of funds? Is it possible at all to remove her as a beneficiary from the non-marital trust given that the rest of the estate and the marital trust was equal in value to the non-marital trust so she should absolutely be able to maintain the same or at least comparable lifestyle? Have I been scammed and do I just need to make peace with that? Removing your mother as trustee would mean that you would have to sue the trust. Your mother would then use trust assets to fight the lawsuit. As beneficiaries you can request an annual accounting of the trust so you can see how the money is invested and how much is being spent. Now is a good time to ask since your mother should have all that information readily available anyway since the trust will have to file its own tax return. You need a trusts and Estates attorney to review the trust and see if you can prevent her from transferring money out of it, I doubt you can but it sounds like the sum is enough to warrant due diligence  There is no language in the will that establishes the trusts about changing or removing a trustee. That all depends on the wording of the trusts and on the source of the funds used to create the trusts