 Hi there, I am currently living right next door to the university I attend. We just came back from break and I am waiting for my parking permit to be able to park in the parking lot of either my apartment or my school. I parked my car on the street Tuesday afternoon and haven’t really moved it since. It is legal, I just have to move it for street cleaning once a week. I went to my car to pick up my shoes and saw a note on my windshield. “You hit my bumper with room behind you. I’ve taken pics and your plates. If you don’t fit, park somewhere else” And then their number for damage. I texted the number and they said that last night asking for details. I was very perplexed and confused (Wed) they said “I gave enough room (for me) to leave” but in the morning my bumper was touching theirs. What I’m confused about is how I haven’t moved my car in a few days. There could be no possibly of me hitting it, unless they backed into me. I can also add that in front of me is a bit of space to park, but in the pictures it looks like their car would’ve been too big to fit the spot (and effectively parked in the red). What should I do?  Ok, thanks for all your help! He hasn’t replied, but has read my question of asking when he parked in front of me (presumably illegally). So I’m just going to leave it at that, and see what happens. There is no damage to my car, I can’t tell how his is from the picture he sent me Another point would be to see what paint color was left on their vehicle or yours. More than likely, you’ll be able to tell the color of the car that hit them.  Legally speaking, I don’t know that you are required to leave your vehicle where it is. It’s technically not leaving the scene of an accident, where it has not been reported to the police. Your biggest concern right now should be documenting all dialogue with the person making the claim. Make sure you are not threatening or intimidating. Do not incriminate yourself in anyway or provide information that can be used against you. Anything you say is permanent. Make sure you have plenty of pictures of the scene. Video is better. Try to find concrete proof of where you were when he claims this happened. I would not give your insurance information just yet. I’d also recommend-speaking with local law enforcement to see if a report was filed and what precautions you should take. This may favor you if it escalates. My assumptions is they are trying to blame someone else for damage they caused to their vehicle. It’s common. They will try until someone finally admits they did. Or it’s possible they were hit previously and did not notice until now. If you did not hit them, and if they can’t prove you did, you will not be held accountable. Proof is in the pudding.  Do you recommend I do anything before I move my car from the ‘site’ it happened? I took a picture of the front of my car and the side of my car (so you can see that his sedan couldn’t have legally fit in the space in front). My car seems to be fine. I’m just going to park it in my school’s complex since I’m feeling really uneasy about this whole situation.  It seems that they are basing their claim clearly on assumption. They do not have proof that you hit them nor will they be able to prove so. My advice, don’t act on this until you are contacted by their insurance company contacts you. DO NOT admit to anything and keep your answers short. I would personally not answer any questions unless it’s being presumed legally. There is no police report which works tremendously in your favor. It’s more than likely they hit you and are trying to make you admit fault.  He has read receipts on (iMessage) I’m going to continue asking more questions about what happened and the timeframe. He was quick to reply earlier...not so much anymore.  NAL: Call your insurance company about the incident and give them the other persons phone number. If they are trying to scam you, they will likely back off once insurance is involved. Also, take pictures of where you were parked at. It would also be helpful to see if any surrounding business have security cameras around that could have gotten the incident. It’s going to be hard to prove that you didn’t drive the car to a degree, but if it truly is a scam (which it sounds like), they might back off when you insist on going through insurance.