 My uncle found a pistol in his backyard, as if someone threw it over his fence. Is it legal to keep, and if so what are the steps he needs to take to make sure it wasn't used in a crime and to legally take possession of it? All firearm transfers in Colorado need to have a background check through the state from a Federal Firearm License holder. Your father needs to turn in the gun to the police or it’s a felony. Colorado Colorado What state? Laws vary significantly from state to state. Correct, except ATF can still access this information in the case that a crime has been committed through an FFL and the serial number.  [removed] If OP turns the gun into police and it's flagged in NCIC as stolen, it will undergo a trace. The trace goes from manufacturer - - 's a post-68 gun), after which its provenance will be attempted to be tracked. There's a lot of latitude at the local agency level to determine ownership when they go looking to return these. If OP holds onto the gun and it's in NCIC - even as something as innocent as it being in his car during a traffic stop - then it'll come back as stolen, and he's in a heap of trouble. So, best bet is to turn it into police. If NCIC comes back clean, then it was likely either illegally acquired (via straw purchase, not reported as stolen) or some dumbass kids cleaning out grandpa's safe.  You need to provide a state. There is no federal firearms registration in the US except for NFA items. I would turn it in to the cops. They can run the make/model/serial # through NCIC and see if it was ever reported stolen. NAL, but I can say right away they likely won’t trace it. Firearms are registered through the ATF if at all as some states do not require this. the ATF can only give this information to police if there is a high degree of certainty it was used in a crime. While I agree it was likely used in a crime and OP should call the police, they probably won’t trace that handgun as the most they can say about it is that it was lost. OP, again NAL. while it may be legal to keep it, if it shows up that it was used in a crime, you don’t wanna touch that handgun with a 39 and a half foot pole. Call the police.  Call the police. They will take it and trace it.  Don't touch it. Call the police. There's a very very high chance this gun was used in a crime. 