 Hi everyone, I'm an 18 year old student at UCLA. I missed my court date today. It was to contest a ticket for riding a scooter on campus (I didn't know that was a rule.) It was like $300 and I didn't have the money to pay it so I wanted to see if I could contest it. I went to bed pretty sick and slept through 4 alarms somehow. Yes I know I'm an idiot and that I'm stupid for somehow doing this. I don't normally mess up like this. What do I do? Will I go to jail? I have absolutely no legal experience and I've never even gotten a ticket before. I don't know who to call or what to do. Please give advice I really appreciate it Again please don't use this as a chance to be rude or bash me for messing up, I know I did. I just want advice. Thank you You can try, but they probably won't be open until Tuesday. See if you can get community service in kiew if some or all of the fines.  People miss court for these sorts of things all the time. It's not the end of the world. It MAY cost you extra money the longer it goes on, so don't waste time. The court clerk is your first call tomorrow. Explain what happened, apologize, and ask what your options are. If you ignore it... a warrant will likely be issued eventually. (in some places, this happens pretty immediately, in other places there's a delay to give you time to straighten it out.) Once a warrant is issued, there will likely be extra court costs and possibly fines attached to that 'failure to appear' complaint. If you ignore it long enough, they may suspend your driver's license... which will then cost more money to correct... ESPECIALLY if you discover that your license was suspended when you get pulled over and arrested for operating a vehicle without a license... which comes with a whole new set of fines and costs. So... don't ignore it and hope it goes away... but you don't need to be in a panic yet. I will- thank you! Have a nice day Oh thank god. They seem to be closed right now but I will give them a call first thing tomorrow. Thanks for the advice, I was really stressing out over this. You likely have a warrant out on you. You need to go to the courthouse traffic window and pay a fine to clear the warrant.  This has actually happened to me before too! Relax. You won't go to jail. What will happen is that the court will schedule a new court date for you. Don't miss this one! If you're really anxious, call the court and tell them what happened. They'll likely just give you a new court date. As for what your experience will be like, the prosecutor will ask you to plead guilty, and in some cases offer a deal (such as taking one infraction off or lowering the severity of the infraction). If you really think that the officer made a mistake and you shouldn't be given a ticket, you can plead not guilty and you have an opportunity to make your case before the judge. Call the court and explain. They're usually really understanding