 I don't want to completely tilt my hand just yet as I am facing charges and don't want to compromise my case in any way. The short version... Since I make too much money, but have little liquid assets, I was doing some research before I take out a loan I cannot afford to pay for an attorney. For the last week straight I've been pouring over revised codes, public records, and case law. The deeper I went down the rabbit hole, the more insane things got. If I'm right it may call into question many of the police departments arrests as it appears they have been un/knowingly been submitting false information to certify their officers for a decade. What do I do with this information? How can I avoid compromising my case? Are there attorneys that specialize in this sort of thing? Please help! This tin foil hat is very tight right now!!!  Shut up. Get off reddit. Get an attorney. Listen to your attorney. Stop trying to pro se a procedural defense that you are likely misreading. YOU NEED AN ATTORNEY. You are facing charges. The costs of NOT getting one are considerably higher than the costs of doing so. You ESPECIALLY need a lawyer if you do, in fact, have leverage over the police department. That is an incredibly valuable negotiating tool, but you are in no position to negotiate on your own behalf, and you can’t even the determine the value of your evidence without an expert. Hire one. Today if possible. Sell something if you have to. Better to take a hit on selling an investment at a loss than lose all your freedom. After you hire an attorney, tell the attorney the things you found. But don't hold your breath regarding the usefulness of those findings. There isn’t enough information to know what your knowledge may accomplish. Though in the broadest terms, suggesting an officer was improperly qualified probably doesn’t matter much unless his or her lack of qualification directly draws into question information used in your case. You should review with a criminal defense attorney who will advise how to proceed in the context of your charges.  Contact the ACLU?