 OK, so for the past 2 months or so we have had new neighbours. Our houses are thin and our house is the only open plan house in the street. They have a dog which barks like crazy and the noise comes through to our house. (It sounds like it is in the house with us). We have not been able to get a hold of the neighbours because whenever we see them, they're quickly disappear however we did post a note through their door and they (sort of) tamed the dogs barking for a while (They were leaving it by itself until after 10pm) until THEY started making the noise. Fighting, banging, in and out of the house in the early hours of the morning. The police also arrived at their property and ended up taking one of them a week or so ago. The police had to park outside our house. I didn't like that because it doesn't look good especially when this street is a family street and we have been here for years. We noticed the female the other night (While on our way to the shop) and then we noticed her partner following behind her in between cars but then they disappeared. When we came back (About 15/20 mins later), we could see the male from the distance looking up at what I am assuming, their house. At first I did think he was stood outside our house and looking up into the window but I don't see a reason for that. Anyway, he walked up his path and that was that until early the next morning when there were people fixing their window before 9am. I know that sounds can be made from 7am etc but considering how ignorant the neighbours are, they could have the decency to let us know. The banging from the workers was inappropriate. My partner was in work that day and has lost plenty of sleep recently with these new neighbours. They were also both in the house while the workers were there as we noticed them both come outside. To be honest, I wouldn't be surprised if they have torn the house apart inside. Anyway, the dog still barks daily, they leave it in the house and I hate to call the noise a nuisance but it is. I went ahead and contacted the estate agents to get in touch with the landlord and they said they would absolutely help. Am I wrong for doing this? No.