 Hi, i just got an email saying my background check was refused and no reason was given. Ive already passed this twice at a different company with no problems. in the email it says i can ask for a review, which i plan on doing. the only that has changed in my application is the countries i have visited and none of them are on the canadian or american do not travel lists. Any good advice for me ? if i ask why are they obliged to tell me the reason for refusal? TIA  Does the new job that you are applying for involve working with children or vulnerable populations? In Canada there are two different types of background checks commonly performed—a standard Criminal Record Check suitable for most jobs/positions, and another type of check called a Vulnerable Sector Check that is much more thorough. In addition to what the standard Criminal Record check provides, Vulnerable Sector Checks can also reveal information about: Peace bonds Probation orders Criminal charges Minor summary offence convictions Certain types of offences which you previously received a pardon for Absolute and conditional discharges (basically criminal offences you were found guilty of but received minimal or no punishment for) Other information police agencies may be authorized to disclose in Vulnerable Sector Checks—such as records indicating that you could pose a threat to vulnerable persons or that you are suspected of (although not convicted of) a crime against vulnerable persons If it was a regular criminal background check, then usually nothing would change if you have had no interaction with the criminal justice system since your last check. --- The other possibility is that the company is performing a more general and comprehensive background check that goes beyond simply looking at your criminal history. For example, they may be looking at your online social media presence, your employment history, your travel history, your financial/credit history, etc. With respect to security clearances, these types of checks are very strict. Any foreign connections or investments you have can potentially make it more difficult to pass the security clearance check. Likewise, any financial hardships can also disqualify you. With a security clearance check, basically what they're interested in is if you could (even hypothetically) have any motivation to work against Canada's national interests. For example, they're looking at how easy it may be for someone to bribe or influence you (either wittingly or unwittingly) to act in a way that is not in Canada's best interest. References can also be a possible reason for failing your security clearance check. If the information your reference(s) provide doesn't match the information in your application, then that can disqualify you especially if it's something critical that your reference(s) should be expected to know.