 Located in Oregon. I have suffered from chronic depression for several years which has impacted my ability to function, and the type and amount of work I am able to do. I would like to see if I qualify for disability benefits. The problem is that I don’t know if I have valid medical proof necessary for obtaining disability benefits. I read online that the criteria for disability due to depression is: 1. An individual must suffer from episodes of decompensation of an extended duration, or 2. Have a disease process in which even minimal changes in mental demands, or a change in environment, could cause the individual to decompensate, or 3. Their depression has caused them to be unable to function outside a very supportive living arrangement and it appears there is a continued need for this arrangement. I believe that I meet all three of these criteria, but I hadn’t received any medical treatment for depression until recently — within the last 3 or 4 months. Additionally, I earn well under the SGA amount. My main question is, what kind of medical documentation would I need to prove that I am disabled due to depression? Am I required to have a verified medical history of depression spanning multiple years in order to qualify? Would a note from my doctor stating that I have begun antidepressants and/or that they are not at this time effectively treating my depression be enough? If I admit myself into a psychiatric facility for examination and treatment, would documentation of that be enough? How can I legally prove that I am unable to maintain a job in which I am required to work over 10 - 15 hours a week? Is the fact that I have tried and failed to maintain a 40 hour per week job in the past valid legal evidence if I did not obtain medical attention for depression directly after quitting/losing that job? Would a significant gap in work history during a decompensated episode be proof if I did not obtain medical treatment during that time? Are there any other types of documentation or ways to obtain documentation that I have not listed?