 My wife and I recently bought a house and have been working with our old landlord to find someone to take over our lease. We still pay full rent and utilities on our rental as we have been unsuccessful at finding someone to move in. We rent a townhouse if this helps. We still have personal property in the detached garage. Today I went to the property to check on it like I do every couple of days, and found that the locks have been changed. This is not the first time this has happened either. The landlord put new doors in about a month ago and "forgot" (in his words) to put the old locks in the new door. The next time I went to the property, my key worked in the deadbolt, but he had locked the knobs, which took a different key. He told me at the time that this was because the contractors didnt want me inside the house with their work. I requested a key to all of the locks on the property and he did not respond. But for awhile the other locks were left unlocked. I recently noticed a sharp increase in the utility bills at the property, and found that it was from his contractors turning up the heat and powering their tools. Our landlord refused to pay for these costs, as they were about what we were paying when we lived there full time. I went to the property that night and turned the heat back down, turned off the water heater, and the refrigerator. Now today I went back and found the doors locked again. Am I still on the hook for rent and utilities when I am not in control of the property? For the record, the landlord has not been giving us any notice of the work being done. Several times I have mentioned this to him and he brushes it off.  Let’s say it does meet the criteria (I’m looking into it), do I need to file suit, send him a letter notifying him of our nonpayment, or just block the withdrawal from my bank to move forward?  but whether your situation meets the criteria.. 'If your landlord does not provide habitable housing under local and state housing codes, a court would probably conclude that you have been “constructively evicted;” this means that the landlord, by supplying unlivable housing, has for all practical purposes “evicted” you, so you have no further responsibility for the rent. ' I don't know the answer, but your question should be - if the landlord has taken exclusive posession of the property, does that break the lease and mean you have no obligation to pay anything? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.