 My father, who I have been estranged from for over 2 decades, recently passed away and left me an inheritance. There were other beneficiaries listed in his will who will all receive a percentage of his estate paid in a lump sum, my percentage will be put into a trust. There are two trustee's of the trust, one is a person I do not know and the other is a family member who I have not spoken to in around 25 years. They will manage the trust and any income from it will be given to me. The principal can only be used if there is a medical need and they approve. Upon my death, the trust will be distributed equally amongst my wife and children (adult will get sum, under 21 will have another trust set up). What is concerning to me is having people manage this inheritance that I do not believe have my or my families' best interest in mind. I do not think that they hold me in the highest regard because they do not know the circumstances that led to my father and I being estranged and I really don't have the need/want to explain to them what happened. At this point, I am not sure of my options. I don't know if there is a way I would be able to receive the inheritance outright or possibly having the trustee changed to someone else (there is another family member listed as a beneficiary who I would be much more comfortable with and they are willing). I have spoken to an attorney who will be in contact with the estate's attorney this week, however, I just wanted to throw this out there since it has been weighing on my mind.  It doesn’t go into much detail and I don’t have much experience with reading/dealing with legal documents, which is why I contacted an attorney of my own. What was explained to me is they can invest it any way they see fit, which is what’s concerning. I’d really like to have this resolved before anything was mishandled. I have tried to reach the two trustees (for different reasons, I didn’t know at the time that they were the trustees) but neither have returned my calls. I was also told by a different family member involved that they both didn’t think that this responsibility would fall on them, my fathers death was unexpected and the trustees are both older. I’m hoping that they will just voluntarily step down, which I’m not even sure is an option. Thank you for your response, I appreciate it! It just helps to get it out there Thank you for the response, I appreciate it Does it go into any detail about how this income is to be obtained? Do they have to invest it in stocks, or can they just stick it in a savings account? Do you have a fully copy of the trust documents? The most likely outcome for you is that you can have the trustee replaced, but that would require either (a) their cooperation or (b) some actual malfeasance.  It is possible to request a trustee be removed, but I believe it usually requires more than just "I don't like him ." It would require mishandling or wrongdoing. Whether the trust can be undone is way beyond what we can answer. And even if the trust was undone, that doesnt necessarily mean you get all the money. You need to wait and hear what your attorney says. 