 I was in a car accident in July of 2018 that resulted in hospitalization and three months of chiropractic adjustments. I was looking to hire a lawyer because I've never been in an accident this serious before, and I had a concussion at the time so I didn't think I was capable of learning how to do everything myself. My mom ended up introducing me to her friends "lawyer" (we'll call L), and she told me they had settled on payment without my permission (I am over 18). L asks for 20% from my settlement as payment, but there were no contracts. Everything is verbal. Over time, I started to feel like L wasn't worth paying 20% of my settlement. I still went to the DMV myself, I went to the police station myself to pick up the police report (twice because there was inaccurate information), we never had to go to court; the most she's done so far is ask for my medical records to keep record and send something to my insurance. "Lawyer" is in quotes because I found out much later on that L isn't actually a lawyer. She's a court room interpreter who has experience dealing with auto accidents. I've talked to a couple people about this and they all agreed it sounds like a scam, but none of them are lawyers so I came here looking for a professional opinion. I do want to pay her since she at least provided SOME consultation. I say SOME because she didn't always reply to my messages or answer all of my questions. When she felt like answering a question I asked, she would talk to my mom instead. She consulted my mom 90% of the time even though my mom wasn't involved in the accident. Oh boy. A non-lawyer negotiated a financial settlement, for physical injuries, on your behalf without your permission? And now wants 20%? I'd contact a licensed attorney immediately to represent you. She may have agreed to whatever low ball number they threw out, it's 20% more than she had yesterday. And if you have lingering issues, that needs to be addressed. Hope you didn't sign anything yet.  Not a lawyer, but I wouldn't give her a dime. 