 I frequent a local eatery, my favorite. Like many places, they have a machine for paying with a credit card, and an option to tip on the slip. They also have a cash tip jar. Recently, I visited, and one employee was there, my favorite employee. I asked her what would benefit her more, me tipping cash into the jar, or tipping on my credit card receipt. She told me the cash put into the jar is split among employees; but the owners actually keep any tips given via the credit cards, and use that money to pay for the expenses of accepting credit cards. No sign is posted saying this. Is it legal for the owners to do that? OP comes through ! Indiana has it's own minimum wage law but it is identical to Federal minimum wage, $7.25 per hour. Indiana does allow employers to pay the low "tipped minimum wage" and make up the difference if each employee's total takehome does not reach $7.25/hour. Indiana has no law addressing credit card processing fees on tips, so Federal FLSA applies and the employer may retain only the processing fee (average 3% or so) for the tip amount on a credit card transaction. The vernacular can be confusing, because the phrase "tipped employee" generally means an employee who receives more than $30 in tips per month. But it can also be used to refer to employees who get paid the tip-credit sub-minimum wage. In workplaces where employees are paid minimum wage or higher, tips are still the property of the employees who receive them or participate in a tip pool. Managers and owners CANNOT participate in the tip pool or receive or retain any tip money except the processing fees for the tip portion of a credit card transaction. I interpret OP's telling of the server's story as being "we make minimum wage and participate in a cash tip pool, but the owners confiscate all credit card tips". That's unlawful. It's possible that the credit card tips are typically very low and that the owner does a lousy job of explaining that their $7.25 per hour is tipped minimum + tip money + employer contribution. But most restaurants break out separate lines of the wage statement specifically so that they can prove that employees are properly receiving their tips. Additional info, from the servers: "We're not tipped employees, we all make over minimum wage if we were making $2.13 like tipped employees then it would make the difference. But we all make over $7.25." Don't know if that matters? Sorry, employers.  Doubt the server told a white lie. If you follow this sub there are questions and issues similar to this every week. Tons of shady restaurants with how they treat their employees. Happens all the time with bartenders I've worked with. Then they just don't report nearly as much cash as they're actually making so they get taxed less. The owners can keep a small percentage of credit card tips, to cover the expenses of accepting credit cards for the tips, not for the actual cost of the food. This should not be more than 2-3% of the amount of the tip.  Heck of a strange white lie. I’ve worked as a waiter about two years, would never cross my mind to “white lie” about something profoundly unethical my employees were doing even if I didn’t know it was illegal.  Non-legal commentary: In general tipped workers prefer cash tips, because of the fees and because cash is faster, easier, and less traceable. So it's possible that the worker told a sympathetic white lie to encourage you to tip in cash.  Sounds like a good follow up question to the server would be "Do you eventually receive a portion of credit card tips?" Example: Dinner is $100, and I add $20 as a tip to the credit card slip. The credit card company charges 3% to process the transaction, so it costs the restaurant $3.60 to have the transaction processed; $3.00 for the meal and $0.60 for the tip. The restaurant can retain $0.60 to cover the processing fee for the tip portion. They cannot retain the $3.00 to cover the rest of the processing charge. This is Federal law, under the [Fair Labor Standards Act](). The restaurant does not have to do this calculation for every tip; generally the whole shift's tips are added up, and the aggregate credit card processing fees are applied (since every card processor charges a slightly different fee). Your favorite server might have mis-understood the restaurant policy, or the restaurant might be illegally confiscating tips left on credit cards. 