 Speaking about the jobs that are deemed ‘required’, are federal employees legally allowed to quit during the shutdown? I’ve been looking online and have found mixed answers. Some websites suggest that during a shutdown if an employee is required to work and doesn’t show up that they are deemed AWOL and consequences will be given for being AWOL. What those consequences are it didn’t say. Other websites had suggested that they can quit at anytime. My question isn’t “why don’t they just quit?” Anything like that. More just the legality around a required federal employee quitting during a shutdown.  As a vet I understand this. I didn’t imply there were penalties. I just said the acronym meant what it meant and nothing more.  The term AWOL started off in the military, and later on passed into civilian usage. A civilian being AWOL would be considered to have resigned or quit. While the term may be used, it's not a criminal matter and there are no penalties like there are in the military.  AWOL just means Absent without leave. Even a civilian in a civilian sector job can be AWOL by its definition.  Yes, any employee can quit at any time. The exception is military, which is where the phrase AWOL comes into play. There are very few true employment contracts running around, outside the military. On the civilian side, we're just employees like usual and can quit. Of course, there are other considerations at play: retirement benefits, how well our skill sets translate into private sector jobs, etc. But legally, most of us are in the clear to be just done. I thought they were all under contract, which I assumed. But they shouldn't have a problem if they don't  Yes you can quit. Just about like any other job, you don't have to go in if you don't want to. Just don't expect to go back. Furloughed employees are expected to perform as instructed though. Don't become an air traffic controller and and strike though. The outlook doesn't look so good on that. Yes, civiliam employees can quit. AWOL only applies to those subject to the UCMJ. Civilian employees not subject to the UCMJ can quit whenever they feel like it, legally, but that would burn quite a large bridge. 