 My fiancee and I are in contract to buy some vacant land in Oregon, where we'll be moving soon. Our plan is to build a house in a year or so, and an initial shop/storage building soon after closing. The planning department is fine with this. My question is about financing. My parents are willing to lend us the money we need. We already have enough cash in hand (just barely) to buy the vacant land. We want to borrow one lump of money from them now to build the first structure and to keep us from starving, and a second lump once we've designed out house and are ready to build that. Side note: I'm a contractor, will be doing most of the work myself, and will sub out the rest. My question now is what's the best way to set up these loans? I know (a little) about the AFR and maximum gift amounts. I want to suggest terms that are similar to a commercial loan (not totally take advantage of them) but with as low an interest rate as possible, meaning for example that we'd use the property as collateral. We're definitely willing to hire a lawyer if we need to, but we don't want to just pick one randomly and we'd like to know as much as possible about our options first. We're also wondering about locking in the current interest rate vs changing the agreement if the AFR goes down, having two loans vs some kind of refinancing process when we're ready for the house, and what kind of tax reporting paperwork is involved. Can anyone point me in the right direction here? Thanks so much for reading!  In that case it seems like you're negotiating the two transactions separately and wouldn't need to deal with AFR. Writing a promissory note for the loan(s) from your parents is pretty straight forward. You'll want to clearly identify the parties involved, the principal amount of the loan(s), the interest rate, the term, repayment, and security interest in the land/building(s). We're buying the property from an unrelated third party for a price we've already negotiated. My parents would just be the lenders. No, we're not buying from my parents, and yes, we do know the price.  Is there a set price on the property you're purchasing? Are you buying the property from your parents? Yes get a lawyer. We did something similar in Washington but probably for less money than you are looking for, and everything went swimmingly, but to protect them and us we had a contract written up but hubby and I didn’t know enough to even ask about taxes or anything. Ours was a little different, they were to be paid back upon selling the house and the loan was treated as an “investment” if we sold they get their money back if it didn’t sell for enough then payments would be made with interest. If we never sold and stayed there forever they considered it a good investment. We didn’t do any sort of gifting or tax things which in hindsight might have been wrong. They literally wrote us a check that exited our bank account as soon as it came in and when we recently sold I wrote them a check back.