 There is this local politician whos kind of a crazy person/ lawyer. Hes done some outrageous shit throughout his career his career as a politician and attorney. I thought itd be fun to make a youtube webseries about his life. What I want to know is at what point can he sue me for taking artistic license. For instance I have written a couple of scenes where I have him campaigning door to door. Which definitely happened but its not like I have video tape of him going door to door. Is it ok for me to fill in the blanks to advance the narrative? What I'm writing deals with two types of real events. Real events that happened in like a courtroom or the assembly so there are actual transcripts of them and real events that happened in the public eye but with details I'd have to extrapolate on my own say family issues that became a headline. At what point do I cross the line into defamation of charachter? He was an attorney so I feel like hes probbably pretty litigous. Are there any free speech things that can protect me from being sued? I get I can't blatantly make up lies about the guy but at what point does free speech end and defamation begin? Thank you He can sue you at any point. Public figurers, however, have far less protection from defamation than do largely unknown people: -purpose public figure. The definition of a limited-purpose public figure is covered in the general Actual Malice and Negligence section of this guide under the limited-purpose public figures discussion (scroll down to the topic heading "limited-purpose public figures"). In Virginia, courts look at the following factors in determining whether a plaintiff is a limited-purpose public figure: . whether the plaintiff had access to channels of effective communication; . whether the plaintiff voluntarily assumed a role of special prominence in a public controversy; . whether the plaintiff sought to influence the resolution or outcome of the controversy; . whether the controversy existed prior to the publication of the defamatory statements; and . whether the plaintiff retained public figure status at the time of the alleged defamation. Carr v. Forbes, Inc., 259 F.3d 273, 280 (2001) If you're going to have an actor pretending to be this person and putting words in "his" mouth you better be able to back that up with people you interview saying that he said those things, and not just because you prodded them into it. For the recre material I would speak with a local attorney versed in this area of law to give you general guidelines. But overall you do have more rights here than you would making a documentary about a private citizen, and I would also suggest reaching out to for support and guidance. Good luck.