 In Oregon, someone I know is having a criminal trial in a couple weeks. He recently told my wife that he paid one of the witnesses. One, I don't like the guy at all, so I wouldn't feel bad if I told someone, even if it causes him to go to prison. But for two, am I obligated to tell the District Attorney (the one pressing charges)? Look at this through the eyes of karma...could this in some way come back and bite you in the ass if you don't ? If you do? I'm inclined to think the guy on trial brought it on himself by telling that he paid off a witness. I also think you should try and know who all else he told this to. Pissed off criminals might not be much fun to have against you. Is this your battle? Just some thoughts. There is no legal duty to report, but you certainly can if you want to.  Yeah dude, I would totally bring this up to the prosecution. I would do that by contacting a lawyer and let them know that you may have information of jury or witness tampering and you want to be safe when reporting it. DO NOT talk to anybody before talking to a lawyer. It should all be free or very little cost to make sure you don't land in hot water over all this. Please report this to make sure he's convicted if he's a rapist. I have nothing to hold my arguement besides its the right thing to dooo Yes, it matters much more if it comes from her. If it's "this person told me that this person said this," they may not be inclined to believe you at all.  I would consider everything. How dangerous is this guy? If he goes to prision... would it be long enough that he would want to come after you after he gets out? And how much do you actually give a shit if he's convicted? Neither you nor your wife are legally obligated to report this information. Whether you feel morally obligated is up to you. Does she need to be the one to do it? Where are you finding this affirmative duty to report an unlawful act in Oregon?  I'm not sure. We live a few cities over from where the trial is on going. But I'll look around.  Your wife needs to go to the DAs office and let them know what was said to her. It's very important that she do that right away.  Yes you are!! It is your duty to report honestly Does your city have an anonymous tip line for this kind of thing?