 TL;DR: my husband came over to the USA on a visa waiver from Ireland and overstayed. He was arrested for misdemeanor domestic battery, which was then dropped but he was placed on an immigration hold. He signed a voluntary removal form, waiving his rights to petition to stay in the US. We were told it would take two weeks to remove him, but now there is no end in sight and we are told we can’t pay for his ticket. How do we proceed to get him out of the US? Let me start by saying this: I’m not interested in making this a political debate. I could not care less about your personal opinions of immigration. I am well aware that by overstaying his visa waiver, my husband broke the law. I am concerned about getting him out of immigration custody as quickly as possible, not about your political stance. Also, throwaway for obvious reasons. My husband came to the US (for maybe the 5th or 6th time) on a visa waiver from Ireland around 3 years ago. We did not know each other at this point, he did not enter the country with any intention to marry me. We met, fell in love, and entered into a legitimate marriage (I am a US citizen). He had not filed his green card paperwork yet and was arrested for misdemeanor domestic battery on December 31, 2018. He had no prior criminal record. We paid a $500 bail which was accepted by the jail and we were given a release time for later that day. When we went to pick him up, we were told he had been placed on immigration hold (we were half expecting this given his status). We were not returned his bail. Due to the holiday, he had to wait until January 2 to speak with ICE. On January 2, he met with an ICE official and signed a form that said he was willing to voluntarily leave the country, accept a 10 year ban, and waived his right to petition this decision (as we had decided we would be moving back to Ireland and just wanted to start the process). At this point, I received a call from his ICE case officer explaining what had happened and saying he would be removed within two weeks (no specific date given). We were told to bring his passport down to the immigration office immediately which we did within the hour. We were then told to bring down one piece of luggage for him the next day to fly out with. We did this as well and the luggage was checked over and approved with me by an ICE officer that day (January 3). After that, we heard nothing. We called ICE everyday asking for an update on his case and were told that it was still “pending” and that’s all they could tell us. Half of the time they were unable to even locate him in the system. On Wednesday, January 15 (two weeks from his arrest), he called and explained that he had been brought to immigration (he is being held in a contracted detention center, not in an ICE facility) and was told he needed to sign a second form that should have been given to him at the same time that the first was signed. He signed that and was told nothing else and brought back to the jail. When I call immigration now, they tell me they do not have the funds to deport him, but that I am also unable to pay for his flight and he is unable to pay for his flight. They are telling us that they have no idea when they will have the funds to do this and that they cannot give me a straight answer for basically anything. This is incredibly frustrating given the fact that I was unable to stay in our apartment after he was arrested and booked a flight to come back to Ireland last week, as that is when we were told he would be released. He is now there on his own and we were basically told he could be held “indefinitely.” The more I research, it’s appearing that if you agree to leave the country, you are in fact responsible for paying your own flight so I am confused why they are saying he cannot. In addition, if they are unable to pay for his flight, should we not be able to? They are not able to do their jobs and will also not allow us to provide them the ability to do their jobs. How long can they legally hold him? He was told he was not bond eligible by his case officer. He was never given a bond hearing. Is there anything we can do? We have been in contact with an immigration attorney but she wasn’t able to tell us much. This is occurring in Nevada.   Detained immigrants, including people arrested in ICE raids and mothers separated from their children at the border, need the opportunity to be released on a bond while fighting their cases. Without the ability to pay a bond, longtime lawful permanent residents, asylum seekers and undocumented immigrants who may be eligible for relief from deportation are forced to languish in immigration detention while they fight their immigration case. []() Look for an immigration lawyer who knows the law well and in particular whether they have the legal authority to detain him. If they do not, you can file a petition of habeas corpus. No worries. I used to work for one and this is their job. They help to ensure your questions get to the right people.  Thank you, we haven’t tried this yet. Neither of us is interested in him staying in the country, so hopefully that will work in our favor. I will do this today.  Please call your senator ASAP. They have a special line to ICE and can help you get answers. Also, in very few cases, ICE will work with the senators to help people file for paperwork to stay here legally.  \- Broke immigration law \- Attacked somebody So what if he got lucky enough to have the charges dropped on just one of his crimes. Why do you think that that makes him important enough that he should get special status on his immigration case? Why do you think that you're so important you get to tell everyone else what they can say? As was your original post considering: 1. The domestic charges were dropped 19 days ago. They are no longer on his case file. They are not pending. He will never see a judge for this. and 2. In the state of NV a first offense misdemeanor domestic battery typically receives a suspended sentence.  " Based on your answer, he should be staying in there forever? " That is the most ridiculous lack of logic. Unfortunately it seems you are right. The consulate has more or less told us that it is a waiting game at this stage, I’m just not sure why he wasn’t bond eligible and why he is unable to pay for his own flights (especially given that the government is unable to do so) and neither the consulate, nor immigration, has been able to provide an answer to this which has been frustrating. Yes, the shutdown does seem to the be the root of the cause, which is why this is so concerning. Last time I spoke with immigration, they said they didn’t know when they would have the funds due to the shutdown, which is why they said that at this stage he is being held indefinitely. I know that there are many, many people affected by this, it just seems like saying he is being indefinitely after he’s signed away his right to petition and agreed to leave voluntarily would be some sort of violation. The consulate is allegedly checking in on his case every few days, but I guess due to the shutdown they aren’t sure what is going on either. Our fear is that if the shutdown lasts for months, he will be sitting in there despite saying he would leave voluntarily and having his misdemeanor charges dropped.  Yep, that’s exactly it. Based on your answer, he should be staying in there forever? Grand advice.  "by overstaying his visa waiver, my husband broke the law. I am concerned about getting him out of immigration custody as quickly as possible" So that he can commit further crimes like the Domestic Battery? Seems even more self-entitled to ask for help while at the same time telling others what they can and can't say to you.