  Please help I need advice and I’m at a complete loss on what steps I should take from here. A little bit of a backstory here.. My daughter is now four, me and her father split up before she was born because of his mental and physical abuse. I’d be here forever listing all the awful things he had done, sadly in that time I never called the cops out of fear and was able to show no proof (including my phone he had broken at the time) At the time she was born I had nowhere to live but with my mother who was an addicted at the time, my daughter was born and due to his aggressive manners towards me and the new born i refused for him to see her. Same day he called child protective services with a huge list of lies from my child played on the floor that was covered in dog shit, I never bathed her ect. Ect. CPS came and found alls of his claims to be false beside the fact my mother had tested dirty for meth in which CPS stated I purposely put my child in harm and my mother was forced to move. Fine and dandy I jumped through every hoop offered to me from parenting classes, anger management and everything in between for CPS proving I was far from incapable of being a mother. It wasn’t long after we ended up in court for custody of the newborn, his family is made of money so they had an excellent lawyer when I on the other hand do not have finances in that manner. Once in court his claim was filled with lie after lie about how i was the abusive one, how I did everything that he did to me and as much as I tried I felt that his lies were winning. I gave into 50/50 custody out of risk of losing my daughter to this monster I was now bound too forever. Over the years his emotional abuse to this girl is appalling from striking fear of the potty into her by spanking everytime she used the restroom in her diaper. Shoving her into ice cold showers every time she cried. Screaming at her when she does nothing wrong, so close to her face that she feels his spit. Spanking her when she has nightmares and gets up in the middle of the night. Never just letting her be a kid….but is always making sure he looks good to the outside world. Every time we exchange her she cries and begs to live with me she doesn’t want to go with her dad. Telling me she has nightmares of him killing or hurting her. Or dreams involving decapitated heads and her father. In this time he has broken into my home, emotionally attacked me every other week over some insane drama or some dumb bullshit. Today comes and we go to exchange her and he confronts me claiming his friend said I was talking shit about his gf, I don’t associate with anyone and I’m not a highschool kid I could care less to talk meaningless shit to people I don’t even know let alone talk bad about someone at all. I tell him he is being childish which pushed his buttons, so now he is claiming that my bf sleeps in the same bed as my child. Which is false, the only time they have ever laid in the same bed is if my bf is laying behind me and lays in front of while watching tv. Once my child is asleep I move her to her own room and her own bed. With this claim he is stating that he refuses to return my daughter to me until this is investigated, which of course the father sister boyfriend is a cop and I know he will use to the fullest against me. I don’t know what to do any more, I fear going back to court knowing well his family will throw money at the court system. I could call the cops if he does not return her on our scheduled exchange but I fear his influence there. I could call CPS, but with that and all of the above….I fear for my daughter psychological involvement in everything above… I feel like a failure as a mother, I worked hard to give my daughter everything but I have failed to protect her these years from her father out of fear….the fear that he will use his ability of being a snake against me and against her. I don’t want to lose her, she needs to be with me….not treated like a piece of property used for control….she is her own being and I am failing the one thing I love the most in the world… There is alot of details...I could go on and on about but this is really the jist of it all. I just need help...I need advice, just something to tell me where to go from here…..  This resource can help you find low cost or pro bono legal help in a variety of fields, family law included. Your daughter’s father is a predator, plain and simple. It’s not easy dealing with people like that, especially when trying to make sure you give your child the best life possible while also faced with a predatory and malicious ex-partner who has substantial financial resources. Despite this, don’t let any blame you pose on yourself dictate your future actions. If you are unhappy with how you have handled things in the past, change that now. If you think his actions are damaging your daughter, you have a duty to do right by her and get him out of both of your lives. The most important thing is to document everything that you know is going on. This will be important should this get more complicated or should your ex make more false allegations in the future. I don’t know how old your daughter is, but if she is old enough to tell you about his abuse then I would use that to document his behavior. 