 Hello all, So I am in a difficult situation with ebay at the moment. First, here's some backstory: I have been both a buyer and seller on ebay with a clean track record of over 10 years, and have sold many different items, most consisting of name brand items, and I have never had an issue like this with ebay or a buyer before. I (the seller) have a feedback score of 85+ (blue star). The buyer I sold this particular item to had a feedback score of 1. This buyer submitted numerous "lowball" offers (item was listed as an auction with a "buy it now" option with offers enabled) on the auction before finally bidding and winning the item as the sole bidder. The situation: I sold an item worth about $1,800 in October 2018; it was an authentic name brand item which meant I listed it without an option for return or refund, but the buyer sent a return and refund request a little over a week later, which ebay forced me to approve so that I could fight the case. As a seller, I have always made sure to properly package items prior to shipping them out since I know it can get banged up before reaching its destinations, and my 10+ years of positive seller feedback would prove that. However, the buyer sent a refund request stating that the item came damaged and not in the condition described. I immediately called ebay and explained the situation and asked for their advice; the rep said that the only way I would be able to fight this case was if I accepted the refund request and have the buyer return the item, so I did. Upon receiving the item, it was clearly not in the condition I sent it, and I wasn't sure if it even was the same item or a replica. I sent all the photo evidence I had and a signed affidavit that ebay requested from me stating that what I was claiming was true. The case was reviewed and overturned in my favor, and the rep informed me that ebay would refund the buyer themselves and I had nothing more I had to do. Some time passed, and in November I received an email from my bank saying there may be fraudulent activity going on via paypal, but when I checked the amount, it was for the amount I sold the item for on ebay. So I went back on my accounts and saw that there was a second case opened on my ebay account for the same item; I presume this was due to my opening a case in ebay's online resolution center, but also calling them by phone to try and expedite the resolution process. I called ebay again and let them know that a previous case regarding the same item/transaction was already ruled in my favor and provided them with evidence that the case number of the resolved case was different than this new case that was opened on my account; the rep saw this in the system and submitted a request to re-rule the case in my favor. Now here's the part that I'm struggling with: after about a week, I called back to make sure this time that the case was finally closed so I wouldn't get another charge on my bank account, but the rep notified me that the appeal request was denied after being reevaluated by their high-value items team (not sure what their exact term for it was). I went back and forth with several different reps over a span of over a month with numerous appeal requests being submitted, only to have them get declined over and over again by the higher-ups. During this time, ebay charged my bank again and I had to file another unauthorized charge claim through my bank. Finally, around mid-December, I called in again to see if there was anything else I could do, but this time, the rep told me that the reason why this second case was denied was because of an incorrect affidavit that was sent in with the first claim - the same affidavit that the ebay rep had me sign and submit. So I informed this rep that I would be willing to correct the issue by signing the correct documents in order to finally be done with this issue, but he told me that at this point it's too late and there's not more he could do to help me (what?). He then continued to say I would be better off going through my bank or even court to get this issue resolved. After this call, I proceeded to submit a case through BBB, who connected me to a rep from ebay who basically told me the same thing: they can't help me and their decision is final. Summary: Sold an item worth about $1,800 on ebay to a buyer who had 1 feedback. Buyer requested an unwarranted refund request. Item that came back to me was damaged and may have been replaced with a counterfeit. First case was resolved over the phone with ebay. Second case was opened on my account which was not linked in ebay's system to the first case although it had to do with the same item/transaction. Second case gets denied by ebay higher-ups. Likely because they may have refunded the buyer twice due to two cases being present, and due to the high value of the item. Issue spans over two months with back and forth contact with 8+ different ebay representatives, and ultimately they tell me there's nothing they can do for me. BBB connects me to ebay rep who blames ebay reps for misleading me and that there is nothing they can do for me and their decision is final. Ebay is bombarding my email with threats that my unpaid final value fee (9% of the sale) will be sent to collections if I don't pay (after they charged my bank twice for the full amount of the sale, and they still insist on collecting their final value fee). Now I'm left with two closed cards, suspended ebay and paypal accounts, a damaged item that I'm not even sure is the authentic product I sent buyer in the first place, and threats from ebay. My apologies for the long post and I may have left some stuff out, but these are the main points. I just spoke to another ebay rep today to maybe have some miracle happen, but she could not help me either due to her limited resources. I'm out of ideas here and would very much appreciate some advice. I also posted this on /r/personalfinance but I'd like to receive as much advice as I can. Thank you all. eBay and paypal always favor the dispute by a buyer. You can take them to arbitration or sue the buyer in a court in their jurisdiction. 