 I’m planning on signing my son out of the NICU tomorrow morning against medical advice. Okay hear me out, it sounds awful and ridiculous but I promise it’s not. Background: I have triplets, born at 33 weeks 5 days, they are 28 days old today, and I’m staying the night with my daughter for her to be discharged tomorrow morning. However I was supposed to stay last night with one of my sons, his 5 day brady (drop in heart rate and oxygen desaturation) watch was up at 2 am Sunday morning, but he had another brady at 6pm last night, about 2 hours before I was supposed to be there to room in, and 16 hours after his watch technically ended, the brady only lasted 8 seconds with a small desat, and it was self resolved, our hospital doesn’t require a watch reset until 10 seconds long, but the doctor made the decision to keep him 5 more days “as a precaution.” If I had been here they would have already taken him off the monitors and it wouldn’t have counted anyway, it was only because he was still on the monitors. I came in this morning and asked the doctor if they could just send him home on a monitor. I want him to come home on a monitor no matter what at this point because clearly the 5 day watch didn’t matter, and if he’s going to come home on a monitor anyway, and the monitor is the only reason he’s staying in the hospital is to be on the monitor then why can’t I just take him home? The doctor saw my point if view and agreed to allow him to come home with a monitor but told me that my insurance wouldn’t cover one because he isn’t 40 weeks gestation yet. I called around and got a price quote to pay for a monitor like she said I needed out of pocket and all I needed was the doctor to write orders for the company to be able to give it to me. The doctor is refusing to write the order even after saying that if I could get one he could come home. So I can’t get a “medical grade” monitor without an order from the doctor, but I have a monitor that does what they said he needed it’s just not FDA approved so it’s not considered “medical grade” and able to be used on his discharge paperwork. I have talked to several of the nurses who have worked with my babies the most and they all have agreed with me and think that he will be 100% okay going home on the monitor I have and there’s no reason for them to keep him anymore. So I’ve made the decision to sign him out technically against medical advice and just use the monitor I have. So I’m still following all the doctors instructions, and have been told by the doctor and several nurses that they all believe he will be okay to come home and there’s really no reason for me not to take him. Now the part that I need advice on: The charge nurse is wanting me to have a sit down meeting tomorrow with the doctor, the NMP, the charge nurse, and a social worker, to discuss my decision to sign my son out technically AMA, which I’m 100% okay with, and if anyone can give me a reason or explain to me how my son will benefit from continuing his hospital stay in that meeting then I would 100% be okay with him staying here, but since the doctor has already said he would be okay to come home on a monitor I don’t foresee anyone being able to come up with a reason for him to stay. Which is exactly what I told the charge nurse when she told me she wanted to have the meeting, and I agreed to it and told her that if they couldn’t give me a reason for him to stay I was going to continue with my decision to sign him out and she basically threatened to call child protective services on me for signing him out. Is this actually something I need to be concerned about? Can they really call child protective services on me for bringing him home? Or is she just trying to bully me into leaving him? Should I be concerned if she does call CPS on me? I’m really just not sure what to do, there’s no reason for my son to be here, anything the doctor says to keep him here at this point is going to contradict everything she told me this morning in an effort to keep him here. Help? Absolutely this. The reason is that even with a monitor at home, you wouldn’t be able to DO anything about it in time to save his life. Stay the 5 days. If nothing happens, awesome. But think about the potential outcomes: The worst outcome of staying for monitoring is potentially more hospital fees. The worst outcome of going home is your baby dying. I would not be willing to take that risk. If multiple people are telling you to stay, they have enough reason for you to stay. Stay. Why are you arguing so hard with them to go home?  I probably worded my reply more harshly than necessary and I apologize for that. I can’t pretend to understand how you feel in this situation, so I won’t act as if I can begin to know how you’re feeling, but i imagine that the pain and stress you’re under is beyond quantifying. I hope that you have the support that you need and that you and your family can find the resolution that you need and that your little one can come home when it’s safe and appropriate. I hope that the nurses and doctors can give you good news soon and your family can be reunited. Yes. It is medical neglect of a vulnerable child-child endangerment. She could face criminal charges and she could lose custody of her other children to the state. I am a child protective services investigator. You stated the medical professionals needed to give you a reason why they feel your baby needs to stay in the NICU. They did. You were advised that he needs additional monitoring and that you need a medical grade monitor, which you do not have and have no way of obtaining without a doctor’s order. The charge nurse and the child’s attending pediatrician can and will make a referral to CPS if you leave the hospital with that baby. The baby is medically fragile, you do not have the required medical apparatus needed to monitor the baby, you are not cooperative with the medical care plan and you do not seem to grasp that this child has health concerns that can quickly become fatal. Leaving the hospital against medical advice would be considered medical neglect of your baby. You risk losing custody of not only that baby, but all children in your home. Is spending another week in the hospital, having your baby’s health monitored by medical professionals, so terrible that you’d risk a CPS investigation and possibly losing custody of your children to avoid it? Not only that but if she leaves AMA then she fronts the entire bill.  If she takes him home against medical advice, couldn’t that also count as negligence? I don’t know the exact term so forgive me but I’m pretty sure if that baby dies from complications and she took him home, it would be at least some form of neglect.   What most likely happened is that someone asked that doctor if they'd bet their medical license on your baby being fine to go home.  If you take him home and the worst happens what on earth are you going to be able to do to save your baby? Its all about balance of risk, the risk of taking him home and away from all the medical professionals is too high right now, he probably wont need it, but if he does and hes not in hospital hes quite likely to die. It’s not going to get any easier with baby at home. Take the help while you can get it. Let them give you peace of mind while they monitor your premature child. Your baby will still come home when ready. In the mean time, take care of you and other babies as much as you can. Let the doctor and nurses support you.  I totally get he’s not on monitors for fun, it’s just frustrating at this point because the doctor even said to me this morning she doesn’t think he needs them they’re just precautionary and he could come home on a monitor because he more than likely doesn’t need it, and then turned around and did everything she could to stop me from getting one. I don’t pretend to know everything about neonatal medicine but I’m guessing he isn’t on a monitor just for shits and grins because monitors are a wild ride of fun, but because he’s clearly still having some physical difficulties and they’re monitoring him for more severe or escalating problems. If he’s at home on a monitor and that bradycardia turns into no heart rate, what do you do? It’s all to say that yes, they can and will call CPS if they genuinely think you’re going to put the child into an environment of immediate possible harm and they would be well within their rights to do so. More than that, they would be required to call CPS as mandated reporters. Go to the meeting and hear them out and go from there. That’s all you can do.  % be okay with him staying here, but since the doctor has already said he would be okay to come home on a monitor The reason would be that your premature NICU baby has irregular hearts patterns and they don't want him to have a bradycardic episode at your home where there is no one monitoring him, and no one available if that episode were to escalate into an emergency. It seems that you don't have an appropriate monitor so you're not meeting the minimum condition the doctor required for him to be discharged safely. The nurse could, and probably should, call CPS in that instance so that they can step in and ensure that your child is receiving appropriate medical care. 