 Hello reddit, I am writing to figure out what my rights are in this scenario. I live in Santa Clara County, CA. I signed a 6-month lease on 1/10 and then on my move-in day 1/19 (when i was given keys to the apartment), I find a notice on the door dates 1/16 that "upon recent property inspection" they discovered "significant termite activity in every building". They go on to say that "due to the severity of infestation, the only option is to treat all buildings with full scale structural fumigation". The fumigation happens on 3/2-3/4. I do not want to move in all my belongings only to have it fumigated a month later. What rights do I have here? Can I break the lease and find somewhere else to live? I would imagine they have known about this for some time.. I doubt the inspection, coordination, and fumigation scheduling of several buildings containing roughly 1000 apartments all happened in just 6 days (between when I signed my lease on 1/10 and the date on the notice 1/16). I would think they have some responsibility to tell me about this before I signed my lease? Many thanks! Thank you for you response. I think there might be an obligation here. I also asked this question on answers.justia.com in which a landlord tenant lawyer responded: "If,as you suspect, the landlord knew this fumigation was going to occur, it could very well qualify as a "material fact" which should have been disclosed to you at the time. If you would not have signed the lease had you been informed of this fact, then you should be able to get out of this transaction, and possibly be awarded damages." As I stated earlier in the thread, I would have not signed the lease if I had known ahead of time. It's irrelevant when it occurred. The landlord's obligation to you is to give you a rent credit or provide alternative arrangements for those days, which is what they have offered.  Maybe I can contact the inspection contractor, the prime contractor, or the fumigation contractor (all 3 are listed in the notice) to find out when the inspection occurred or when the fumigation contracted was drafted and signed. Thanks for your input.  With all do respect you’re having a fit over an extremely common, minimal issue tenants regularly deal with and that you’re being compensated for. I don’t know if any requirement the LL has to disclose upcoming maintenance to you. Even if there was such an obligation you have no way to demonstrate the LL knew the scope of the extermination process. Until 1/11 they may have thought it was traps and spray.  With all due respect, I am interested in learning about my legal rights, and the obligations of the landlord to disclose this information before or after I signed the lease. I am not asking for personal opinions.  Yes. I read that. It’s 3 days. They’ll get you a hotel. It’s not that big a deal.  they did not disclose they would be fumigating the building. if i had known I would not have signed the lease and not spent the money/time it took to move my items into the apartment. I'm not seeing the issue then. yes, we are asked to vacate during 3/2-3/4, and we get rent credit for those days or we can have management make housing arrangements (hotel/motel it says). So what are they doing for you during the fumigation period? Do you have to vacate?  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.