 TL;DR My older sister decided to fall behind on her portion of the phone bill, and is trying to weasel out of paying for it. My mom is sick of it and wants to do something about it, but not be held liable until absolutely necessary. What to do? I am not on the phone plan. The phone plan is under a patient’s name (who my mom cared for, and has since passed away), and my mom has the power of attorney for the account, making her legally responsible for any charges. My older sister, who lives in Texas with her husband (who is in the US Army, and is also on my mom’s phone plan), is about 3 months behind on her portion of the phone bill. Her portion of the phone bill consists of her and her husband, and my mom pays for herself and my younger sister. I’m not sure how she got so far behind on payments, but it probably has something to do with manipulating my mom and using her nice side against her. She decided to skip December’s payment to buy Christmas presents, making my older sister another month behind on her portion of the phone bill. My mom has spoken with some friends and associates of hers, and basically told me that while she can cut off their phones and remove them from the phone plan, she is still legally responsible for any outstanding charges on the account (having power of attorney). My mom is able to charge everything to her credit card, but she is trying to get my sister to pay her portion of the phone bill before having to resort to that. Due to certain financial situations, my mom would rather not have to charge everything to her credit card. I know that while my mom is legally responsible for all charges on the account, it was agreed by everyone on the plan they would pay their equal portion (including data overages and what have you). My mom is able to check everything on her Sprint account, from monthly plan payments for each phone to data overages. If they fall too far behind because my older sister fails to pay her portion of the phone bill, all phones will have their service cut off until satisfactory payment is made. My older sister claims she only has 1/3 of the money she owes (approximately $600), and she won’t have the rest until her taxes are refunded, which she is procrastinating on filing for. So by the time she gets her tax refund, they’ll probably still be behind. My older sister will probably try and manipulate my mom into not paying everything in full, leaving them behind in payments still. This is what my mom has told my older sister: Pay the $200 you have, file your taxes (all W2’s are required to be delivered by January 31st), pay the rest by next bill date (approximately $400). If you don’t, you’ll owe $600 again. I expect that by the end of February. If I don’t receive everything in full by the end of February, I will file a warrant in debt with ______’s Commander and I will file a claim in small claims court. 1. Can my mom take my older sister to small claims court for this? 2. If she can, how would it work if my older sister lives in Texas and we live in Virginia? 3. What is my mom’s best course of action to rectify this? My mom doesn’t want to be held liable for my older sister’s screw up, but I told her in the worst case scenario she’d have to be because she has power of attorney. I’m trying my best to help her, so that she doesn’t have to pay before removing my older sister and her husband from the phone plan. I hope everything makes sense, and I would greatly appreciate any help that could resolve this issue. 1. Yes. 2. Sue her where she lives. 3. Continue to pay the entire phone bill as she's obligated to, cut off any lines that are delinquent, sue her, then vow to allow fully-capable adults to get their own phone lines, and, if those fully-capable adults cannot, let them go without a phone. The short and skinny of it is that if you're willing to loan someone money (putting someone on your phone bill is functionally the same as loaning them money), you should also be willing to part with that money forever. If you're not willing to do that, don't put people on your phone plan. Suing someone does not guarantee that you will ever see the money. When people don't pay what they're supposed to pay, the only legal recourse is suing them. She would have to sue her in Texas as that's where the defendant in the suit lives. I would suggest giving the sister 24hrs to cough-up the $200 and if she doesn't then suspend service on her lines until payment is made. If now payment is made by the next billing cycle then close both lines and pay-off the balance (mitigate damages). Now she can persue the actual final amount. Personally, if it was me and sister got caught-up I'd tell her to get her own account and drop her off mine after this.