 I’m a woman living in CT. Last week my neighbor was arrested for threatening my family 2 days in a row. (She went berserk after I asked her to keep noise down at 3am.) She threatened to KILL MY MINOR CHILD in retaliation among other awful threats. I was granted a temp. civil protection order against her. Offered judge copies of police reports as well as audio of her threats totaling almost two hours of screaming. Hearing is very soon. But today I was served with a protection order from HER and I have to go to court now to defend myself! I am the victim, it doesn’t make sense! She states I’ve been “standing outside her home and recording her and she fears for her life.” OMG. I’m doing no such thing. I am avoiding her at all costs. She was served eviction papers by property management due to her threats and arrest, and she mentions in the affidavit for the order that she needs a restraining order against me because she got eviction papers? She also states I’m “recording every move she makes in her home.” In her sworn statement to the judge. How? How am I recording her in her home? What the hell? She was arrested for threatening me, and she can now take out an order against me? I left messages with six lawyers today. None were open. I left two messages yesterday for lawyers when I thought it was just me getting protection extended against her, but this “counterclaim” order has me frightened and no firm out of 8 total has called me back. I have five business days to get a lawyer to represent me, including meeting them and reviewing my issues. I’m scared. This is making me lose time off work for court. I’m shaking. I’m scared to leave my home because of her false accusations. Thank you for your advice! Thanks that does make me feel better. Appreciate your insight! Thank you for the tips! Yes, we are going to definitely look more “normal” than her in court. We are a kind and happy family. This is all such a shame. We love our downtown condominium, bought it years ago, renovated it beautifully. It was great living here until the unit next door was bought by an “investor landlord” to rent out to just anyone apparently! This is the second renter he’s had that needed to be evicted by the condo board. The last was a hard drug addict. The landlord lives out of state and doesn’t care as long as he gets his rent check. The condo board is doing anything it can to help us. Shrug. Tros are routinely and freely given. Difficult to get a permanent one. I doubt she will get one assuming everything you say can be proven. When she initially started yelling threats through our closed front door while we were home, we hit “record” on an iPhone and just sat the phone down near the front door and backed away while calling 911 on another phone. She was so loud that it recorded clearly from inside our home. The next morning when she repeated yelling threats through our door (after a warning from police the first time) we repeated the process and she was arrested. Now we installed a video doorbell installed to capture any further threats, but she’s aware of it and is avoiding it. So it’s been a good deterrent so far. The best think you can do is show up to the hearing (with a lawyer if possible) dressed a bit nicely and remain calm. Stick the facts and explain what’s going on. Sounds like neighbor won’t be able to do these same things and it won’t reflect well on her.  I’m curious how you got the recordings of her threats Thank you! That makes me feel a bit better. This woman not only threatened our lives, but threatened to “destroy us.” I suspect this is just her “step one” to destroy me by costing me legal fees and time off work. Her eviction process is started by property management. It just takes a while unfortunately, although they are expediting it as much as possible due to the threats. In the meantime, we installed a video doorbell due to the threats and are taking measures so our child (teenager) doesn’t go home alone after school. You are welcome.  Thank you! This helps calm my nerves. I appreciate it. Also if it helps calm your nerves, most judges hand put temporary restraining orders for dang near any reason. It's considered to be better safe than sorry, so issue the order immediately and then sort it out properly at a later date. Consulting with a lawyer is a good idea, and from your side of the story it doesn't sound like there's any evidence to issue a permanent order. She will have to prove her case against you. You can argue that she filed in an effort to retaliate against you. Bring your evidence with you. You may want to consult with a lawyer to help you deal with this. 