 Hi, Long time lurker with an obvious throwaway. I bought a Walmart moneypak card in Palm Beach, FL and put $200 on it at the cash register. I registered the card over the phone and was activated immediately around November 22nd and was told I'd get a 'personalized walmart-greendot bank card' in the mail in a few weeks. I did this as my usual charles Schwab debit card was frauded by a gas pump skimmer and needed a card to hold me out until I got the replacement and didn't have any other banks/didn't think of opening a new account somewhere else. I also accepted a new job offer in North Virginia around the same time and needed to leave and didn't have an address set up there yet to send my replacement card to so I left it as my then-current address, my parents house. Fast forward to December 15th, my first paycheck was sent as a physical check as I didn't have direct deposit setup. I flew to Palm Beach, FL same day to get my stuff and drive my car up to VA, and hopefully get my Charles Schwab card. It arrived but Dad kept it in his bag to give to me since he's a commercial pilot and might be around DC to drop off my card personally, which meant he was out of town with my original replacement when I was home. Great. There was however a shiny new gold greendot bank card with the temporary 'My name' on the card on the kitchen table and presumed it was my greendot replacement card or the like. I left to San Antonio, TX for work (Jet engine engineer) and cashed my check for $3200 and some change at the local Walmart Money center. Kept $700 as cash and put $2500 on the new gold greendot card. I knew it could take up to an hour or so to clear so I kept the cash for emergency funds. Fast forward the day later, December 19th, I called greendot asking why my card doesn't have any money on it and they said the card has someone else's name tied to the card. I told them the predicament, they sent me a claim number, and emailed them my receipt from Walmart and was told to wait 1-2 business days for them to investigate. 3 days later, nothing. Called them again, with the claim number, talked to a few supervisors and got a NEW claim number and to email them the receipt of the deposited check again and to wait a few days. I called them and did the same thing 4 more times including tonight with the same treatment and no avail. I since then have received two personalized cards, one gold walmart card and a white greendot card that work when I throw $5-10 bucks on them. Still haven't received any reply regarding my desposited check from greendot. Is there any recourse? Thanks. Tl;dr did the stupid thing, got a Walmart prepaid card, they sent me a new prepaid card, desposited almost entire paycheck into it, doesn't clear, call bank about it, they say it isn't my card, they say they'll investigate, almost a month later, no reply.