 Hello legal advice, Weird scenario that just unfolded today. I live in Indianapolis and I own a home where I and a few roommates live. The neighbor immediately to my south this evening called the police after yelling at one of my roommates for parking in front of my house on the street. She claimed that we were taking up “her” parking space and she has been her for 20 years and we are new. She then proceeded to follow my roommate up to our door yelling at her then called the police when she refused to move. The police came and didn’t do much and a report was not even filled. My question for you reddit is there anything I need to be aware of that we could or my roommates could be doing wrong and how do we protect ourself if she gets mad and calls the police again? The funny part is that in front of her house they can’t park there because they have a broken down car sitting there and it been there for 4 months. Thank you in advance! Turnabout is fair play. Have the immobile car towed. Then park there. How many cats does your neighbor have? Their car has been sitting there for four months? Call parking enforcement, they will come out and give them a ticket and a warning that the car will be towed. Did you tell your neighbor to get off of your property? If you did the next time they come onto your property you can call the police and report her for trespassing. Also get video cameras because she might start damaging your vehicles if you continue to park in "her" space. Yeah, she sounds kind of unhinged if she would follow them onto the property screaming at them about a public parking space that she believes belongs to her. And believes it enough to call the police. Get a motion activated security camera in case this idiot decides to vandalize the car or your property. If the street is a public street it's first come first serve for parking unless there's signs or parking permits indicating otherwise. Thank you for your input! You are correct, it is public street parking with no signs. Also I am looking into getting the car towed too.  I assume your neighborhood isn’t, like, gated with assigned parking? If the streets are public then anyone can park along the curb as long there aren’t any “no parking” signs and they aren’t blocking a driveway. If she follows any of you into the property again I’d tell her to get off the property then call the police for trespassing. Personally, I’d also see about getting the broken down car towed (many cities have ordinances that cars cannot stay indefinitely parked on the curb without being moved at all). But I’m petty.