 Im sorry for the sloppy mess here. I’m just having an anxiety attack and im not happy. State: Colorado. I didn’t expect this. I’m very shocked and I don’t know if it’s a misunderstanding. I’m stuck in a bad situation and I’m left speechless. Okay, so I went to training, and it was for a week. I was told over the phone and everything that my pay was going to be $15.00 an hour!! I’m sitting here, looking at my pay stub. $12.07? That’s a joke! The job is not worth $12.07. Even at the orientation, this man who was speaking to us about pay, told us we have a lot of responsibility so we earn $15.00 hr. I sent an email to HR! Please tell me what my options are here. Is finding another job my only option?  I plugged in $15/hr into a Colorado payroll calculator and it spit out $12.60 in net pay. This is a general tool so it can depends on what allowances you set on your W4 and other factors, but it may just be the taxes taken out. That might sound about right with income tax, If you are taxes at about 20% which would put you at around $12 Net, You still make $15 hour gross just taxes. You really need to ask your employer why you're getting $12 instead of $15 before anything else.  Thank you. This honestly sounds like what my situation is. Yes. It was one week of training. No, they did not disclose that at the interview.  Does it say "hourly rate $12.07" or did you calculate that on your own ? I think $12.07 is after tax deductions. It could be your training pay. My wife when she started her new job started at a lower rate and when the training was over she was bumped to her agreed upon salary. However i should note that this was all disclosed in the interview. You've never heard of income tax? You also pay for social security and FICA. make sure your pay check reflects your after tax pay. If it is $12 before taxes then you can take them to small claims court. You need proof of your employment agreement to prove your $15 wage. If you keep working there for $12 an hour then you cannot bring up your $15 claim later. So, figure this out ASAP.  I didn’t sign any paperwork regarding the pay— no. It does seem to make sense as to why the pay doesn’t seem correct so far. Yes, this was solely training. Thank you again.  It's likely you're on a training rate, then. Did you sign any paperwork? Unfortunately, no. I got hired to be a security officer and we have to get an additional license from a third party before I officially start my position. So this pay stub is from the training they gave us on the job site. I haven’t officially started working for them yet, but I emailed HR because they were verbal this whole time to everyone about starting everyone at $15.00.. I’ll have to see what I can do because frankly... I’m not happy to see this surprise.  Are you sure that $12.07/hour isn't after income tax? If they agreed to $15/hour, you will always make less than that due to taxes. As in, sometimes jobs tell you the pay before income tax. Then they pay you what you get after income tax. That's how it works in my jurisdiction anyway (not in US) - might be different from yours if you pay income tax directly to the government after you get your pay.  What was offered to you in writing? Bare with me, I’m not sure what you mean? Can you elaborate it please?  Is the $15/h after income tax? 