 Long story short, the idiots who changed my oil didn't put the engine cover back on properly. On my way home from work I hear a weird noise, so I pull over. I look under my car and notice the engine cover is all mangled from having been dragged on the road. I have photographic evidence of the damage as well as documentation that they performed the oil change that same day. Do I have a strong case here? Is this something I could even bring to court? I'm thinking of basically going in there tomorrow and demanding they pay for the repairs and, if they balk, taking them to court. Is that a sound plan? It's basically an independent version of Jiffy Lube. OK, gotcha. I was picturing a Jiffy Lube or Valvoline kind of place.  There is only one tier of management. Its owned by an older couple and they hire a bunch of younger guys to do state inspections and oil changes. I plan on going directly to the owner. I understand, I'm saying don't do that. They might ask you to leave and refer you to their lawyers. If you instead ask to speak to upper management or ownership, that person may take care of it. You can always threaten suit later. But once you threaten to sue, it's likely that nobody except lawyers will speak to you going forward. Go all the way through management first. I have evidence of the damage dated hours after they worked on my car. I suppose it could be a huge coincidence that the engine cover came loose on it's own the same exact day they worked on it but I don't think many reasonable people would buy that. Yeah that was my plan. I figure if I bring up my issue in a civil manner and they still balk, then I won't feel bad about escalating things. I'm not going to barge in threatening a lawsuit. Thanks for the advice. I was planning on being adamant but not being a dick or making a scene.  I'm not going to go in there screaming "IM SUING!!!" but I'm going to be very adamant about them compensating me for the repair. I'm basically going to say, "Hey I think one of the kids you have working here didn't put my engine cover back on properly. I had zero problems with it until I came here yesterday, and it came loose later that same day." If they balk and act like they had nothing to do with it, I will mention the possibility of bringing suit. He’s correct. It happens almost daily. If the are a decent shop they will fix it. Just go in and ask for the manager and calmly explain what happened and how are they going to make it right. Should be happy to take care of you.  If you can prove that they were the cause of it most reputable shops should have insurance for these types of things, or they will pay for it if it is a cheap repair. Just remember you hold the burden of proof to show it’s related.  this happens a lot actually. go back and talk to them. they trash customer cars at places like this so frequently you might not even be the only car damaged that day. most cases they just fix the stuff and move on with life. Try honey instead of vinegar. Tell them what you found and ask them to arrange repairs with a place that will work with your schedule. Bet they'll do it in a hurry. If for whatever reason they try to dodge the issue, you'll have to get it repaired yourself and sue to be reimbursed. Or just let your insurance company handle it if you have comprehensive coverage. That's what they're for. No reason to start out nasty or even forceful. Engine covers are typically like $50- $150. I would bet they will replace it because that is pretty much the standard operating procedure for this kind of thing. If they don't, you can sue them if you want, but it might not be worth the hassle