 Reviewing the topics there are several that deal with this but feel my situation is a bit different and I am not sure how to feel about it so I was looking for legal guidance beyond what I have been given. In 2005 my wife took out $170,000 in student loans for our eldest daughter and did not include me in the decision and kept it a secret between her and my eldest daughter who received the benifet. It was brought to my attention when in 2009 we had our house foreclosed, which beleive had nothing to do with the student loan it was other loans that doomed us there that I was aware of. Fast forward to our divorce settlement conference in which she is requesting that the loan be divided along with her retirement, I had no knowledge of the loan, did not sign the loan, was never discussed how or what the funds were to be used on and no one, not even my eldest daughter will discuss this with me. Needless to I have been asking my lawyer about the loan since day one, explaining my side and how I do not know if the loan existed, if she will ever pay it back, if she has already received a judgement on it and received nothing and explained that if the loan did exist and she assumes reponsiblity for it then I would walk away from the retirement but only IF the loan existed and was not in default. He and I are in conference when I bring up the loan, he says she put it in her declartion and asked if he verified, no was his reponse and told me it has to exist and with her document was asking for it to be split, I asked if it was real, he replied it has to be so I suggested that I give up the retirement and maker her responsible for the student debt, he said she will never take that, I told her that her lawyer would be right back after presentation and once we gave the info to my x wife lawyer it took all of 30 seconds for her to return with the paperwork, to which my lawyer replied "that was fast" and I said "You think?" in disgust. So here is my question(s): 1) If my daughters happy and sucessful then should any of this matter 2) Am I really responsible for the debt even though I knew nothing about it? 3) Is there any recourse if I find out my x wife put something on our forms that was not true i.e. based my decision on the loan amount if I find out she defaulted on the loan before the divorce can I go after her again? 4) even though the court is giving her the responsiblity of the loan and assume she is in payment if she defaults can they still come after me? This will clearly not be the answer that you are hoping for, but it's likely you are 50% responsible for the loan. It was incurred during the marriage for the benefit of a child common to the parties. You can get more information about how the loan proceeds were expended however. If there was something going on besides just paying for some expensive education that might be helpful. Surely you knew your daughter was going to an expensive school. How did you think it was being financed?