 Not sure what flair I should use so sorry if this is the wrong flair About a year ago I started to coach hockey, I complained to my parents that when I was on the ice, my chest would hurt if I moved a lot. They claimed that it was because I hadn’t exercised in a while so I agreed with them. Today, I wanted to see what this pain could possible be so I did what anyone else would do and I google searched it. I found something called “exercise-induced bronchospasm” (EIB for short). It says on this article “It can cause sharp chest pains and make breathing difficult. This can often be worse at certain times of the year or when exercising in certain environments”. So I decided to ask my parents if I can go to a pulmonologist for adequate testing to determine if EIB is the root of my pain. They told me “no, it’s a waste of a doctors time” and didn’t even bother to rethink their answer. Is there anything I can do to get myself tested? I live in Ontario Canada and I’m 17. Can my parents refuse to take me? Any answer are greatly appreciated  Nothing here on the legal aspects but I'm a nurse with 24 years in the rink. This is worth getting checked out. Ice rinks are cold with the air quality of a Chinese industrial city. This is pretty common for skaters who spend a lot of time on the ice. Treatment is usually pretty simple. In my experience, they simply prescribe an inhaler of the type you would use for asthma. I've usually heard this referred to as exercise induced asthma. Same thing, just different terms. I have EIB, and I'm posting this as it best describes my symptoms. A general practitioner can do some of all of the tests without a specialist.  General Practitioner. This is your regular family doctor. You can also go to a walk in clinic. At 17, you can just go yourself. Take your health card. Thanks for the clarification! General Practitioner. Your everyday, non-specialist doctor (probably a pediatrician in your case). A general practitioner, like your family doctor.  What is a GP? To see a specialist you're going to need a referral. So go to your GP, or a clinic and see what the doctor there thinks. 