 So long story short, ive worked a couple of jobs this past year, 5 jobs, and it seems like i misinterpreted the w4 employment forms and i input that im claiming 2.. Ive only filled out taxes once before on turbo tax and i dont remember claiming anything but now that i have to fill out taxes again, do I just input 0 for my allowances or is there some kind of precess i can go through to fix this? What David said. But to expound a little further, what you put on your 1040 (or 1040 EZ or whatever) does have to be accurate to your situation. If you use something like Turbo Tax or H R Block's website or whatever, it'll walk you through it. But generally, if you're single with no children, you'd be just claiming one, for yourself (unless you're blind, disabled, or can be claimed by someone else). If you're single WITH children that you can claim, you get to claim yourself, them, AND head-of-household, so generally you'd actually be claiming one more exemption than your actual family size. But as David said, your W-4 (the form you fill out and give to your employer to determine your withholding) doesn't have to match. If you are single with no children, but have a giant mortgage and/or do a ton of charitable donations, maybe you'll put a few extra exemptions on your W-4 to lower your withholding, since you'll be getting such a tax break (but watch out--the standard deduction went WAY up for 2018, so not as many people will find it sensible to itemize). Or maybe you have a passel of children but want a giant tax refund, so you claim only 1 exemption so your withholding is way higher than it needs to be. Or maybe you and your spouse agree that one person's withholding will be high and the other's low. It's none of your employer's business how many people you claim when you do your actual taxes, they just need a number to plug into their payroll software--it's up to you to use your own situation and/or an online withholding calculator to determine what that number should be. You can adjust it as necessary throughout the year by filling out a new W-4 and turning it in, by the way. I mean, if you turn one in every single pay period, your payroll people will hate you, but you can do it every so often as necessary. Pro Tip: There's also a line on the W-4 for extra withholding. If you've dialed in your exemptions pretty close, but just need to bump it up a notch, but not as much as dropping an exemption would give you, you can fill a number in there and bump your withholding up a flat dollar amount on top of the calculation that exemption number gives you. (Or do as I do, and bump up the state only with a little note to payroll because somehow the state's calculation is way messed up even though the federal one is fine). [removed] What you put on your W4 doesn’t have to match your tax return. If you claim 0 they’ll withhold a lot more for taxes. You’ll get some of it back when you file next year. I’m a single guy, no dependents, and I claim 3 or 4 on my W4. Last year I had to pay a little. This year I’m getting back about $300. 