 My niece, lives in Texas and works as a server at a bar type environment. Recently her manager has been on the staff about why they are not sharing the company’s FB posts on their own personal FB page. Even went as far as saying if anyone had issue doing so to let her know so she could “let them go” I don’t live or work in Texas, Can they legally do that? OP please have her do this in the least if she still wants to work there. You mention future jobs looking at her facebook page so this would likely solve that issue as well. If the manager somehow figures out it is not completely public and further makes an issue I would have her look for employment elsewhere if it could hurt future employment.  I was curious about this as well, her job is not the type where she is on the computer to share during her shifts so she is expected to share on her own time. She’s not completely against being asked but it’s the threat of firing that threw her off. Also her reason for being hesitant is she is going into a field that is conservative and pulling up her name and seeing a bunch of bar adverts that are required to be public would not be a great image for her. You are not FORCED to share anything, the business thinks that it is part of her job to share those links and to market that way so... Its what she is being paid to do to some degree, if she doesn't think that is worth her time or image then she is free to find employment elsewhere. Very interesting question. I don’t know Texas employment law, but maybe she would have a wage and hour claim if they have her do this off the clock? This might be against Facebook’s terms of service, they might take action against the business’ page. Your nieces boss is trying to help everyone who works at the bar make more money by advertising. I work at a bar and this is a huge step to getting people to show up. What is the issue with her posting? This would be the best alternative. Go into "friends" set co-workers (or just boss) into one "group" of friends, and when posting enable only that group of co-workers to see it. It brings up an interesting question. Are people supposed to do this off the clock? If so and they aren't being compensated for marketing, there could be a wage claim issue. I would just delete my Facebook page.  She can share the posts but only set it to specific people. That way, boss gets what they want and your niece doesn't spam her feed. No, the prior commenter who said “100% legal” was at negative votes last time I was here.  People are downvoting you? Thanks. I agree. She only has this job as she is getting her Masters in psychology. Went straight from HS to college and earned her bachelors in psychology in 3 years but as of yet has no job experience in that field to be able to support herself. Most states allow employers broad discretion to terminate employment. Many, but not all, reasons are available to employers to terminate employment. Insubordination (regardless of how petty) could be grounds for termination. From a personal point of view, I would think your niece should start looking for a new job. Because there is no law against it. Downvotes won’t change that.  Wow, how is that even possible? People can be FORCED to share something on their personal FB for work or be fired? Probably. Texas is an ‘at will’ employment state, which means you can be fired for nearly any reason, even one as ridiculous as this. The major exception would be if she has an employment contract.  Yes. That's 100% legal. Yes.