 So basically a guy showed up to my house after being told multiple times not to and to stay away. After he showed up at my house he tried to pull open the screen door when I opened the main front door, so I slammed the door and ran to grab my rifle. I came back to check and see if he was gone and he tried to open my door and come in again so I raised my rifle. He called the cops on me first stating I pulled a gun on him for no reason and then I contacted the cops telling them he was trespassing and harassing me. After an extensive night with the cops, I just would like to know if anyone has any idea if I have leeway in this case or any help. I feel like since he contacted the cops first they would take his side over mine, and then he would win the case and I would lose my rights to carry a gun or keep one. No rights were read to me, and I’m still in my home. TL;DR: guy tries to force his way into my house so I pointed my rifle at him and I’m scared I might be in the wrong. Okay, well after it was all said and done the dude still got arrested and I’m in my house. If he was attempting to break into my house I’m going to point a gun at him. I did tell the police my side of the story, and they told me to file a restraining order. So I’m going to be filing for one tomorrow. Furthermore, it’s not illegal to point a weapon at someone in your own home if they are actively trying to get into your home, it would’ve been illegal if I discharged a round. This is all based upon what I was told by the police. Pointing a firearm at someone who is not threatening you is illegal. You could have easily been arrested and charged with assault: threat of imminent bodily harm, coupled with apparent ability to cause the harm. There's a difference between just trespassing/harassing you and attempting to break into your house (what you should have told to the police). Look into getting a restraining order on the guy if this becomes a reoccurring situation. Look into self-dense insurance if you are serious about ever using a gun to defend yourself (USCCA, Armed Citizens Legal Defense Network, US Law Shield).  Good thing no one was ultimately hurt. Now file for a restraining order. In case this happens again, you want the maximum amount of paperwork in your favor, even if the judge ultimately denies granting it. Whomever calls the police first means nothing You should be fine. He had no right to enter your home. In many states you could have shot him and would have been no-billed by an grand jury.  LOL, no. You should be fine. "So I was just minding my own business, at my ex-gf's house, where I had absolutely no reason to be, trying to break in, when someone pulled a gun on me!" isn't a convincing story. Next time be the first one to call the cops, and keep your statement to the simplest of facts. "He tried to force his way in. I grabbed my rifle. He fled." Never lived here, no kid, nothing. She’s pregnant with my kid but nothing else.  Was he living in the house? Do they share a kid? If he lived there when/how di he move out? Girlfriends ex Who is this guy to you? Does he happen to be your landlord? Or live in the house? Or recently did live in the house? It’s going to be hard for the intruder to explain why he was in your property trying to climb through your window. I’d install cameras ASAP. Then you’ll have indisputable evidence if something like this were to happen again. 