 A woman I do not know, posted on a Facebook group looking for a Subleaser. I responded, and our deal worked for us, but her apartment management (state is Washington) then said that subleasing is not allowed. The only option is to add me to the lease and she moves out while staying on the lease when the leasing office technically doesn't allow subletting. She is then liable for any damages I make. The leasing office already said she would not be allowed to remove herself from the lease after I was added. Is there any other sort of contract we can sign to hold me liable for damages/rent during our sublease period, and thus make the sublease work? NAL - I mean... the short answer is yes. You and the woman could write up and sign an agreement that says something like: She agrees to be moved out by [Date1] and will not return to the property for the remainder of the lease, which ends on [Date2]. She will be responsible for all rent before [Date1] and any damages she causes to the property. You agree to move into the apartment on [Date1] until [Date2]. You agree to pay rent of [$X] to [Landlord], starting [Date1]. You will be responsible for any damages you cause to the property. If she returns to the apartment before [Date2] she will be fully responsible for rent until the end of the lease. Change/add/do whatever you want with it but you get the idea. The issue is that if you're both on the lease, an official agreement is smart but won't mean a thing to the landlord and could be hard to enforce. Like if she agrees to moves out, you get added to the lease, then suddenly she decides she's staying. She also stops paying rent so now either you have to pay for an apartment you don't live at or face an eviction. The signed agreement would only help when you sue her for the rent she was supposed to pay. Obviously she might be lovely and you move in with no problems and everything's great. Have just seen more than enough posts here from people getting evicted because their roommates stopped paying their share of rent. Considering this lady is a stranger I would be very very cautious. Added edit for clarification. That’s true, but is there some sort of contract we could mutually sign that she had to move out after a particular date and that I am responsible for rent after that date?  I'm confused. If you get added to the lease then you ARE responsible for rent/damages. It sounds like you would basically just be roommates and you would possibly be responsible for any missed rent or damages that the other woman causes too? Also if she's still on the lease then she could decide to move back in whenever she want. I would be very hesitant to agree to this arrangement if I was you.