 I'm posting this for a friend (let's call her Maria) who is not on Reddit. I will do my best to answer all questions and will ask Maria if I cannot answer myself. Maria is in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. Backstory: Maria's grandfather took out a life insurance policy on her when she was a small child. He told her about this policy all her life and promised it to her as a sort of nest egg if she ever had need of it. In the past decade, Grandpa took up with a woman of questionable character and Maria ran a background check on her. Turns out, she's a felon and generally not a great person for a lot of reasons. She didn't want her kids around this woman and Grandpa took offense. Ever since, Maria has been ostracized over this. Maria has the paperwork for the policy and until a few days ago, she believed it was still active. She went to her grandfather to talk about cashing out the policy to use as a down payment on a house for her and her family. She found out he cashed out the policy in 2011 and put the $60,000 in a bank account. He refuses to give her any money and says it's because she doesn't attend church services regularly and doesn't approve of his girlfriend. He told her it was his money that he used for the policy and she has no rights to it. The adult children of the grandfather are living off of him. They follow his rules and play along so they can continue to do this. Maria is pretty much the only one not putting up with his control attempts. She has never asked him for money before, but simply wanted to use what was promised to her. Does Maria have any legal right to this money? Is there any way she can fight it?  If I’m understanding, Grandpa purchased the policy, and now Grandpa has taken possession of it, correct? Not a case of a trust left to her by someone else? If I was correct on the first point, then the money is all his. Promises aren’t legally binding unless also backed by legal paperwork. I understand she’s disappointed but I doubt she has any legal recourse here and just needs to accept it and move on with her life. It sounds like he was the owner of the policy so therefore can do as he pleases with it. She needs to move. Accept the losses and move on. Nobody but the grandfather paid it. They ostracised his women and got ostracised in return. She is due nothing. I doubt she has any claim to that money. A promise given out of generosity isn't binding (i.e. isn't a contract) because there was nothing given in return for the promise. 