 Location: California, USA Earlier this week, I bought a large volume of an item listed at $0.XX each (exact amount omitted, but &lt;$1 and $0.09) from an online vendor. I received a formal quote at this price through their website (which I saved). I payed the full amount (\~$100) with PayPal, and received an order confirmation via email. Today, an executive from this vendor sent me an email stating that the price I had been quoted was incorrect, and that they had put the fulfillment of my order on hold. Attached was a new quote for $XX.00 per item, as opposed to the original $0.XX - a factor 100 difference. Additionally, this email offered me a single such item for free "should I decide to purchase any," ostensibly as compensation for their error. I haven't accepted this offer. Is this vendor required to fulfill the transaction? Is there anything I should be doing to ensure that I receive the items I ordered for the amount I paid?  I take it then that it doesn't matter that I had a formal quote? I also forgot to mention that this vendor is also located in California. I was under the impression that this might apply: [California Code, Business and Professions Code - BPC § 12024.2]() : . . -five dollars ($25) nor more than one thousand dollars ($1,000), by imprisonment in the county jail for a period not exceeding one year, or by both, if the violation is willful or grossly negligent, or when the overcharge is more than one dollar ($1). $100) when the overcharge is one dollar ($1) or less. “overcharge” means the amount by which the charge for a commodity exceeds a price that is advertised, posted, marked, displayed, or quoted to that consumer for that commodity at the time of sale. . -sponsored club, the purchase of a minimum quantity, or the purchase of multiples of the same item, provided that the condition is conspicuously posted in the same location as the price.    No, a pricing typo does not mean they having to fulfill your order. They can refund you and call it a day. No, they can refund your money