 Hello, I am making this post on behalf of my girlfriend who does not use reddit. My girlfriend has been working at an non-profit in Washington State for the past 7 months, full time. Today her manager told her that she "wasn't a good fit" and that they wanted to find something else in the organization for her. The new position is very different from what she wants to be doing and from what she was hired for; it comes with a new title, a $8,000 pay CUT, and no plan for transition. She has to decide in the next 48 hours. It was implied that if she does not take this new position then she is not welcome at the organization anymore. There is no HR at this organization, at least not that we are aware of. Her "onboarding" was conducted 7 months ago by an employee who had been there a couple weeks. Work is done remotely with her personal funds and equipment. What we are most worried about is her unemployment. She could potentially be unemployed in the next 48 hours and we don't want to do anything that will disqualify her for unemployment in WA if it comes to that. We looked up the unemployment website just to be safe and got confused. The requirements were as follows: \-You must have at least 680 hours of employment in your base year - \-You must be able and available to work - \-You must be unemployed through no fault of your own - \-You must live in Washington and have worked in the state - We are confused about her options. It seems to us that her employer is asking her to quit, or at least trying to change her job and make it something she wants to quit. We don't understand the legal aspects of the situation, but if she is asked to quit and does, she doesn't qualify for unemployment, correct? Again we have no HR to go to and don't know what to do. What CAN we do? Should she decline the transfer of position and just keep working until they fire her? We have also considered accepting the paid-decrease at the new position while looking for other work, but that is not ideal either. Can anyone provide some legal insight to our situation?? \\\For some non-legal information: I'm trying not to let my emotions get involved, but she works very hard at this job and regularly puts in 60-70 hours/week with no overtime. Multiple independent consultants for the position and previous employees have told the organization that there is too much work for one person to be doing and that is why they are having such a high turn-over. I personally feel that this is very unfair to her.\\\ Thank you for your time. They have told her it is either take this position or walk away. So what does she literally say to her manager? "I refuse the new position"? She said that today and her manager literally shrugged their shoulders and said "you walk then". That's not how things work, I feel like they are trying to strong arm her into quitting. Then my strong suggestion would be for her to look at what similar jobs are paying in her labor market. She might be able to argue that she is underpaid for her market ... but she may have to bite the bullet and take the job in the short term. It's not uncommon for employers to try this crap. If I was in her shoes, I'd accept the job with the understanding that the employers are waiting for her to slip up so they won't have to pay unemployment. Then, start looking elsewhere immediately after accepting the position. No, its not 25%, I think her employer really thought about this. She makes 55000. She is looking for new employment but this was all very sudden. From the ESD handbook, here: Page 7 and 8: "If your job ended because you quit, the separation is reviewed to determine if it meets one of the following good cause reasons for quitting: 5. Your employer made a change to your hours or pay that resulted in a 25 percent or more reduction." The answer to your question lives or dies on her annual salary. If the $8000 reduction represents a 25% or greater reduction in her salary, she may have good cause to refuse the new employment. Either way, it's time to start looking for new employment.  - Not a voluntary quit, and not fired for cause. If you quit or sock your boss in the face and get fired, you'll be denied UI. She should not quit. Her options are to either accept the new position, or refuse it and see what happens. If they fire her she will likely qualify for unemployment.