 Hi reddit! My husband and I just closed on a house in MA. The owner of the house is also the realtor, let's call him Mr. Jones. There were no disclosures listed and the inspector found a few issues that the seller fixed. When we started working on the house, we noticed the water pressure was low. It would be normal and then peter out over the course of a few minutes. Then the city did work on the water lines on our street and the next day the water pressure was nonexistent and it barely dripped out of the faucets. First, my husband called the department of public works and they put him in touch with the contractor who did the work. When my husband explained the problem, the contractor said Mr. Jones has called several times in the past and was informed he needs a new water line. Then, my husband called Mr. Jones, who denied this and said instead that he called the contractor to find out hypothetically what a new water line would cost for a hypothetical house because he "sells lots of houses." He said the problem didn't exist when he owned the house, but the water pressure has always been slightly low because it's an old house so we should expect that. He then told us he'd contact the contractor himself and figure it out. The contractor came out and attached a water line to our neighbor's supply and gave us a temporary fix. We spoke with the neighbor who said Mr. Jones has had problems with the water line for awhile and has always refused to pay to get it fixed. She called him "shady." I do know he was deeply in debt from a convo I overheard with him and his lawyer at the closing of our house. I contacted our realtor, who said this is an issue of nondisclosure and Mr. Jones could lose his license to sell real estate. He said to reach out to our real estate lawyer. I am concerned because lawyers bill by the hour and having just purchased a new home and with the associated costs of that, incurring expensive legal bills is not appealing. My goal is to get Mr. Jones to pay for all the necessary repairs and costs associated with replacing the water line and an inspection of the plumbing to make sure we get to the source of the problem. Both the neighbor and the contractor have made it clear to us that Mr. Jones had prior knowledge of the problem and failed to disclose that to us. Last bit, our home inspection didn't include any mention of checking the water pressure. Please advise how I can reach my goal! If he has the money... Can't get blood from a stone. That should be part of the eventual settlement, yes. Do you think I can get him to pay my legal fees? A lawyer might be more expensive than the repair. Reach out to the RE lawyer. So what if he loses his real estate license? That’s not your problem.