 Around the middle of June I bought a used car as-is from a small dealership for $2000, which I got on loan from my bank. I asked the person who ended up selling me the car if there was anything she knew of that I should be aware of before the state inspection is due in August and she said no. That evening, the exhaust pipe fell down and I took it into a shop the next morning to have it reattached. The shop I took it to showed me the underside of the car, which was almost entirely rotted with rust. The owner of the shop felt so bad for me that he tried to call over to the dealership to let them know what they found to see if they could convince them to do something for me. I went back over to the dealership right after that and explained that the mechanic had told me there was no way it was going to pass inspection with the amount of rust on the frame and since it had only been 24 hours since I bought it, I asked if I could trade it in for something comprable. She told me that since I had bought it as-is, there was nothing she could do about it and suggested I take it to another shop that she uses. I did, and that mechanic also told me that there was a dangerous amount of rust on the frame and that I should call the State Police. The state police officer I spoke to said that since the shop that had done the inspection noted that there was rust on the frame (a fact i was not told about before purchasing the vehicle), there was nothing they could do about it. I suspect that the inspection station but a fraudulent sticker on the car, because there is no way that this amount of rust happened in a year, but the station went out of business so there's no recourse there. I just came from Pep Boys because I wanted to have them look at the CV joint since the wheel grinds a little when I turn to the right, and they informed me that if they put a new CV joint on it might cause a chain reaction that would end up costing me thousands in repairs. The woman at Pep Boys I spoke to said it looked like the car had been sitting in water, because there is rust on parts that don't normally get rusty underneath the car. One of the mechanics informed me that the part of the frame that holds the control arm is rotted and could end up crumbling away soon, which would cause a serious incident and could result in injury or death. This is now 3 mechanics that have told me the car is dangerous and should be junked. Now I'm $2,000 in the hole driving a car that is potentially dangerous and I have no money to get another one any time soon. Is there anything I can do? I realize there's probably not a lot since I bought it as-is, but I feel like it should be illegal to sell a car with so much rust on the frame that it won't even pass a state inspection. I can post some pictures in the comments if you want to see them. Thank you for this, I will look into it for sure. []() ยง 46.2-1539. Inspection of vehicles required; penalty. In the event the vehicle is found not to be in compliance with all safety inspection requirements, the dealer shall either take steps to bring it into compliance or shall furnish any buyer intending it for use on the public highway a written disclosure, prior to sale, that the vehicle did not pass a safety inspection. Any person found guilty of violating any of the provisions of this section is guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor. I think there this is something to find out: 1. Can a dealership sell you a car that will not pass inspection? If the answer is yes, can you possibly get an emission inspection waiver if the projected costs required for repairs exceed Virginia's cost thresh hold? If the answer is no, any sane person would expect a full refund. Yeah, that's about what I figured. I don't know much about cars, obviously. Caveat emptor, my friend. You bought it as-is.