 This is going to be annoying to read, as it’s annoying to write. The entire situation is annoying. Basically, I live in a rented apartment that I share with two female roommates, all of us in our mid 20s-30s. We all have separate leases. We live in an apartment building with maybe 10-12 units, most of which are lived in by the homeowners. We are the only unit that rents. A few weeks ago, at 5:30 am, the fire alarms in my building went off and woke everyone up, prompting everyone including me and my one roommate who was home at the time to walk outside and wait for the fire department to come. When they arrived, they told us the fire alarm had been pulled on the third floor (no cameras up there). They also mentioned something about the basement (garage) level, but that the alarm had been started by being pulled on the third floor. I went back to bed and didn’t think much of it but asked my property manager to get some follow-up about what caused it. Then, about half a week later, it happened again, this time at 3am. While gathered in the lobby, one of my roommates mentioned quietly that she had, minutes before the alarm went off, let out a late night guest and had not walked him out. Our building is confusing to get out of at first, and I’d personally never let a guest out of our apartment who was unfamiliar with the layout without walking them downstairs. This time, the firemen told us the alarm had been pulled in the garage level, and that the emergency exit leading to the street had been used that only opens once the alarm has been pulled. This would have been necessary to get out of the garage without a key fob which is needed to open both the door to the elevators that bring you up to ground level and the emergency exit door without the alarm going off. My roommate quickly figured out it was her guest but didn’t say anything to anyone (anyone being our property manager). The HOA president, without having responded to my property managers’s request for information regarding the first alarm, sent out an apparently scathing email to every unit in the building, blaming the tenants of my apartment with the alarm(s?) and reprimanding us regarding the seriousness of the offense and questioning our knowledge just how serious it was. He said he saw on camera my roommate bring in a guy and then saw him attempt to get out some hours later. This was all described to me by my property manager over the phone, since she is the one who handles correspondence with the HOA. I never got a chance to read the email and the property manager is refusing to send it to me. When I asked her to CC me she said “the email is really for the owner.” I feel uncomfortable walking around now, like all my neighbors (many of whom have infant children who were awakened by the alarms) all hate me, and I’m worried at the end of my lease they won’t let me renew. I don’t bring guests over or play music anymore even though I have never been a problem. Every time the HOA has sent an email regarding our apartment it’s been due to one of my two roommates, never me. I hate that I don’t have the platform to explain to everyone in the building that I had nothing to do with either alarm. My question is this: does this count as defamation of character, and do I have the right to a copy of the email as it pertains to me? Am I totally overreacting? Any other advice for this situation is greatly appreciated as well. I figured as much it just pissed me off so I figured I’d ask. Didn't you say your lease is separate? The camera shows your roommate not you, so I would think you would be in the clear. You may want to talk to your owner if this goes any further. That makes sense. Thank you! You are a renter, as such you have no right to communications regarding the HOA. Yeah you are overreacting. The guy sent a rude email, it doesn't matter.