 I posted awhile ago about my grandmother wanting to do a quit claim deed after being hit with another citation and a 1400$ tax bill. She has been the only one paying on the property for at least a decade or more. Now that sting of bills wore off, she wants to sell it instead of walking away (somewhere my dad is saying "I told you so" for getting involved, but here we are). Currently, the property is legally listed as fractional ownership (1/6). There were six siblings- two have passed, one recently had a bad stroke. None of the deceased siblings 'willed' their ownership to their heirs, so I believe their claim dissolves? Two of the alive siblings claim to want nothing to do with the property but have not legally signed off. The third (stroke) will be there if there's any payout. What's the best way to protect my grandmother's interest? I would just like to see her get reimbursed for the money she paid in taxes and upkeep. A fifty-fifty split would the best that (I think) she could help for, but I'm sure it would be into fourths. Can she get paperwork drawn up (pre-sale) agreeing to a proper split?  I will suggest a real estate lawyer for her. I really wanted her to just cut ties and be done with it, but wants to try to recoup any losses if possible. However, it looks like it may just cost her more money.  What you need to check is if the original bequest (which I assume this was) had any restrictions. That is: was the property placed in some kind of trust or was this a "I bequeath the property at X to the following people". You really, really need a real estate lawyer to work out how your grandmother can get out of this with the minimum cost. I doubt she will get out of it without paying actual money I'm afraid. Thank you. I don't think it's what she is going to want to hear, but it's better to know going in. If it passes through the heirs of the heirs, an agreement to settle her taxes from the sale will never happen. Before brother #1 died around 1994, his son lived there rent free, making "improvements" to the property. My grandmother, who still paid all the bills, requested he pay the taxes. He wouldn't. Once brother #1 died, the son finally agreed to move out, but filed a 25k lien on the property. He also stripped it and made it completely unlivable. Eventually the lien was dismissed, but the damage was done. Under intestate, he and his brothers are probable heirs.  Then the interest in the property goes to whoever inherited under MI intestate rules. There were no wills. We like to wing it. :)   'willed' their ownership to their heirs, so I believe their claim dissolves? I doubt it. Either it follows the wills (if they existed) for property (even if the property wasn't explicitly mentioned) or if there were no wills intestate rules apply.