 So my mother in law has fallen for several scams. Diet scams, computer scams, but the most costly one being a wire romance scam. Last year she started sending money to a man overseas with the promise that he was going to come sweep her off her feet and pay her back with interest. We intercepted, blocked his email, and told her to never contact him again and she said she understood it was a scam and was going to stop. My husband monitored her bank account for a couple months after that and we thought she was done. Well we just found out that she’s been talking to the same guy again and has sent him the rest of her savings and has mortgaged her home to send him even more money. From what we can gather she’s sent him over 150k. She’s also isolated herself and attacked everyone in the family who tries to get involved. She’s threatened to kill herself several times in writing and on the phone to different people. My husband and his sister have durable power of attorney. They want to take over her assets and put her in assisted living or a nursing home because she’s not only mentally not well but she’s physically not well either. We have no clue where to start or what our resources are. She lives in Maricopa county, Arizona and we live in Colorado. What are the first steps to get her properly evaluated so we can begin to take control? We are trying to be really sneaky about this because she’s narcissistic and mentally ill, we know this isn’t going to go down easily. Any advice? Yes, but that doesn't mean she won't be livid.  A durable power of attorney allows them to take action immediately. If it was a springing POA they would have to show that she is incapacitated. The first step is to go to an estate lawyer to discuss the necessary process. In general, she would need to be deemed incapacitated for you to place her in a home. The power of attorney probably requires for her to be incapacitated for your husband or his sister to take action. If you take action without her consent or proof that she is incapacitated, and she gets angry that will make a mess for you folks.  If your husband has durable power of attorney, he can literally walk into any bank or financial institution of any kind and withdraw all of her money. He can open an estate account on her behalf (but with his name on it) and put her money in it. However she can cancel her POA at any time. The long term solution is to file for guardianship and conservatorship. He will need an Arizona probate or elder law attorney. Be advised this can be ugly and expensive, especially if she objects, which it sounds like she will. You can also call Adult Protective Services in Arizona and see if they will get involved.