 My apartment complex has sent me a notice I must immediately pay 250 dollars for a smoking fee. I don’t smoke. I asked for evidence and they said a neighbor complained. I asked for pictures or anything and they said they will investigate it. My lease says this is a no smoking area, but they have no proof whatsoever and I’m a non smoker. What can I do? Absolutely! If he offers an apartment inspection, I think it will be very obvious it wasn't him. We literally see this all. The. Time. The amount of drama in property management is kind of like retail, just with fancier clothes and a lot more litigation.  Which is fair but in OP's case, there seems to be no proof. For all we know, someone could have been smoking outside and that's what the neighbor smelled.  I won't say a wrong call has never been made. But that's like saying a person's never been fired from their job because of an untruth, or a person's never been sent to jail innocent. We have to convince a judge you had the dog to merit the $500 pet fee, documented complaints, pet-related damages, and usually standing outside your door for five minutes while you're at work to knock until something starts barking/scratching (no entry necessary) generally do the trick. We provide everything we can, you provide anything you can, and if it gets to that point, the judge rules on it. Anyways until they pass better clarification on service animals vs emotional support animals, it's not as though the tenant isn't just going to go buy a $25 doctor's note off a website and say we can't charge the pet fee, but, I digress. I was just trying to build a better picture of what we go through on tenant complaints and fees.  True. Though, OP didn't mention a location by the time of this post, and the practices I mentioned are true for at least the five states we manage properties in. I think it's far fewer states that care than don't. But maybe he's in Cali or NY or something!  And what happens if there really is no dog and the neighbor is either an asshole with a grudge or is mistaken from where the barking is coming from?  The balance you're describing is absolutely dependent on location. Some places have much stronger protections for tenants than this. Well, take your pet example for a moment. Your neighbor calls in a noise complaint because a dog is barking in your apartment. You don't have a pet on your lease, so we notice you. Theoretically we could charge you immediately because the fee is there for the RISK of damages or infestations (we use it to pay a pet insurance binder at my office). But we say inspection in 2 days. When we inspect 2 days later you have the dog hidden and there's no evidence. We reiterate the policy to you. The next day we get another noise complaint from the neighbor. We tell them about out unsuccessful inspection and they record the barking. We send you a second notice that with no further inspections any further complaints will lead to a pet fee. Also if the quiet enjoyment clause is violated continuously, you will be evicted. Get rid of the unauthorized pet or pay the fee, and train it not to bark all day or leave. This is all just us being nice because, again, we could have charged during the first breach. That's why a neighbor can be the reason behind a fee. Our only limitation for what we can charge you for beyond the obvious discrimination and the landlord-tenant act is 1) paperwork you have agreed to and 2) that we have some kind of paper trail for the offense that our lawyer can conceivably fight in court and win. And yes we have a full time lawyer. And yes we are prepared to take any ledger to court. In the OPs case, a neighbor assumably claims to have seen or smelled him smoking. Most properties these days are non smoking with the exception of designated areas. Working on the assumption that the OP is not lying (this is the internet) the OP now has to prove the neighbor is lying. As long as he doesn't come into the office shouting and flipping tables, I'm sure he has a good chance of that. Smoke is pernicious, it settles on clothes as well as blinds and wall,s and in the carpet. And a non smoker can smell it a mile away. If he really doesn't smoke, this one should be pretty obvious. However if he fails to fight the charge, it's not going to just go away because he thinks it shouldn't be there. If the manager feels they have enough evidence, he needs to pay it or be prepared to go to court over it.  Shouldn't the burden of proof fall on the accuser? How do you prove you weren't smoking? Why is another tenant's word more proof than the OP's?  I think the point is more that he needs to contest it quickly is really all. If he doesn't pay the fine, it's likely a judge that it'll come down to. I never said he couldn't or shouldn't contest it, just that he needs to do so quickly or it could lead to late fees and eviction processes, at which point his recourse would only be a day in court. But at the end of the day... the lease isn't there to protect the tenant. I once heard an owner jokingly say if there's anything in it that favors the tenant, have the lawyer rewrite that section. You sign the lease, you agree to its terms. If they're ridiculous, and you didn't realize that until it was an issue, you have to hope a judge thinks so, too. Bad landlords happen all the time. And unauthorized pets happens all the time, too!  So a landlord can just make up anything and force you to pay? That seems shaky. "Heard you had a cat but can't prove it but there is an extra fee for pets. Pay up!" Wouldn't paying the fee also be an admission? Let's say the lease ends and he takes the landlord to court. Why did you pay the fine if you don't smoke?  yup. and you're gonna pay. because you ain't never gonna beat the.... "all the paint has been stained from smoking your honor" 0_o? i find in favor of the plaintiff. son. you can't smoke in the room and expect to get away scott free. smoke stains sir. now go on git.  Ps, though this does bring up a good point. If none of your paperwork (lease, move in information, fee schedule for move out, anything and anything that leasing office put in front of you) does NOT detail a fee for a certain offense, you have a much better leg to stand on here. For instance we noticed and charged a lady for $50 today for leaving her garbage in a common hallway. $50 trash removal is technically only in the fee schedule for move out for our lease, but it is a signed and acknowledged document. The lease has a cleanliness clause. Using the compliance from the lease and the fee from the schedule, photos of the breach... viola, valid charge.  Because of the terms of the lease, which usually detail rent, utilities, fees, concessions and deposits. You are responsible for the entire contract in a lease. Not just your rent. So until that fee is contested it is valid. At the least valid enough to be taken to the judge as part of an eviction balance! And concessions are tricky because you can owe them the concession amount back if you default! In the end, he needs to read his lease, maybe read his landlord-tenant act, and most importantly just communicate with management! He can probably make this go away.   's generally not legal to withhold rent, including fees. How is it not legal to refuse to pay an arbitrary fee no contracted for?!? We aren't talking about the rent here... OP work quick and get them to get that charge off of your rent until they are finished 'investigating' If you can't you'll have to pay it to avoid late fees and other consequences. Double check your lease and see what it says about what they need to be able to fine you and what actions they can take to investigate. (The lease might just require a neighbor reporting you for the fine \[perfect r/MaliciousCompliance territory\] or they might have some investigation clause allowing them to unannounced enter your home) This is just going to get you late fees and possibly a pay or quit / eventually, an eviction. It's generally not legal to withhold rent, including fees. But you can tell them that you don't smoke, you haven't seen any proof from them, and that they're welcome to come inspect your apartment as proof. That said, for the amount of damage cigarettes do to walls and carpets, i'm surprised it's /only/ $250. Calmly protest the fees, if you're in the right, reason should win out. But don't mention lawyers or anything until you're rather serious about it. In our office, as soon as you say lawyer, we say, great, talk to ours - we can no longer communicate with you. :)  Thank you. They are putting it on my upcoming months rent. Any suggestions? No vaping either.  Do you vape? Does your lease also forbid e-cigarettes? If so you could be on the hook for $250.  You can refuse to pay. If your landlord tries to deduct the fine from your security deposit upon move-out, you sue him in small claims court to have the amount refunded.