 Hello and thanks in advance for reading. In 2010 I had two charges dismissed and expunged per T.C.A 40-32-101 'Minor in possession of alcohol' 'Possession of Marijuana (Schedule IV)' The charges were from a few years prior to 2010. I participated in a diversion program that allowed for dismissal after completing probation. I have not had any legal troubles since then. My questions are: 1. Should I expect any troubles entering Canada (driving) when I go there for a friend's wedding this summer? 2. If asked about criminal history, should I admit to these charges and explain they were dismissed/expunged or should I say I have never been convicted? ( I don't know exactly how they would phrase the question) 3. Would it be wise to just drive up to Canada for a weekend and see what happens? My thinking here is, if I get denied entry then I'm losing the costs of a short trip and not for the expenses of a longer trip. 4. Are there other countries that are known for not allowing entry to people with this type of history?  As an entry requirement some countries ask questions such as have you ever been denied entry into a country or something along those lines. Canada is one of them. What I'm trying to say is why risk a denial so that your future attempts at entering the country are at more harm while also adding another factor why countries might give a reason to deny you in future. The fact is if you get denied entry by a country you can't cover it up, it will be a stamp in your passport and will be a red flag/concern to other countries why this happened. Just stay at home and call them up, much easier and less hassle. Thanks for the reply. I was over 18 and it was for &lt;30g so that's good news. Good point on bringing paperwork with me. I hadn't thought of that. ? Sorry I'm not following here. How would trying to enter the country put my chances at risk? Do they ask everyone about criminal history or only sometimes?  Why would you drive up to Canada and get denied putting your chances at getting into the country at more risk? You can just call up the Canada border service and find out from there... they have a number if you google it. Diversion programs are not seen as convictions in Canada so therefore you could be admissable however it depends on some details regarding your charges. If you were 18 or 19 then it shouldn't be a problem because thats the legal drinking age in Canadian provinces. If your marijuana charge is possession under 30g then thats also not a crime in Canada and so shouldn't be a problem. However, I'm not sure how Canadian border services have dealt with marijuana charges so again call them up so you know what might happen. I'm assuming you are a US citizen so fortunately for you these charges won't be problematic as the US is the most anal about drug charges. Since you weren't convicted it shouldn't pose a problem for Asian countries like Japan also. Absolutely do tell them about your criminal history because Canada requires charges as well as convictions to be detailed. Regardless bring court documents with you to help out so you are more prepared if there is confusion.