 I work at a university in a research role funded by a grant. My boss is a terrible abusive and sexist person who has been terrorizing me for over a year and a half, I finally filed a complaint about it in September mentioning his abusive behavior, the illegal and unethical working conditions, unpaid overtime, intimidating me out of filing a worker's comp claim, denying me a promotion due to my gender, all sorts of stuff. When I turned in the complaint the only response HR gave me was to suspend me for a day without pay when another employee had done the same exact thing and faced no repercussions (neither of should face any), last fall. Then close to full four months after my initial complaint, I finally got a report on the complaint. They found in his favor for virtually everything, except for offering me some overtime pay for when he emailed me late at night and concluding he shouldn't make sarcastic jokes. Their report literally said, "We found no evidence that he yells." Except they only interviewed two people, one person who is literally not in a position to comment on the issue at all - he was literally in a different room on every occasion, and a person who could be easily retaliated against due to his visa status. I don't even know that they asked him about the yelling. Here's the thing. HR never contacted me about other witnesses, like ones that don't work directly for my boss. And they never asked if I had any sort of documentation. I have timestamped FB statuses for a huge number of times that he's screamed at me for all sorts of issues. I have a status from the performance reviews where he denied me a promotion for multiple reasons, including that he wouldn't promote me unless the men in my lab could get a funding for their salaries. I have photos indicating he lied about other issues. I have so much evidence, it's actually shocking to me. Two days after the final report, I was told I was being laid off because the grant was ending. Except my boss has two grants, and I was explicitly told by him that I was being hired on the other one, the one that still has another 3+ years of funding. Oh and that I would be promoted quickly because of it. He told me this in an email, i.e. in writing. Additionally I moved from out of state for this job. No one in their right mind would move for a job that only had a year and a half of funding I'm writing up formal complaints now to HR and the department that handles discrimination. Do I need to lawyer up? Are FB statuses considered evidence these days? What's the likely outcome here? Other people in the department really like me and would probably offer me a job, but probably not if I go scorched earth here the way I'm planning on.  but i’m p In general, yes, Facebook posts can be evidence. You say Facebook statuses. Are these just times when you went on your own Facebook and posted a status of your own saying “my boss yelled at me just now.” If you have messages between you and your supervisor this is a different street but the way you worded it sounds like you just have your own statuses to go from, which you wrote yourself.  It is probably not obvious in a legal context, as it usually comes from implicit sexism. Things like women being passed over for promotions many times in favor of men with far less experience, being called "difficult" because they disagree, and, as OP experienced, not being funded/promoted until all the men in the lab are funded. (Head over to r/LadiesofScience or r/Scientits for more examples.) I agree with you -- while these things may be true, it doesn't mean they can be proven, especially in a lawsuit. That's why I think this type of discrimination won't end because of lawsuits -- the culture needs to change from the inside (and it is starting to).  Is it obvious in a legal context? I’m sure you’re not making this up but just because something is true doesn’t mean you can prove it.  This is a systemic problem in science -- it's the kind of thing that is very hard to prove, legally. Many women across many labs experience similar treatment. Once you see how many of their experiences show the same pattern, it is pretty obviously sex discrimination.  IANAL. I do know a bit about sex discrimination in University science labs. Since you've already spoken to a lawyer, all I can say is go back to them with your evidence and HR's investigation/retaliation. From media coverage of these kind of systemic problems in science, it seems like "hidden" or "coded" sex discrimination like this is hard to prove. Only your lawyer can weight the pros and cons of legal action. Once you tell the University about legal action they will probably clam up and refuse to talk outside of lawyers. And as you've said, you would not keep a Univ job. I have a lot of ideas about making the University's discrimination office do their job, like finding allies with political capital in your department, women who've experienced the same issues in this boss' lab, and people who've been through this process. This is your option if you want to keep a job at the Univ. Much of this advice does not fit on r/legaladvice, so feel free to PM me. Or post your question in another sub. Unfortunately I don't know which one fits! Is there a sub for women in science? Can you prove that this is because you are a woman? There are a myriad of (likely) explanations that do not include you being a woman as part of the reasoning.  The kind that exists only in fairy tales, lol. Honestly the only kind I could possibly think of in this situation is if, and a big if, there’s any sort of ethics board at this school. Cause otherwise, OP is entirely boned instead of just probably boned.  What kind of ethics board are you thinking of here? So you have Facebook statuses by the boss wherein he is admitting that he yelled at you and has been abusing you? If he is publicly posting how he abuses his employees, that’s incredibly stupid of him, and also something you could present to an ethics board.  's policy is to make an appeal to a claim in 10 business days if you don't agree with a decision. That's irrelevant to the legal issue here, assuming there is one. They can be, yes.  Aside from the wage thing, nothing he has done that you described is actually illegal. Being a woman doesn't mean he can't show favoritism to other employees or disciminate against you. It just means he can't discriminate against you BECAUSE of your gender. In your case you don't have much to prove that the reason is because you are a woman. He sure as fuck can yell at you and call you names if he wanted. Yes facebook messages are valid evidence if there's anything in there that actually shows sexism You can file a claim for not getting paid overtime I can do that, but the University's policy is to make an appeal to a claim in 10 business days if you don't agree with a decision. Shouldn't I follow through with that before contacting a lawyer? And still, are FB posts evidence? That was my initial question. Like they're timestamped notes right?  It's coded. Like if an experiment doesn't work the way he thinks it should. He accuses me of making a mistake. Then make me repeat it forcing me into unpaid overtime. However if the men in the lab give him data that doesn't make fit his narrative, they aren't forced to repeat the experiment the day of. Instead he reconsiders the model of what the experiment tells us.  Ok, so go back to that lawyer and tell them you want to take the next step. This is, of course, assuming you actually have evidence of something that is legally actionable that you aren't sharing here.  If you have not been paid for your overtime then file a wage claim with the state. You will need documentation of hours worked versus hours paid. When your boss yells does he use sexist or racist language? I did back in August. He agreed I had a case, but warned me I would get fired if I made a complaint. My hand was forced in September and I made the complaint. I can prove he lied to HR and their official response was based on a milquetoast investigation and believing his lies.  If you can't go into detail here, how the hell would any of us be able to give you a response? Go to a lawyer in person with your evidence then.  't get a promotion unless the men in the lab got separate funding. Yes, I read your whole post. You can take your notes to a local attorney who can review them and advise you accordingly, but this doesn't strike me as specifically discriminatory, unless he did something like giving men in a similar position as you promotions but not you, because you're a woman. Did he say anything more specific, like he's not going to give women a promotion? Or like he's not going to give you a promotion because you're a woman? Because I didn't go into detail on a Reddit post? Like seriously dude. I have evidence. So much evidence. I asked if FB posts were good documentary evidence. Are you just ignoring that? I'm puzzled. Did you not read my whole post? Like I have notes that he told me I couldn't get a promotion unless the men in the lab got separate funding. when he has a grant that he told me in writing included promotions. How is that not cut and dry sexist discrimination? Like there's more to it than that, but I was trying to summarize for reddit.  Nothing you described constitutes sexism or a hostile work environment. All you described was someone yelling at you, and asking you to work without pay. How is creating a hostile sexist working environment not illegal?   're supposed to follow. Doesn't matter, it's not illegal. Requiring you to work without pay is illegal. For that, you can file a wage claim (assuming you actually did, in fact, work without pay). Like he yells at me and makes me work unpaid overtime, was that no clear in the initial post? Yelling at an employee does violate the standards of behavior that we're supposed to follow. HR is supposed to discipline supervisors that due it and not retaliate if they complain. Also, they didn't point out it wasn't a legal issue, they said, they found no evidence for it. That's way different. Like he's violated the handbook so much and so often it's difficult to explain. But in addition to that he asked me to work without pay and to pay for reagents when I made a mistake. Both of which are totally illegally and I have timestamped notes for.  What exactly did the supervisor do to you? Yelling, as they pointed out, is not a legal issue. 