 Hello, I own a condo and back last year in August, I had a toilet overflow for about \~30 minutes which caused water to leak down to two other units. The flooding was caused by my roommate. The toilet got clogged, and the handle of the toilet got stuck so it kept flowing in water. At the moment of the incident, I didn't have home owners insurance (yes my fault, I just bought the unit) but I got it the day after. I had a water restoration company check out the damages to my unit, but I chose not to do any repairs. This was back in August and currently there is no noticeable damage in my unit (wood isn't warping, no mold, etc.). But what do I know, maybe underneath the tiles there's water damage? The two affected units had repairs done. I'm not sure of the exact cost but the HOA's master policy covered the repairs. The master policy has a deductible of 10k which the HOA is deeming me responsible. I think the repairs they did were excessive and unnecessary. I don't know the final cost, but from what the HOA is telling me I'm guessing 20-30k. Is there anything I can do about this? Am I responsible for 10k? I now JUST got a statement in the mail saying I owe 10k, after 6 months from the incident. The statement says the bill is from Oct 31st, which is after I have home owners insurance. Will they cover this? During this time I constantly asked for updates, and the HOA ignored me. Yes my roommate should pay, but ideally we don't want to pay 10k. What are my options? The HOA insurance company will likely subrograte for the money they paid out if the damage did not originate in the common property, so you will be responsible for the whole claim and not just the deductible. Check with the insurance policy for the details The insurance will not cover a loss that occurred before coverage started. If insurance did that then no one would get insurance until after they suffered a loss. If the repairs go beyond the 10K deductible then the insurance company may come after you for the excess amount. Is the HOA the one billing you 10k? If the repairs look legit then you are responsible for damaged caused by water leaking from your unit. Do you have insurance? I have asked for details. Let's say they gave me a detailed report and the repairs look legit. What are my options? Am I responsible for the other units repairs?  Why? If you think that they are billing you for upgrades or something you may have an argument but just because you didn't have to repair your unit doesn't mean that they didn't have to repair theirs.  You have every right to ask for details. Until you get them you have no basis to form an opinion.  I have no basis. I don't have the details or know what repairs were done.   Based on what? Did you see a detail of the report done? Repairing water damage is very expensive.