 Not sure if this is the right area to ask, but I’m pretty upset and want to see what I should do in this situation. I went to the office printer and I found a performance review that my manager left lying around for anyone to see (confidential document). The review stated that I (directly referencing my position, not my name, however I am the only individual in the position at that specific location- so can reasonably assume it’s in reference to myself) was not Engaging in my client meetings successfully. Stating I struggle with meetings, can’t ask for business etc. In order for my manager to have these direct observations, she would need to have sat in my on client meetings. She has not sat in on any of my meetings, which is a requirement of hers. Not once since being my manager for the last 2 months. The performance review was a confidential document between my manager and a higher level manager who has control over further growth within the company. I understand that she’s required to fill this out, as her higher ups are looking for this. My numbers and performance are actually quite exceptional (we’re net sales, and we can refer business to a different department, which shows negative for a couple of weeks, until it rebalances). Her comments are completely unwarranted and quite frankly false as they are not true observations as she has not observed me with clients at all. What actions, if any, can I take against my manager? Should I document this with HR? I feel like this is form of slander or defamation... however it’s for a large corporation so I feel as if I would not be able to do anything. How can I protect my reputation from what seems to be an incompetent manager? TL;DR: manager tarnishing my reputation to higher management through false claims.  An internal performance review is almost certainly protected by qualified privilege. The idea is that the law should protect certain good faith activities even if the information is inaccurate and lowers someone's reputation. Internal correspondence about employee performance likely falls into one of those categories. Your supervisor had a duty to provide a performance review and it was sent to people who had a duty to receive it. To succeed in a defamation action, you would likely need to show that the statements were made with malice. As in either your supervisor knew the statements were untrue or had reckless disregard for whether they were true. If you can prove the performance review was actually read by people who had no business reading it, then it's possible you could have a case. In any event if this is something you seriously want to pursue, then you should talk to an employment lawyer.  Canada does generally have strong defamation laws that tend to favour the victim (whose reputation has been allegedly harmed)... However, there are many possible defences that can be raised in defamation cases that you should be aware of. For example, truth/justification is a valid defence—this applies to cases where the defendant can show the statement was based in truth (even if they may not have known it was true at the time they made the statement). Qualified privilege is also a valid defence—that's basically where someone reports something which they feel they had a responsibility to report (such as due to a legal, moral, ethical, or perhaps employment duty) and it's reported to person(s) who had a legitimate interest in hearing about the situation Innocent dissemination is another possible defence—that basically refers to when the defendant's defamatory statement was based on someone else's statement and they reasonably believed it was true when they repeated the falsehood And there are various other defences which may or may not apply to your situation. --- Whether you could sue for wrongful dismissal is a different question that you would need to direct to a lawyer or other qualified legal professional. In general, employers in Ontario need to provide you with early notice of termination or pay in lieu of notice of termination unless they can demonstrate they have legitimate cause to fire you (with the possible exception of termination during your initial probation period). So, generally speaking, if your employer fires you without appropriate notice (and without termination pay in lieu of notice) and there is no legitimate cause for termination (e.g. because the reason for termination was based on false information), then it's possible it could turn into a wrongful dismissal case. That's the sort of thing you would need to consult a lawyer about though if you end up in that situation. Not really. The burden of proof would be on you to demonstrate the falsehood and malicious intent. It wouldn’t be worth the money and effort. I’m not worried about being fired. I’m worried about my reputation. if it ever came to being fired due to false claims, would I have any shot at a defamation/slander claims.  You can talk to her boss about it, but odds are they’ll side with her. You have no legal standing - they can fire you for whatever reason they feel like.