 so like the name says, i'm very embarrassed about this. keep in mind i have stress and anxiety issues about everything, but especially dealing with police, but that's no excuse. a few days ago i got into a car accident. i tapped someone from behind at a stoplight, we were in the middle of a really busy intersection of a downtown street, so when i hit them i panicked and initially tried to get the hell out of the intersection and everyone's way, and in my panic i drove a few blocks before realizing that duh, you're supposed to stop and exchange information. like i said i was out of my mind for like thirty seconds of panic. so of course the car i hit is right behind me, and i pull over. immediately i start apologizing for not stopping earlier, and of course they're under impression i'm trying to flee. i'm not a shady character, but in the moment i get too embarrassed to try to explain about the panic and just say i'm sorry a bunch, and reassure the driver that i have insurance and my license and of course want to make this right. anyway, we exchange information and eventually some firefighters arrive. i talk to them, they survey the scene. a woman who was a passenger in the other car ends up getting taken off in an ambulance, which was really confusing to me since i wasn't going even ten miles an hour on impact, but if she's hurt she's hurt so i don't think anything else of it. eventually they leave, but before they do i'm pretty damn sure i ask them if it's alright for me to leave since i'd already given the lady my information to get the insurance process going. again, because they don't stay behind to make sure the police get there i assume it's alright for me to leave. i tell the lady i'm gonna go but that she has my phone number in addition to everything else and that she doesn't have to worry about me being able to cover the damage. fast forward to today, a person from my insurance calls and says that the people have filed their claim, but that they're also positing that i may have tried to flee. now i feel like a fool and am wondering if they have any real case against me since i stayed there to not only exchange information but also be interviewed by the firefighters. i'm also paranoid so now i'm freaking out wondering if i'm gonna go to damn jail or something, even though i'm completely cooperating. i know i know i know i could've handled that whole thing way better, but i let my anxiety get the best of me. now i have to deal with whatever comes my way, but i'm wondering just what that will be.  thank you. any idea of what happens if i end up being suspected of a hit and run? as in, what will i have to do to prove that i didn't try to flee other than the fact that i stopped and cooperated with the other driver and firemen?  You’ll need to file a report of the accident with DMV, if your insurance doesn’t do it for you. If terms of a collision, it’s the police you give the info to, not the firefighters. I’d call that PD station and a attempt to make a report as well. If you’re a hit and run suspect, you’ll know when talking to them. If it’s blown off, keep notes of the date, time and who you talked to just in case it comes back later to haunt you. 