 First, I feel like I should mention I am in the US, Ohio in particular. I’m currently 16 weeks pregnant. I got a job November 2nd when I was about 3 weeks pregnant. The job was working with dogs. When I had my first OB appointment I talked with my doctor about my job and asked about safety. He told me the job was perfectly fine since I wasn’t working with cats. I waited until 8 weeks to tell my boss. She told me I could not work there after the second trimester or when I started to visibly show. I think half of it is genuine concern, half of it is being afraid something will happen and she will get sued. She asked when my second trimester began and I told her and she decided that would be my last week and took me off the schedule (we pre-schedule a month in advance.) Technically, I did give her the date of my second trimester but when I told her I was pregnant I told her how far along I was so she would have easily figured it out. A week before the date she took me off I had a threatened miscarriage and was told my the ER to go on light work duty until I saw my doctor (it was a Sunday and I saw my doctor on a Thursday.) My job isn’t exactly light work, but the restriction could have been accommodated as I was usually never alone there anyway and if I was it was for an hour. She did not accommodate the light work and took me off the schedule early. I have text messages proving she took me off for being pregnant. I won’t lie. At the time I wasn’t super upset because I had just almost lost my kid. But now I’m jobless and was given full clearance to do the job in full that Thursday. Should I take this to the BBB or let it go? I know she has done this before and she even once said, “I wonder if it is legal to only hire lesbians because they don’t get pregnant.” TL;DR Was let go for pregnancy, not sure if it was legal.  Sucks Ohio has a fire at will , they can fire you for anything it seems, they don't even need a reason. FYI the BBB has no actual authority. I've heard it described as Yelp for old people. Yes. I have one more question. When discussing the number of employees at the time I was fired do I include myself? File an employment discrimination claim with the Ohio Civil Rights Commission. This was illegal discrimination.  There are five including her. However as I mentioned above one is paid through an Ohio program.  If there's less than four employees, this was not illegal discrimination unfortunately if your employer has fewer than four employees, unfortunately, it is not illegal for her to fire you for being pregnant. Thanks. Changed it  Less than that. She literally keeps only enough people on hand to cover the shifts. People can’t call in sick without risking getting fired.   You would take the case to the Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. (EEOC) How many people work there? The Better Business Bureau is essentially an older version of Yelp. Despite the name, it is not a government organization How many employees does your employer have? The federal law against pregnancy discrimination does not apply to companies with 15 or fewer employees.