 Hi all, quick question here. My car was parked slightly in a red curb, and a neighbor informed me that he called the police. I apologized to him and kept my calm even though he was very riled up. I proceeded to move my car into a better spot with no red curb near it. No harm no foul right? The next morning, I found a parking ticket for a red curb violation. I took pictures of my car for proof that it was not in a red curb zone. I also noticed that the officer had written the wrong address on the ticket in regards to where I was parked. Can I dispute this ticket? Stop being obtuse. Of course he hasn't testified yet. The officer was clearly given enough information to correctly identify OP, so it wouldn't be to far of a stretch to assume the neighbor told the officer information that aided in that identification. Correct. Neighbor hasn’t testified to anything yet, though. Neighbor's testimony is proof. To counter that, OP would have to answer the question. Refusal to answer or counter the neighbor's testimony won't help his defense. I guess read the OPs comments. Really? Because I don’t see either of those things in the question. Presumably the neighbor told the officer something, but the neighbor would have to come to court to testify. I don’t see anything about pictures other than the ones OP took to show his car after relocation. Aren't parking tickets civil? Wouldn't that be under the "preponderance of evidence" standard? They have both of those things. Actually, he won’t have to answer. Fifth amendment and all. The burden will be online Forssman to prove that he was parked illegally. They could do that in the form of testimony from his neighbor, or in the form of a photograph if they have one. But the state has the burden of proof. You can try, it doesn't mean you will successful. There's no such thing as "a little bit pregnant". Let's accept that you were in the red since you don't dispute that. Legally, you can dispute it. That doesn't mean you will be successful. You have to consider your evidence and think about if it's worth taking a day off work to go to court (if you can't dispute by mail), where you potentially have to both pay the ticket and court fees (which should be specified on the ticket or court website). You were parked in a red curb zone at one point, though. Your neighbor may have taken pictures of your vehicle and showed police, then pointed out where your vehicle currently was. You can still dispute it, but you'll be directly asked "did you park in a red curb zone" and you'll have to answer. You can dispute it but you will fail. It's a valid ticket.