 Thank you for taking the time to read this, I'll get straight to the point. (Also, on mobile, sorry for the formatting). TL;DR: Propane tank has been unsafely installed, company wants to charge minimum $250 in fees and parts to move and install tank to new spot. My husband and I purchased our home 2 years ago, and have been having issues with our Propane back-up heat since the first winter. The tank was installed during the previous owner's time, and we assumed the rental of it when we took over the house (no contract, just yearly rental). This Propane company is a small scale, local distributor, so there is no corporate or customer relations to speak with. The issues with the tank are as follows: 1. It has been installed against our house, underneath the corner of two joining roof slopes, so the moisture dripping from the roof on warmer days hits the tank, and freezes the regulator up (so no propane will flow into the lines, unless you thaw the regulator with a warm towel, hair dryer, or wait for it to warm up outside). It will also freeze the line on very cold nights, so we're constantly worried if we're gone for a long period of time, or overnight etc etc. 2. A representative of the company has told me both over the phone, and in writing (email), the safety regulations of where the tank is supposed to be installed (10 feet from any kind of air intake, or exhaust (verbatim quote: "vent of any kind"), as well as 3 feet from any door or window). My tank is installed directly beside my kitchen window (maybe a 2" clearance, and that's very generous), as well as directly underneath our kitchen range hood exhaust. I've contacted the company to try to see what they can do about the tank freezing up, and they've suggested building an insulated box with 3' clearance around the top of the tank, to stop moisture etc., but have said that the tank obviously needs to be moved in the spring or summer, when everything has thawed. It was during this conversation that the rep told me about the needed safety clearances, and said that they could send a technician out to evaluate it, if I feel that the safety regulations are not being met, but it will not be possible for a couple of months, as they are fully booked, and winter weather (I have booked for April). I emailed some photos, and after viewing them, the representative said that "it does look close to the window from the picture". During our phone conversation, the rep stated that there would be an evaluation fee of $80 for the repositioning of the tank, as well as a minimum of $250 for installation, trenching, parts and labor etc etc when the new tank is installed. My question is, am I held accountable for these fees, as the tank has obviously been improperly and unsafely installed? I can understand being charged for the new lines entering in my house, and even trenching (which we can do ourselves), but should I be charged this much, to move a tank that had been improperly installed by this company? Again, we have no contract with them, and are charged year end for tank rental. I could always set up an account with another company, but this one usually has the best rates, and a great delivery schedule for our rural area. Any advice would be great, or just opinions on the matter. Hell, if you could send me some tips other than building some kind of wooden box to attach to my stucco house, to stop my regulator from freezing, I'd really appreciate that as well.  Hahaha, you're right, not my proudest moment! Told you I wasn't qualified when it came to gas. We were thinking something along the lines of your second suggestion. I'd rather not spend a ton, seeing as once the ground thaws, we'll be moving it (plus, it's been very cold this winter, so the less time outside, the better). We're thinking 2x4 boards, attached behind the eaves, with a overlapping piece of tuftex, or some kind of plexiglas, and support struts leaning against the house. Thankfully the propane tank can't be seen at all from the road, so we dont need to worry about inspections of our contraption. Thanks for your advice!  CO probably, not CO2 ~_^ Ok, yer right, you don't have a lot of options right now. Either the building goes cold for the rest of winter, or you figure out something that might help at least keep the drips off the regulator. If I absolutely had to jury rig something for this specific scenario, I would go and build a [1/2 galvanized pipe frame](), but I have access to a lot of free 1/2 pipe fittings to offset that $350 price tag for all new parts from the renovations I did on my own home. The reason I would use pipe is that it is all non-flammable. Just build the frame, cut down the roofing, drill a few holes and tie the panels to the frame. will be able to get the pipes right up against the wall even though there is very little clearance, and can cut the sheet metal to meet the angles you need in the corner and have enough of a protrusion to get the drop edge well past the tank. If you don't have access to cheap pipe and fittings, you could do similar with a 2x4 or 2x3 frame, but your building inspector may have more to say about having flammable materials that close to your tank. You could build variations on design with a wood frame that is further from the tank, but not sure if your window starts getting in the way. Thanks for your response! I'm TSSA certified for filling propane tanks (up to 100lbs), and I remember them saying that 3 foot clearance is allowed from a refilling station, so I'm assuming that would also apply to a household tank like ours. That being said, I couldn't build any kind of structure surrounding the tank, because it's got maybe an inch of clearance from my home's exterior walls. Unfortunately (and in a way, fortunately), I am relying purely on the propane for heating my home at this time. We are currently renovating, and are staying with my in-laws, so, even the event of a leak, there is no one in the home to off at the moment. Ontario law states that a CO2 detector must be installed in a home, and we have combination smoke/co2 detectors on every level of the house. No neighbors for quite a distance either. This is what is so frustrating at the moment, because we are constantly paranoid about no heat in an empty house. I've tried plastic regulator covers, but the mesh is facing directly out of the tank, and at a corner of the walls, the wind tends to circle around, so I haven't had any success. Like you said, I worry about blocking airflow, so I don't want to get too creative when it comes to stopping it from freezing up. Unfortunately, like you said, there is no proper shut off but the screw-style valve on the tank itself. Husband and I have no experience with any kind of gas lines, and even if we did, law dictates a proper inspection be done afterwards for obvious safety reasons, and that alone would cost a few hundred dollars. The house is built up on a hill, so the only good placement would be about 15-20 feet away from the house, which will require trenching, underground lines etc etc, and we're just not qualified for it. I'm hoping if I just be polite, but make a big deal about how the tank has been installed unsafely, (and in violation of safety codes, in a house that mainly uses wood burning for heat!) they will waive a few fees, but I'm thinking that I'm going to be stuck with the bill! Sorry for the novel, thanks for the help! Ok. Looks like they have the clearance specs correct on paper at least. Technically, you shouldn't be operating that tank at all. Even with a cover. It's unsafe. When I say unsafe, I mean unsafe in the event it begins to leak, not unsafe as in it's looking to explode right now. However given that it's getting condensation and freezing, you are increasing chances of developing a leak. If it were me, I'd shut the thing down entirely until you can get it moved. To keep it from freezing, you can buy a plastic propane regulator cover for $10-20 depending on what size you need. Building a straight up cover, even with 3' clearances, usually requires permit/approval from your local code enforcement department. You don't want anything that can capture / pocket gases. Especially given that your distances from openings/vents are already compromised. Now, as for who is responsible... You would need to prove that the company, infact, installed it there and it wasn't the previous homeowner that moved it closer to the building for whatever reason. That could be tricky unless they straight up admit to doing it wrong. In not sure on the bylaws about tank installation and inspection where you are, but a small tank like that likely doesn't have the same sort of hold-down and emergency shut-offs requirements a large tank would have. You could buy the materials and move it yourself if there is room nearby to move it to and keep it under the eves.  Upright, a 120G/420L sized tank. How big is this tank?