 So we purchased our house in August and in November, our neighbor knocked on our door and notified us that our septic light was on on (should be accompanied with an audible alarm) and our septic pump tank was overflowing with sewage. Long story short, we do some research and determine that we need to call a company to come out and pump out our tank and that should resolve the issue. Well.... as expected, I wouldn't be here if this would be an "easy" fix. When the company came the next day to pump our tank, they tell us that our tank had been pumped, but we have a larger issue.... our septic grinder pump is out and it was going to be a $2600 repair. I was in caught off guard and some time to do some research myself and make sure I wasn't being taken advantage of so I told the company that I'd pay them for the pumping of my tank and have them come back to complete the repair of the pump at a later time. So I called another company to come and take a look at my septic system (I didn't want to tell them what the issue was so I could get an honest 2nd opinion) and they came as soon as they could. Well, they determined it was the septic grinder pump as well, but after looking at the wiring, they said that someone had intentionally altered the wiring so the audible alarm wouldn't go off. At this point, red flags started to raise so I went over and talked to my neighbor and had he mentioned that the previous owner of the house knew of there being septic issues and every year would have someone come out to do some sort of patch maintenance on the septic system. TL:DR - Previous owner intentionally altered wiring on septic alarm system and knew of reoccurring issues, but did not disclose while selling the house. would this be worth trying to take to court if the owner refused to pay for the repairs (haha, yeah right)? Additional info: This is not covered in our home warranty. House build in 2012 [removed] I'm in the same boat... and you won't like it but you're probably Shit Out of Luck, pun intended. Septic problems are generally NOT covered by either title insurance or home warranties. I don't see what state you're in, but generally those "disclosure" forms are worth about the cost of the paper and printer ink they're made out of. Typically the only state mandated disclosures are things like flood/fire damage, mold, meth labs, and murders (Where I am it's just mold and meth labs). Septic systems are notorious for playing gotcha! and even if your initial inspection was performed properly, typically all they do is come out, pump it out, stick an inspection camera in and look at the intake and outlet, check it for (water) flow, and locate the leech field... they don't typically inspect the grinder pump or filters unless it's specifically requested because those systems can (and do) fail when it's least expected... like a few days after closing. They almost certainly don't inspect the alarm system on it. As for that, unless you county or HOA requires an audible alarm, there's nothing inherently illegal or fraudulent about removing the buzzer or siren. There was a light, you should have seen it, and known it was something. (so in my case I don't have a pump, but the discharge pipe on ours is corroded almost to the waterline. If it corrodes another 2-3 inches our tank will need to be replaced - probably thins spring when it warms up. It's a $2500 job to pull it and put in a new tank. We might get a grinder pump and filter, because it just makes it better over all... we didn't find out this was a problem until we'd already signed off on the inspection report, and were pretty much helpless at that point, the only option being to blow the contract up and walk away from our earnest money which was significantly more than the value of the tank... so we bought a shitty tank (sorry, I cant help it). At least when we get it fixed we can do a few other small things at the same time and upgrade for less than the cost of waiting for total failure...) Unfortunately that's pretty typical, as I found out after I purchased my first home. After the first year when they called to ask if I wanted to keep it I told them where to stick it - sideways. I would check your closing docs to see what, if any, disclosures were made regarding the septic system.  Good luck going after any home inspector for anything. Their contracts are pretty ironclad that they aren't responsible for a damn thing. I agree. However legally they are not required to. It seemed like the first commenter was trying to use this as a way to go after the home inspector for damages. I was advising that it is out of the scope for a typical home inspection It's exceptionally unwise to not have a septic system inspected by a qualified contractor before purchase because they almost always have something wrong with them, and it's very often an expensive something. Much more expensive than the few hundred dollars the inspection costs. Any good home inspector should be telling you this and have one or more septic people they use to provide this service. Did you get a septic inspection? Repeat after me folks, get your home inspection. And if you have a well and septic, a well and septic inspection.  It is not included in the home warranty. Every issue we’ve had with the house so far, has not been covered, unfortunately. Did you or the seller purchase a home warranty? This sounds like something that might included in a home warranty, but if it is an issue the seller knew about, it might not be covered  Just to clarify on the home inspector thing. Home inspectors do not inspect septic systems, some may offer a test for an additional fee but it’s considered technically exhaustive and outside the realm of a typical home inspection to inspect the septic system.  If your home insurance has title insurance, it may cover this. Some title insurance covers improperly done and uninspected/unapproved modifications to the home. You will probably want to have someone check out the rest of the house so you can bring this and any other issues to your insurance at once. You will need a lawyer, as insurance companies are very difficult to work with on these type of issues.  No, I do not have any proof of the reoccurring issue, but I might be able to call local companies and see what history they have on my address? The home inspector didn’t inspect the septic system nor suggest that we do so.  Pull out your closing documents and look for the state seller's disclosure form and read it very carefully in terms of what the septic based questions were and how they were answered. You may want to consult with a real estate attorney. Do you have any documentation/proof of the reoccurring issues ( other than the neighbor ) ? Did your home inspector examine the septic system at all, or did they suggest you hire a septic expert to examine the system?