 I’m in Illinois. I have a strong feeling that some people on my HOA board are committing some kind of fraud. Whether if it’s just skimming off the top, embezzlement, kick backs, and even some kind of property fraud. I have some evidence about all of those things. I need to confirm the information somehow by making some calls. I have a burner phone already. Can I call these people, and say I’m a private investigator? If I do obtain any kind of info this way, would it be admissible in court? I tried googling this but the only questions I have come across is pretending to be a PI and having people pay for their services. I have no intention of doing that. I just want to get some information on things.  It is not likely that people will admit to committing crimes to a stranger on the phone. The best court of action if you believe there is embezzlement or kickbacks is to review the financial documents, and have an audit of the HOA finances done if there are any discrepancies. This would require support from the current treasurer or board, or for you or your neighbors to run for the board. For many larger associations an outside auditor reviews the finances yearly, or on a set frequency.  Transfers of property are not released to residents at all. I do think something is going on with the foreclosures as well. Is it customary for HOA’s to release the information on property transfers? Thanks for the advice! Perfect, lots of relevant information. Yes why was it a secret indeed...... do the other board members or even general members know of all housing transactions within the HOA? (Like are sales of homes emailed out to general members or the like) If so, then in how much detail? You might be able to press other board members for evidence about the sale/co-signing of the home. Be gentle in your questioning and most likely you should get your friend to do the questioning as he will just seem like a good board member in that sense. Have him keep a recording device on him when/if he does this and check to see if Chicago is a single or dual consent state for recording purposes. If it’s single then you can record anyone whenever, but if dual then you have to ask the person you wish to record for permission. At the end of the day your friend putting the things he hears into sworn statement can work too. If you get the brother to put something down in writing that he believes his sister was fraudulently induced to enter into the contract for the home that would be a good starting point and give the authorities probable cause. I understand the former treasurer/now president co-signing and retaining ownership of the home after the woman died that’s a pretty clean cut legal issue with zero to few holes and if the house has been resold legally then there is no case on the sale of the house itself if it’s legally transferred since the now president did not steal it from the deceased woman. You should focus on the original signing of the agreement and the contents of the contract. Have your friend focus on what happened after the death and up to the sale since he has an in already. Fraudulent inducement will be your keywords from here on out. Other than that sounds like you’ve done some good footwork already, but you’ve got more to do. Good luck 👍🏼🍀  I went to an FBI office and the agent said that we don’t have enough proof to start an investigation. Our board President basically has autonomy over the Association. He works 5 days a week in the office for free volunteering as the HOA manager. I saw that he co-signed on a property with an older lady and she died a year later. Just for context, he was treasurer at the time. After she died, he inherited the property. He listed it with the Association realtor, and the attorney who handled the closing was the current HOA President. He’s an employment attorney, not a real estate attorney. This lady bought the property for $111,000 and the Board member who co-signed with her sold it for $105,000. So he made $105,000 off this and invested nothing. My friend, who’s also on the Board had no idea of this. Why was it a secret? I figured it out by obtaining the deed and sale documents from the County recorder of deeds. I looked up her obit, it said she only has one living brother and has been battling cancer for a year and a half. She knew she was dying when she bought a place in the HOA. I have no idea how the treasurer (now President) knew this lady. I was thinking of calling people like her brother and asking for information. If he says she was scammed, then I have enough proof to start something. I’ve been doing this “investigation” with this other Board Member who is my friend, so I’m not just a paranoid resident coming up with conspiracy theories. The President has autonomy, and I was told that he is the only person with the password to QuickBooks and he has his own locked file cabinets that no one else has access to. What would impersonating a PI do for you? Do you know what I would do if I were embezzling money and someone called me and identified themselves as a PI? "Sorry, can't help ya." click It's not illegal to claim to be a PI, but understanding I'm not getting but a sliver of the story, I can't see what angle that plan's coming in at. Well if you call the homeowners association as a PI, even if you were licensed, do you think the members of the HOA would tell you of the fraudulent activities? This may sound weird, but you need to get the state, Feds (yes the IRS can be your friend sometimes), local government to audit their books. That’s the right way, but also the hard way or even harder if you feel like doing it yourself. If they’re bringing in revenue then they need to be keeping it on their books whatever or wherever that may be. If you’re paying into the HOA like a communal pool of money being used for neighborhood improvements and the like then you have a right to look at the books as part of the organization. They busted Al Capone for tax fraud so it’s proven viable as a means to an end.  I just have no idea on how to get this information. It’s like I have all of the prices to this big puzzle but I don’t know how to put them together. No one will take the case until I have some kind of concrete information. It may not be illegal to claim to be a PI, but you will (at best) collect data that is likely useless in court and at worst commit other illegal acts inadertantly. There is a reason PIs are licensed.