 Full story: Burner account for obvious reasons, I am also changing much of the terminology used in an effort to prevent this from being found by Google search. My ex: "Jackie" Following an on and off relationship with me, "Jackie" physically shoved the friend of another girl I had spoken to "Maddie" before I was with her. She also spat in "Maddie's" direction. Both of these incidents were reported to me by "Maddie" on the same evening. This was also the same evening both incidents occurred. As I was still romantically involved with "Jackie" I did not report the incident. Later on, about 7 weeks after breaking up with me and seeking no physical contact, "Jackie" came to my workplace, and confronted a different woman who I was acquainted with. She entered the woman's personal space. I have a message from "Jackie's" friend saying "I told her to leave so she wouldn't fight." I believe this is evidence of her capacity to commit acts of violence in order to manipulate me. Following a very confusing breakup with my ex-girlfriend. I was informed that a male acquaintance of hers had said regarding myself, "Fuck that n\gga"." I confronted the individual who stated this comment, who assured me that it was a joke. I then messaged her expressing my anger regarding the past year and a half of emotional manipulation, and abuse. She called me and began to state that our relationship had been mostly a farce, and that I should've walked away earlier. However during the relationship, I was told the opposite, and when I did agree to leave at several points peacefully, she would not accept an ending of the relationship. I began to text her again. Stating that I would inform her so called acquaintances of rude comments that she had stated to me without their knowledge. She threatened me with a report to the police of harassment. I insulted her appearance, and stated something along the lines of "karma will allow you to feel how you have made me feel" making sure to clarify that I meant "karma will bring a man to you that will do the same that you have done to me". She proceeded to message me. In this message she told me to not message her. She then proceeded to prevent me from further contacting using the "Block contact" feature. I replied once on another phone regarding the comment she had made before blocking me. She reached out to me again via a group chat with her mother in which she stated that she would be filing a police report. I messaged back saying something along the lines of "Do as you wish." She then sent me a screenshot of a Title IX report submission success message. Ancillaries: I also stated something along the lines of "if i were to come across you again in a public setting i would hurl due to my distaste with your character". I have no violent or drug related criminal history whatsoever. I had recently begun therapy after she berated me for approaching a woman romantically while were not together. I had informed my therapist of every incident involving herself and I. The only incident where I have shown a level of anger involving her in which I made physical actions, is one in which I threw the clothes in my closet on the ground following a conversation with her while she was in the room. My question regarding the situation is in the title of the post. If more information is needed please PM me. PMs are not permitted here. Removed.  You should go to the school or find a counsellor at the university to speak too. If you don't want to deal with courts. If you can afford a lawyer find a lawyer and seek legal counsel before you do say anything. It says right in the sidebar DO NOT SOLICIT PMS. You need to ignore her. Stop engaging her. You're making everything so much worse. Block her now, block all her friends, and don't talk about it. If you're contacted by the police or your schools title IX office, you retain an attorney ASAP. 