 Hello! I am in Florida. Macclenny, Baker county to be exact. I applied in December for EBT and Medicaid based on my pregnancy (now 9 months). I completed my interview for them, received my EBT card and Medicaid card. Since I am under 21/22 (one of the two) and living with my parents, I was asked for my parent's socials, birthdays, and their pay stubs. I submitted the pay stubs and a written note with their socials and birthdays via PDF on the website. I verified that it was the correct files. (On the website, it shows PERMANENT RECORD for the note with their info and INCOME VERIFICATION for the paystubs. Note, I only turned in my father's as my mother has not worked in over 2 years.) I submitted them prior to the 14 day deadline. My parents do not subsidize my lifestyle at all. I pay rent ($450 dollars) and don't eat their food. We also contribute to some of the other bills if needed. On the 16th, two days after the deadline, I was emailed a letter stating that \ NAME Reason: We did not receive all the information requested to determine (sic) eligibility. ( They gave me a law reference of R65A-4.220 ) My Medicaid is still good as far as I know. The rest of the letter only talks about Medicaid. Nothing else about my food assistance. I submitted everything that it said to, right? I'm not sure what I missed and I'm very worried about trying to figure out how to budget food into account. I plan on calling Tuesday since I doubt anyone will be in tomorrow as it is MLK day. Until then, I wanted some help in figuring out why I was rejected. Their income is roughly 3,000 a month (based off my father's salary of 48k, him having my mom and sister to care for.) Was their income counted with mine even though I don't live off of them? I looked at what the income maxs is and for Florida, a family of four must not make more $4,183 a month. Which he would fall into if they counted me in their household. A family of three would qualify if they made under $2,213-- he makes a bit over this. I'm not even sure if this why I was denied, I think I'm just panicking over this. Thank you for any help. You can appeal. You need to provide receipts for rent, groceries, etc. your parents need to show they are claiming the rent you pay on their taxes as income. The assumptions is that if you are under 24 and staying with parents, they are at least partly supporting you. If they are not claiming you as a dependent and you are paying rent that they are listing on their tax return, you may qualify for other assistance, but you have to prove it in writing. I did tell them.  When you filled out your application did you tell them that you and your parents prepare food separately? If not then they count everyone's income and that may disqualify you if you all combined make too much money for assistance.  Damn. That's awful. I live independently from them financially. Once I have my baby, would this help me in getting my assistance back since it'll then be a household of five? They probably based your initial acceptance on your income. Once you turned in paperwork with your parents income, yiu no longer qualified. Oh okay. We make less than 4k a month though, counting everyone. :( Now I'm just very confused on why I was accepted until I sent that in. Max income is not the only limit, that's the "don't bother at all if you are over this because no deductions will count" limit. It also sounds like they were expecting proof of your mom's income such as tax returns, but I cannot imagine that Florida gives out snap to a hh of 4 with 4k+ monthly income I did my interview over the phone. 🤷‍♀️ Are you sure? Did you not have a face to face interview to receive benefits? Contact your local County Department of Job and Family Services  Thank you for the info. That doesn't solve it though. :( We still make under the income max. I don't have a caseworker, though.  Parents income counts for SNAP until you are 22 You should talk with your case worker 