 So I am in charge of philanthropy for a non-profit organization. If I wanted to host an event through my organization to raise funds for a charity, would I be able to use some of those funds I raised to pay for the cost of hosting an event? For example, if I host a BBQ and charge everybody who comes $5 but the food cost $200 and I make $1,000 total off the event, am I able to use $200 of the $1,000 I raised in order to pay for the food? Also if there's anything I need to know regarding this please feel free to share, I'm new to the position and trying to figure out the ins and outs of it. This is also my first time posting on this sub so let me know if I did anything wrong/need to change anything. It depends. When a donation is made to a NFP the donor can do it with three degrees of restriction: 1. Unrestricted. These funds can be used for any purpose of the NFP. 2. Temporarily restricted. This means a donor wants the money spent on a specific activity or activities, and the funds can only be used for such. 3. Permanently restricted. These funds can't be spent. The NFP will generally earn income from such funds, and the income will either be unrestricted or temporarily restricted depending on if/what restrictions are placed by the donor. The donor imposed restriction is binding. In your case, putting on an event to generate donations for charity, donations fall under the same possible restrictions. To recover the costs incurred for putting on the event through the donations received from the event you need to ensure that the donations received are under the appropriate restriction, this means that donors either need to be giving to the NFP without restriction or directly notifying them that costs are being recouped. If you advertise the event as raising funds for a specific charity you should have a disclaimer of only Y% of each donation is going to the charity, or you should otherwise say that the first $Z are going to recoup the costs of the event.  You could look into getting a sponsor for the event. Sell marketing space. 