 Hey everyone, some ass hole guy who has a facebook ad managing company scammed me. Broke the contract and owes me like $150. Im piss off cause there is a strong chance he downloaded my audiences. I contacted Facebook to see if someone other than my IP address downloaded anything. How can i prove damages besides the amount promise on the contract? I was making sales without his help before he told me to turn off all ads and use his method. Can i post online about his scamming ways, take him to small cliams court and is there anything else? Edit: excuse my grammar errors.  sounds like u r trying to scam him instead Yes. Sue him for the $150. Download your audience? What does that even mean? Was there a decrease in revenue between the month that this guy had access and the month before? If so, you could argue that it could be due to stopping the ads you were doing so he could do his trial. If you get repeat customers often but haven't had as many since his trial you might be able to link that to him trying to steal them or him selling the customer contacts to another company that provides the services you do. It would be more difficult to monetize though. I was using my personal ad strategy and was getting sales. Than i hired him base off his successfully experience and gave him access to my ad account. He stated on a contract that he states he will refund 50% of the cost of his ads to try out. I feel like he download my audience (no proof but feels like it ) can i prove damages by him making me stop my ads, and giving him access that he could of done god knows what while having access for that 5 days of trial?  It sounds like you were making ad revenue and then ceased making the ad revenue, in addition to the $150 of the contract, correct? To show the damages suffered of not receiving ad revenue you should identify ad revenue you received before stopping ads. This could be done by taking your bank statements showing the deposits, or statements from whoever was paying you the ad revenue. It would be best to get support for as much ad revenue as possible and show how it was changing leading up to when you turned off ads (was it about equal every month, was it increasing every month and if so by how much, etc.). You can use that previous information to extrapolate about how much you lost out without ad revenue.