 Throwaway account and first time poster in /legaladvice. If there is a better place for this question, just let me know. I'm trying to figure out what I need to know and prepare before setting up a meeting to get a prenup. I am completely unfamiliar with the process, and I'm interested in advice and resources to educate myself. I expect most of the process will be fairly straightforward. There is one issue I'm concerned about: My fiancee has a substantial retirement fund established by her parents. She will also (presumably) end up with a fairly large inheritance. Comparably, she has very little money available in savings. I have significantly less money in my retirement account, and I am not expecting to inherit much money. However, I have enough money for a down payment on a house in savings. We plan to start looking for a house soon after we are married. Unless her family helps us with the cost of the house, I expect that we will deplete most of my savings to cover the down payment on the house. Since a house is something that will have both of our names on it, is there a way that I can protect that money in a prenup? It's not a lot compared with the money she is protecting, but it is a substantial percentage of my assets. I assume a lawyer is going to be able to help us with all of this, and I've already shared these concerns with my fiancee I just want to know if there is anything I should research or know before meeting with the lawyer.  Your fiancee wants you to sign a prenup? If so, you should probably have separate lawyers. It isn't uncommon for the other party who wants the prenup to pay for the other attorney. Her attorney will draft the document and then you will have another attorney look over the pre-nup, discuss it with you, and then either sign it or suggest changes.  You’re on the right track with your list of assets to be protected, but you both need a copy of the list to take to separate attorneys. The list should include the assets of all parties (not just yours for your attorney) so your attorney can advise you of your rights regarding your assets and your rights regarding your spouses assets and what becomes “marital property” and how to protect or structure assets from becoming marital property. Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to get this process completed well in advance of the wedding. You do not want to be signing prenups anywhere near your actual wedding day. Those agreements can be invalidated if one party claims they signed under duress due to the short timeline.  You should have a lawyer who represents your interests. She should have a lawyer who represents her interests. If an attorney represented both soon-to-be-spouses, it would be a potential conflict of interest. Imagine if the couple gets divorced in 5 years, and one of them thinks the attorney "played favorites" and made the prenup unfair. That could be a huge mess and it's not a position an attorney wants to be in. Attorney A will draft the contract and send it to Attorney B. Attorney B will add in anything they think is missing, and maybe edit existing language if they feel it is unfair. Then they'll send it back to A, who will do the same. This might only go through one cycle, or it might take 10 cycles, depending on how the negotiations go. Eventually (hopefully) everyone will agree on the final contract. I'm more confused now than when I started. I thought the process would start with us both visiting an attorney and laying out a list of our assets to be protected. Then, if we wanted to consult an additional attorney, we brought the document draft to make sure that both parties were protected. I'm clearly wrong about that. Does the prenup not actually define the specific property and money being protected? If it does, how does everything get on the list if only one party is present when it is drafted? I’m going to second the suggestion to have separate attorneys for this. You each need an attorney to protect your individual interests. It’s up to you to decide which attorney drafts and which reviews. The document will probably go back and forth at least once, maybe more, in order to have everyone’s interests addressed.  Thanks for the help! My fiancee had already mentioned using different lawyers for each of us (a suggestion she found online). I had assumed that would entail both of us meeting both lawyers. The way you are explaining it, it sounds like she gets a prenup with an attorney and then gives it to me to review (or the other way around). Is that typically how the process goes? I wouldn't mind a little clarification on your comment about non-spousal gifts. If her mom gives her a cash gift, what do we need to do to prevent that getting commingled with my finances? Is her bank account (where her paycheck goes) sufficiently separated from me? Florida lawyer here. First, r/askalawyer is a decent sub. Second, prenups, while completely customizable, are generally entered into in order to accomplish 4 things... 1. How we handle non Marital property in case of a divorce; 2. How we handle Marital property in a divorce; 3. How we handle gifts and inheritance in a divorce; and 4. What happens to our shit when we die. This is a generalized list of the primary uses of a prenup. Florida is a Marital property state, meaning, with a few exceptions, everything you and your wife obtain during marriage (debts and assets) are split 50/50 upon divorce. The exceptions are primarily non-spousal gifts to individual spouses and inheritances to individual spouses. As long as these are not commingled with your spouse, they can remain non-marital. Prenups try to either buttress these rules, or work around them, or plain old thwart them in order to protect a status quo, or big premarital assets) and the income generated thereby). The bottom line (for the purposes of this thread) is, go ahead and get a copy of their proposed prenup, take it to an attonery of your choosing, and go over it with them. If you're OK with it, then cool. If not, then it's time to start negotiating.  I’d advise having a second lawyer look over it since sometimes if it’s not done right it can cost you a lot!