 Hello! I was informed by my mother that my father is planning to throw my bother out of our family home over an argument they had earlier this week. My brother is currently away from the house visiting a friend and will return next week, which is when my father plans to throw him out. I am unaware if he knows of this or not and am waiting to hear from him. The house is in Pennsylvania, and both my parent's names are on the mortgage, which they are still paying. Both of my parents are in their 50's - 60's, with my mother having retired and my father planning to soon. Currently my brother (25) lives at home, and has since he finished school around 2014. He is currently employed in the area, but does not make enough to afford an apartment. The home is also his registered address. My mother who manages the finances of the home has stated my brother contributes financially to the house ( though he doesn't pay any form of rent ) in the way of buying groceries and contributing to bills when he can. He has no drug or alcohol issues, and has not been in any trouble legally. however my father has threatened to throw out family before, namely my mother several times when we were growing up. she told me he also threatened to throw her out now as well when she defended my brother. My mother does not want my brother thrown out. Admittedly when I researched this I found references to both eviction and ejectment though a lot of it went well over my head. A lot of the references I found said a claim or complaint would have to be filed with the Pennsylvania State Court and would proceed from there. My question is, what course of action can my brother and mother take / since both my parent's names are on the mortgage as joint owners? What rights does my brother technically have in this type of situation? I currently reside and work in another state and was no party to any of this, so i only have one side's story. My brother and father are both idiots who butt heads often, but I want to try to help resolve this as amicably as possible. Thank you for any advice you have I believe this is called an unlawful detainer, rather than an eviction or ejectment. But has a similar process. I think ejection is when a case has mostly been decided and you need a fast removal. Like in foreclosures for the owner. Eviction i believe is for rent-paying tenants. Unlawful Detainers i think are for people who no do not have the right to live there, but once had it... like a girlfriend or family member. Of course, this is just my guess, i could be mistaken. Get 2 jobs and move out. Then they have equal say. If Dad wants kid out but Mom says he can stay, that is a wash (he can't be made to leave/it isn't illegal). But he should probably look for a new place to stay because his home is about to become very uncomfortable...  As far as I am aware yes. They signed everything jointly when we first moved into the house Yes your brother is a tenant. The family relationship is irrelevant to that. they would have to follow the process to remove a tenant. if your mom is also on the deed and she gives her permission to stay then he could not be evicted. Are both parents on the deed as well?