 SIL applied for a job transporting railroad workers to and from job sites. First interview went well and she started the orientation process. During the first day, she was told to expect "teasing" by the workers. When she asked today for clarification on where the line was between teasing and harassment, they decided not to keep her employed because she was "too educated" and "didn't have thick enough skin." Something about that seems discriminatory, I just don't know what. Any thoughts? Not legal advice: Your decision to stay in school right now is yours and yours alone but I want you to know it is perfectly ok for you to take a term off of you feel you need to be with family to process both your grief and all of the paperwork and legal issues that are in your future. At your university, you have access to more that you may realize. If you choose to stay or need help deciding, please check in with any of these offices that make sense for you: - your academic advisor (Since you’re first year, you may not have a major advisor yet. Just your general advisor is fine. They can help if you want to withdraw from a single class or drop all of your classes for the term. They can communicate with your professors for you if you need them to do that.) - Financial Aid (Anytime there is a change in your home financial status, you should speak with financial aid. You may need to submit paperwork like a short explanation on paper or your father’s death certificate, but you likely will qualify for more aid in future years and right now. If you choose to stay or leave, you should see them.) - Your RA/Hall Director (I used to work for housing at a huge university and your RA should really know about what’s going on so they can help if you need it. Your Hall Director has a Master’s Degree in college student development and even if they aren’t formal counselors, most hall directors have had multiple counseling classes. They can help you pull together resources that you may not even know your school offered.) - Counseling Center (individual and group sessions are included in your fees so please take advantage of this option even if you feel you’re ok. There’s a lot of change going on for you and if you stay at school, you’re going to need support.) - Student Legal Services (Though they are typically there to advocate for you/the school on small matters like underage drinking, the office is full of lawyers. They can point you the right direction if you find yourself being the one searching for lawyers for your family. They may even have gone to law school or know people who would be able to help your family.) - the rec center (they may have spinning or kickboxing classes you can take to process some anger. Sometimes they’re included, other times there’s a fee. It never hurts to ask if you can get a few free sessions or a few waiver.) - wellness center (some schools have financial wellness included - your family will be making big changes money wise and they might be able to help you make a new family or personal budget. Even if they don’t have a financial wellness section, the wellness center is somewhere you want to connect.) - depending on the size of your school, it might make sense to see if you can get help with transportation to and from home. Perhaps study abroad can hook you up with the travel planners they use to get discount airfare. Or maybe there’s a small airfield and aviation classes being taught on campus. Perhaps students getting their flight hours with an instructor could fly you home. These are a stretch of course but sometimes all it takes is asking for help you know? Please take care of yourself. Im so sorry for your loss.  Sounds like SIL dodged a bullet. Good luck to her in the job search.  [removed] Doesn’t that also put them at fault because they’re letting the workplace be toxic and just rely on people being able to handle it? Sounds to me like she dodged a bullet. I would chalk that up as a "close call, thank God they didn't actually hire me" and move on.  Funny how 'living their lives and working in peace' involves sexually harassing other people who don't get to live in peace. Funny how their rights are important, including their rights to assault other people, but the victims, their rights are not important. This "good old boys club" mentality where abuse is allowed and celebrated is exactly how guys like Harvey Weinstein and R Kelly get away with lifetimes of rape and abuse.  It sounds like it has everything to do with sexism, but you're re-classifying the sexism as just poor, put-upon workers who aren't "PC." Horseshit. They can control their behavior. They choose not to. If they were engaging in behavior that negatively affected some high-ranking male executive, I'm sure they'd learn to control themselves real damn quick or else.  That may be true, but they also have to learn to live within the rules of modern society, including laws against illegal discrimination and harassment. I'm not saying that's the case here, but ENOUGH of the "boys will be boys" mentality. When that's illegal harassment, that's got to go. I feel like this is a situation where it’s all men working. Not the most educated men. And not easy to keep good workers because it’s not a fun job. Then expecting said workers to be PC? They’d lose their crew. Maybe try a different field. I’ve worked in many male dominated environments. As a general rule no one has ever messed with me. But I also am not easily offended. I feel like when you treat people as bad they act bad. If you treat them with respect they do the same. I’m sorry but I just don’t think your wife is a good match and I also don’t think it has anything to do with sexism. These people just want to live their lives and work in peace.  This is legal. In a variety of environment you're likely to come across employers testing potential employees by asking questions that are legal but give similar results to less legal questions. They are essentially asking if she is comfortable to continually be verbally harassed, and she says no. They have no obligation to hire her. Right - I should clarify that I don't feel she's been harassed and neither does she. The fact that she was let go from a job because she asked questions after they basically warned her she'd be subject to harassment in sure feels like a discriminatory hiring practice. I don't think OP is suggesting she was harassed. OP is suggesting that she was discriminated against since she's female and didn't want to put up with off color joking, perhaps even sex jokes, etc. That's kind of my feeling. Maybe worth it, maybe not, but it certainly feels fishy. It could be discrimination. She can call a couple or three employment lawyers and see if they'll take her case on contingency. If yes, great. If no, then it's probably not worth it. If she wasn’t yet subject to harassment I doubt there’s any protections...she can call around to a couple employment attorneys to verify, but if none take the case on contingency there isn’t likely a successful claim. I posed it that way because harassment can come in many different ways, but it doesn’t necessarily matter what bar the employer decides to arbitrarily set. If she feels sexually harassed, she is welcome to report it either internally or externally to the appropriate group/authority. http://erd.dli.mt.gov/human-rights/faq In so many words, this doesn’t seem to extend any legal protections to those worried about what might constitute harassment, only to those who suffer adverse action and report it.  She didn't feel harassed but rather that them warning her about sexual jokes/teasing was worth asking more about. When she did, they decided she wasn't worth the hassle. I imagine they wouldn't have said anything in the first place to a male employee. Private. If she feels like she was harassed, she should file a complaint with the Montana Human Rights Bureau.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either an incorrect statement or conclusion of law, inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an unlawful act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Was the employer with whom she sought a position a government or private entity? Get with it, or get the fuck out.  It is discrimination. But it's not illegal discrimination. You can be fired for not fitting in including not having thick skin. 