 i started my 4th year in college in virginia and i met one irl and she was psychotic. i was ino her then i lost interest. she then tried getting me to fuck her behind her boyfriends back. but i told the boyfriend and she went crazy and spread lies about me sexually assaulting her. then when she starrted making up lies about me, i got tired of it. then i told her that i will sue her and try my best to take everything she and her family owns if she doesnt leave me alone. and that bluff worked. but now she wont leave me alone. can i actually sue her for defamation and harassment? tldr: tried to hook up with a chick, got bored after i found out she was crazy, and she wont leave me alone. So just harassment then, given what you’ve stated I would suggest a restraining order, based on your post alone, taking her to court for harassment would prove difficult under Virginia law unless you give us specifics  Falsely accusing somebody of sexual harassment/assault is illegal and can lead to jail time. When considering a lawsuit for defamation consider what monetary losses you’ve suffered. Did you lose your job, will people not hire you? If you’ve suffered no monetary losses and want the harassment to stop you’re better off filing for a restraining order. Save text messages, voicemails, have witnesses willing to testify that you’re being harassed by this person. You’re in your last year of college. What are the odds that you’ll associate yourself with this person after you leave school? But if you feel like your in actual danger, start with a restraining order.  yes, my situation is im dealing with harassment and i am getting tired of it. but i want to know what i can do legally so i dont punch myself in the face and crew up. Defamation involves actual publication of the slander or libel (so either or on some sort of auditory or written publication). That publication would have had to negligently published the lies. Spreading lies about someone by word of mouth doesn’t really give you grounds for a defamation suit. Also, sometimes, not always, you need to prove damages. All this evidence would need to come from you. Is this your situation?