 Okay so this may be long winded: Woke up to a voicemail from the sheriff’s office. They left a number to call back. Tried to call it, but the line wasn’t working. It just said “if you want an attorney try another option” So I looked up the sheriff’s office, called and asked for the officer who left me the message. A secretary connected me to the officer and he asked me a series of questions that made no sense to me. He asked me if I knew a girl, who’s name I won’t say, but I didn’t recognize the name at all, honestly. They asked if I dated her in the last two months. I said no. They asked if I was dating anyone, I said yes. Then they asked me for the phone number and name of the girl I’m dating and I was so scared that I gave it to them. This is my biggest regret. Then they asked if I went to a certain high school and I said absolutely not, I went to high school across the country. This seemed to confuse him. He asked about my address, my car color, my driver’s license number, and my college. I gave him all of that information and he seemed more confused with every answer. I tried repeatedly to ask him what this was pertaining to but he would just say “(the girl’s name) was involved in a crime and she had your number” they also said that she had my first name listed with the number and it was the correct name. After all of this I asked him if he was going to call the girl I was dating and he laughed and said no he wouldn’t. But then why did he want her number?! Now I’m nervous because all of this could be a scam to get my info, but I called the sheriff’s number off of their website! So it can be right?! What is happening. Help. I don’t want to be in a Netflix murder documentary.  Or she was killed as a sacrifice and had OP’s name and number carved into her chest and stomach  Or she wrote OP's name and number in her own blood on the wall above her corpse. The police are basically idiots. You have to take their hand and lead them step by step if you’re going to get any justice. It’s bullshit but it’s the way it is. Do you have an attorney? Since you actually called the sheriffs office because you looked it up I doubt it was a scam or anything you need to worry about. He probably asking to see if you would be anyone worth pursuing for further information and it does not sound like it.  But why ask, when their info might be useless?  I never said OP has to talk to them after they tell him what they’re investigating.  Again, the cops can just lie.  If you're really concerned, just go to the police station to confirm that you were talking to an actual officer! Something similar happened to me when I was like twelve and on my uncles phone plan (I live in ny but he lives in la) and I said no I dont know what you're talking about I'm twelve and I live in NY lmao You can ALWAYS trust law enforcement, we are your friend “I have no idea what this is about. Please tell me.” It’s not rocket science.  No. Do not insist you want to know more. A) he can lie to you B) it can be construed to look suspicious C) no untrained person can ask for more without admitting something—or seeming to. No trained person can either; the training just tells you to shut up and say you’ll only talk with a lawyer present.  Lol calm down dude. Sounds like they already have the person and now they're just going through her contacts to get more info on her and see if there's any one else involved. You dont neex to worry if it were not you This is what I was thinking. They know people can be... not super bright sometimes. Just watch a few episodes of COPS. Tricks like that work way more often than one might think. I think he was just asking for your girlfriend's number to see if it was the same number as the person they are investigating. Turns out it's not, so there is no need for him to call her. A good detective will try to verify the answers you gave him independently (like, check with the DMV) without bothering you or your girlfriend. He probably wanted the number of your girlfriend to see if it matched up with the girl he was investigating, because people (especially criminals) can go by multiple names sometimes. The line of questioning sounds really reassuring to me, IMHO, he was only looking into your possible connection with this girl-with-possibly-false-name-that-they-caught, nothing more. He doesn't plan to call your girlfriend because he already knows it's not the number of the girl he caught. However, it's still a good idea not to talk to the police any further. Just in case, get as much paper proof of your identity and of everything you told the detective (like high school transcript, pictures of you and your girlfriend) as you can, and keep three copies of this: on yourself, in the cloud, and with a trusted person (girlfriend or parent). Memorize the phone number of your trusted person. If you have enough money/income not to qualify for a public defender, look up the names and numbers of criminal lawyers and store those numbers with all your other proof as well. If you are arrested, tell the police that you don't want to talk and that you want a lawyer. If you can't afford a lawyer, wait till you see the judge and ask for a public defender. Tell your lawyer or public defender that this is a case of mistaken identity and that you want a \speedy\ trial. Public defenders usually get their clients to waive their right to a speedy trial (it allows for more time to prepare a good defense) and they don't always explain this properly in a way that the client understands what he is waiving. I think the chance that this is necessary is extremely small. But as long as it doesn't cost money, it can't hurt to defend yourself.  I dont think this has reached that stage quite yet. If they ask him to come to the station, or show up at his door to ask questions, then sure, shut it down until you can find a lawyer. But not every interaction with police needs a lawyer to mediate.  The police are basically idiots. You have to take their hand and lead them step by step if you’re going to get any justice. It’s bullshit but it’s the way it is. Do you have an attorney? You can DM me if you want further help.   “(the girl’s name) was involved in a crime and she had your number” Is your number relatively new? It may be that the person who owned your number before you is the one they want to talk to. Or she died and had the name + number on her  Talk with lawyers in person. Nothing you tell the police about yourself can help you, it can only hurt you. Your answers that unknowingly incriminate you will be used against you, answers that clear you are hearsay and can't be used. Watch the YouTube video "Never talk to the police" They probably wanted your girlfriend’s number to see if it was the same number as the girl involved in the crime. They don’t need to call your girlfriend because the number you gave isn’t the same as the criminal. They have to run down a lot of dead ends during an investigation. This is probably one of them. I had an officer come by my work when I was in college because my license plate number was reported on a car involved in a robbery. He just strolled out and looked at the car, verified it didn't match that car and that the plates were on, and we were done.  If the police are looking for you they don’t call. They show up at your door or work. You can certainly be concerned about the call since it was from the police and had your name on it. But it doesn't sound like you're in trouble here. Italics are because we don't and can't know for sure. If police ask you to come down to the station to answer a few questions, I'd decline. I'd decline to answer anything else. Agreed, but it’s generaly not wise to make these decisions yourself without consulting an attorney, especially if you’re making them on the fly during a phone call. Things you tell the police are much more likely to hurt you than help you. If the officer won’t even offer a clear explanation for why he needs the info, you’re playing with fire by improvising on the fly like that. While of course generally this is true, I wouldn't think it would be an issue to give the police publicly available information like your name address and college. I mean anything I can get with a quick google is going to be difficult to build a criminal case with.  Talking to the police when you don't know why they are calling you is not wise. They can subpoena you if your testimony is really that important. Doesn’t sound like you are a suspect to me, sounds like he’s just trying to piece together information  If an officer was “investigating” you as a suspect for a crime their first contact with you would most likely not be done over the phone. If you’re worried that you’re being investigated you’re probably fine.  I mean, yeah, he’s calling you for a reason. If he contacts you again, just insist you want to know more about what’s going on. You can always respectfully decline to answer any further questions, too.  Those italics are freaking me out! I know I didn’t commit a crime, but I don’t want him to bring me in! I’m clearly too dumb to protect myself..  I wouldn’t worry too much. If it was serious and you were a suspect of something, he’d want to speak in person.  Thank you. This is a good call.  As far as legal advice goes, you don’t have to answer any questions you don’t want to, and you won’t get in trouble for not answering questions. It sounds to me like the sheriff is just investigating a crime. If some stranger has your name and number, the most you need to do is check your credit score and make sure your identity isn’t compromised. Maybe change some passwords, or at least monitor your accounts closely. Freeze your credit if you have any reason to be concerned. It's not a scam. Someone had your number for some reason, got picked up for a crime, and they're looking for her associates/accomplices. I wouldn't worry about it if I were you.