 Hello Everyone, I know this is kind of an odd question to ask on Legal Advice but thought id ask it here cause I've seen similar questions, and my parents suggested I post it here since they know I browse Reddit. I Live in Florida. So over the past few years, there has been a kid at my school, let's nickname him T. T has been constantly harassing me over things like mainly, my families religious choices. This has been going on since I came to this school and the school has done basically nothing but having me fill out reports and then giving the kid a warning. My Parents were finally able to convince the Guidance Office to escalate this to Administrations, and now stuff is actually being done to counteract this. The first plan the Guidance Office is putting into action is a No Contact Agreement. This is basically an agreement between the two students saying that he won't talk to me, and I won't talk to him. The Problem is, this report states that BOTH students have numerous times broken the Student Code of Conduct, and have been punished for it, with nothing changing after being punished. The thing is, I have never done anything back to him, I've just taken the abuse each time and reported it a couple days later. So, the question me and my parents wanted to ask is: Would this be something that would end up being put on my record? Like as in my legal or criminal record. Also, this agreement literally states "If one student is contacted by the other and reports it, the other student will be immediately punished no questions asked, with a 2-Day OSS first time and afterwards 5-Day OSS and a recommendation of Expulsion to the Principal." Thanks Sounds like my old school. "Bullying? What bullying? No there's no bullying here, just disagreements" Send no transmissions of any kind. I see what you’re saying and having a lawyer look over something you’re signing is never a bad idea, but there’s no legal weight to this document and they SHOULDN’T even show it to the other student. From the perspective of a teacher - we’re told all the time to have students sign this kind of thing to “take responsibility for their behavior” all the time. When I was teaching it was a big thing to have students give input on classroom rules at the beginning of the year then sign a “contract” agreeing to them to “take ownership.” I think the school just wants to have the student “take ownership” of an agreement to stay away from the other student. But they’re out of line to want him to sign something saying he’s been breaking rules. I mean, he doesn’t have to sign or provide anything to the administration. Just from my perspective, and my experience in the school system, politely telling the administrators that the thing they want him to sign in false, and providing an alternative that shows a willingness to play ball but that makes clear that he won’t be pushed into signing the school’s bullshit, will probably placate them. And I would tell them “I don’t want to get into a back and forth about this situation, I just want the other student to cease contact with me immediately, PERIOD.” Yeah, my parents came in to make sure they shredded it  Did they destroy it? I'd make sure to ask a lawyer to write that up. I'm not remotely even close to one, but it seems to me that your suggestion would make it super easy to get distracted from the issue of bullying and become a big argument about wording. For example, But the other student could start arguing that once you gave him a dirty look, or didn't do something small or made a negative comment to someone in privacy, anything like that. You don't want something where attention is focused on this kind of thing - you'll end up defending yourself and your conduct, instead of it being about his bullying. If a lawyer says 'nah, it's okay as it,' then that's awesome. Again, I'm not one. But I figured I should mention this as a possible result. And I'm not saying that you shouldn't bring your own document in either - but make sure that if you do, it's going to be one approved by someone who knows what they are talking about so you don't cause yourself more problems down the line. Don't get within 50 feet of the contract with a pen. The school is covering for themselves. Tell them that you don't want to sign anything without legal counsel, and stick to it.  Do NOT sign the contract. It will only have negative consequences for you. Ask your parents to hire a lawyer. Almost this exact thing happened to me. A girl had a grudge against me and was sexually harassing and spreading rumors about me. I went to the counselor multiple times and it just resulted in them making us both sign forms claiming cease harassment against each other (it was very one sided, I just wanted to be left alone). I was pressured into signing it but later requested to destory the document. Good luck IANAL, but I’m a former teacher. I wouldn’t sign it. It doesn’t go on your criminal record or anything, and as someone said above, the school can really assign the punishments anyway they don’t need a contract. It will probably go in your student file and could possibly be seen by any colleges you might apply to. The bigger problem is, why would you sign something that says you’ve broken the Code of Conduct numerous times when you haven’t? It’s a false statement. I’d tell the administrators, clearly but politely, that their document has false claims about you and you absolutely will not sign it. Maybe type up and sign your own document that says something to the effect of “I, Name, have never sought contact with fellow student, Name. The harassment I have experienced from Name has been totally unprovoked and I have not retaliated. Going forward, I pledge to continue avoiding contact with Name and also expect School District to provide a safe learning environment free from further harassment from Name.” Give that to the school and tell them they can have the other student sign their own document, but you won’t be signing any false statements. If they press you to sign it, ask if they plan to continue to allow your fellow student to harass and bully you because you won’t sign a statement falsely claiming that you have repeatedly broken the code of conduct, and that if that is the case you will be in touch with a lawyer. Are you in a public or a private school?  "BOTH students have numerous times broken the Student Code of Conduct." You sign it and it will be an admission of guilt rather then that you received the contract and agreed to not contact the other student. Don't sign shit. They're going to say this is their policy either way if shit hits the fan. It’s a trick, send no reply I only got it yesterday so my mom is going to bring up her concerns and what all you guys on here have said. Here is the great thing about this situation. They can't make you sign it, and as long as it's as you say and you haven't done anything they can't punish you for not signing it. There really is no positive reason for you to sign it.  Sounds like it. They're probably hoping to point to this document and go "oh, he wasn't really bullied, they did this to eachother all the time". Legal ramifications aside, the phrase "no questions asks" immediately bothers me. So if T falsely reports that you contacted him, they could theoretically give you the punishment and then point to this agreement. Have you brought up your concerns over this document with the Guidance Office? Sign nothing and contact a local legal aid service. They want your signature so they can cover their asses when their lack of action comes to a head.  Yup They’re having you sign an agreement that elucidates actions they could take regardless of whether you sign it or not. It won’t end up on any kind of record that exist outside the school.