 Hey everyone, thanks for taking the time to read and answer. Age - 16 I'm currently residing in British Columbia. Parents are both neglectful and abusive (ignoring basic needs such as food, medical attention, etc, and yells, screams, belittles, humiliates and sometimes hits, slaps, out of anger). One parent has a severe substance abuse issue, formally addicted to cocaine and currently hooked on weed/alcohol. If they don't have their fix they get aggressive. They take money for their addiction, and when they don't have their fix they hit or verbally abuse. The other parent is primarily neglectful and emotionally abusive and doesn't currently have a substance abuse issue (used to). Are parents in British Columbia allowed to use the police to retrieve a child who has moved elsewhere, such as in with a relative or significant other and is 16 years old? If they do manage a retrieval, it would result in an extreme step in abuse. Keeping MCFD out of it would be preferred but not a mandatory thing. TL:DR - Abusive home, want to leave, 16 years old, not sure if it's possible. Thanks everyone.  Calling MCFD might be in your best interest. When its in a mature teen's best interest not to go home, they do have other options such as providing you with financial support so you can live independently.  Appreciate the response, I'll definitely take a look at the link. Thank you.  Appreciate the response, this sheds some light on some other things I wasn't aware of. Thank you. The age of majority is technically age 19 in BC which means you are not technically supposed to leave home without parental permission before age 19 and your parents are also generally responsible for you (financially) until you reach age 19. If you believe your parents are being neglectful or abusive then you can call BC's Child Protective Services (CPS) hotline for help up until you turn age 19. As I understand it, the police generally don't get involved when a mature teenager (like 16+) leaves home voluntarily in BC, but that may not stop your parents from trying to get the police involved anyway. Something else to be aware of is that with respect to living with your 'significant other', although the age of consent for sexual activity is usually 16 in Canada, there are instances where it is bumped up to 18. That includes cases where a minor is dependent on their sexual partner for life essentials like food, shelter, etc. In other words, your partner could (hypothetically) be accused of sexually exploiting you if they are engaging in a sexual relationship with you while you are dependent on them for money, a place to live, etc. So legally you cannot leave home until you are nineteen, however the law society page on this pretty strongly implies that accommodation is made for older teenagers under nineteen who have left home against the wishes of their parents: I would be surprised if the police forcibly return you home if you seem to be safe, particularly if your parents seem like they have issues. If you are living with an adult relative it is even less likely the police will do anything. It would help your case to make a report to the police about the violent abuse so there will be a record of that if your parents ask the police to come get you.