 I had a four year old, luxury car. For reasons unrelated to this situation, I decided to have my oil changed at my old, trusted mechanic’s shop instead of the dealer. Prior to taking my new (used) Audi to him, I confirmed that he knew how to service them. “Sure, bring it in!” he says. I ask for an oil change and then requested that he top off any fluids and let me know if anything else needs service. All new brakes apparently, which is earlier than expected but consistent with consumer reports complaints. I say go ahead. He takes all day to do them and it’s not ready by the time they’re usually closing - no problem. We waited about an hour or two after the original quoted time, nbd. They wrap up the work and don’t take the car for a test drive. Not too worried yet, but my bf thought that was weird. I pay my $1800 by credit card and head out on my way. I start driving home, and my car is driving super weird. Bumpy, grindy, not smooth and zippy as usual. I’m driving extra slow, thinking something is wrong. Maybe about a mile away, I convince my boyfriend to park his car where he can find a spot and hop in mine. We drive around the block. He agrees, something is definitely wrong. We call the mechanic back. Mechanic says it’s probably just a layer of carbon dust on the new brakes. I’m thinking this is unlikely, and then start to notice smoke coming from under the hood. I’m telling him there’s smoke and he sounds confused. Next thing I know the whole thing is up in flames, and the fire department is putting it out. My boyfriend and I were lucky to realize what was happening before it was fully engulfed. People have their phones out, videotaping my shiny new car burning down. Quite the spectacle. The mechanic comes and looks at the car on the scene. He says it’s a short in the battery - it’s an Audi problem, not him. My insurance hires a fire cause investigator. He apparently confirms that it was caused by the mechanic. The Audi dealership (not the one I was originally avoiding) looked at it and felt that the brakes had been done in a way that caused the brake fluid to overflow the master cylinder and dump out over the exhaust manifold. They show me the burn marks where fluid overflowed from the master cylinder. The battery is also in the back of the vehicle, so the explanation the mechanic gave was not possible. The mechanic’s insurance of course says it’s not their fault. This means I had to pay my deductible too. I lost money on the car, but the insurance compensated me fairly. I haven’t seen the fire investigation report yet, but I have requested it. There’s some conflicting reports about what it says - the mechanic and the mechanic’s insurance says that it does not find them at fault. My insurance company says it did. I requested a copy of the report myself, but I have yet to see it. Apparently it’s not finalized, or they have to send it - I’m not sure why it hasn’t made its way to me yet. However, my car insurance think it’s worth their time to sue their insurance to recuperate the total loss they had to pay out. Meanwhile, I dispute my $1800 payment through my credit card and explain the situation. They agree I should not have to pay for the work they did that caused damage to my car. The credit card company explains that the mechanic will have an opportunity to dispute. Apparently they missed the window. Now they’re contacting me directly for payment, and I explain to them I need to see the report. I have since requested it, and the mechanic has contacted me several times. I tell them that I have been told they were responsible for the total loss of my vehicle and I will not be paying them. I encourage them to take their issue up directly with the credit card company. Now I guess they’re threatening to sue me. I told them if they contact me again, I will be turning them over to my attorney. Do I wait for them to sue me, or do I secure an attorney now? I have no idea how this works. I do have photos of the incident and aftermath. I plan to post them to their yelp if this gets ugly. I would prefer to drop it, but they’re apparently feeling that I owe them. I didn’t even make it home from the shop?! TLDR: Bad brake job apparently caused fire. Mechanic missed credit card dispute window and wants me to pay them. What now? What could have happened is that during the caliper piston retraction is that if you retract the piston too fast, break fluid can squirt out of the master cylinder and all over the engine. Don’t speak with the mechanic or his insurance people. Refer all calls from them to your insurance company. A reputable insurance company will have attorneys to deal with that sort of thing.  Especially since break pads are simple to replace and cost like what, $50? I had an Audi and unless this was an A8, S, or RS model then $1,800 is pretty high just for brakes and fluid change. If it was one of those models then they were even more at fault for not bringing it to a certified dealer.  Call your insurance and file a claim with them. They'll go after the mechanic.  Depending on the Audi, $1800 isn't astronomical.  Why would you pay $1,800 for brakes and fluid change? Even on an Audi? Next time, especially when dealing with a luxury vehicle just take it to the dealer. They are A) given manufacturer training B) commercially insured C) when issues arise you have the opportunity to pursue restitution with the brand manufacturer if the dealer puts up resistance and I can assure you while the cost of a vehicle isn’t chump change they can swallow the pill much easier then a independent mechanic.  Now the mechanic decides if he cares to sue you for the fee or not. If he sues you he likely prevails unless you prove his actions caused the damage to your car. 