 My wife recently started bartending in California. She and I have a combined 16 years experience in the industry. During a very busy shift my wife did very well bringing in around 400$. Once her shift was over, the owner(or GM, we aren't too sure what her actual title and role are) informed her that she would be taking 25% of her total tips for herself because she helped. My wife didn't need, nor asked for any help and made do just fine when not being helped. My questions are: does an owner or other non-hourly employee have any claim to tips from hourly employees? Given the other shady practices that go on at this establishment, what recourse would my wife have to stop this in the future or address this now? Thank you! Ah, in my state i think its different, but kuddos. Except there is a law that says the tip belongs to who it was given Labor Code Section 351 provides that "every gratuity is hereby declared to be the sole property of the employee or employees to whom it was paid, given, or left for".  I have a feeling that, at least in my state, this would likely be legal. (especially if someone really helped her) Take Bus-boys/girls.... They help clean the table and get water, they don't get tipped often directly, they usually get a cut of the tips of all the waitstaff. In general, the labor board seems focused on making sure that workers at least get minimum wage, if you have a direct written agreement for employment that includes tips then they may enforce then, so may a court, but without an employment contract i feel a feeling that in my state you have no claim to fame. What can you sue for, really? The tips were given to your wife, but she is at work, it may be viewed as the employer's money... In many cases, employers can usually dictate any terms they please in an employment at will state, without a written agreement, all you have is a verbal agreement at best, and any implied contractual assumptions at worst. So i see it going like this.. Wife: "My wages were stolen" Employers "We never promised her a set amount of tips, we just make sure she gets minimum wage, our policy is to share tips between specific workers for that shift." Your Wife: "But i don't need help" Employers: "We think she does, it is our choice, and we choose to give her help" Wife: "But the tips were given to me by the customers, it was a personal gift" Employer: "That's not allowed, you are fired, no gifts allowed, and since it was a gift it is not a wage and not subject to a wage claim, sue us in court at your own expense" (Lawsuit procedes... who knows... maybe they give the money back as a personal gift that was taken, but she stays fired") Wife: Tips go to the person they are given to. Employer: No law says that, we never agreed to that, that is not our policy. So... unless there is a law saying she has to get all tips handed to her by customers, i bet they will claim she was never entitled to tips at all, if anything she can have it proportioned away based on however many people her employer wishes to help her at their discretion. (This is my opinion on the matter.)  No. She can make a DLSE complaint.