 I am currently in a situation in which someone is trying to file a restraining order on me on behalf of their friend. The friend herself does not want it to be filed. Is this legal? I've been accused of being responsible for someone's suicide and their friends want to file a restraining order. However I have been deliberately staying away from this particular group of people, including the one who attempted. I'm nervous that the order will be filed, I have no idea what to do in that case, especially since I'm a minor. Familiar with the laws in Texas here. It can depend on the ages of those involved and the reason(s) it’s being filed. Can you elaborate? So assuming you are the one they are trying to get the restraining order on. If they call the police, the police will ask them what you did. Then their first stop will be to talk to the potential victim. If the potential victim doesn't want to press charges or seek any action against you, then it'll probably stop right there. If the police call you or ask you to come down to the station, you are under no obligation to call them back or go, and you shouldn't do so. You should NOT talk to the police. You should not try to convince them of anything, you shouldn't talk to them. If pressed, you should say, "I'm not answering any questions." Police can lie to you and say they'll go easier on you, that they will arrest you (when they won't), that they won't arrest you (when they will anyway). If arrested, say, "I'm not answering any questions without a lawyer". Repeat as often as needed, until the police go away or you're arrested and you're talking with a lawyer.  I'm actually not sure. I was just notified of the situation a few hours ago from a completely different person. A guardian can file a restraining order on behalf of a minor. Otherwise, all the person can do is report any abusive or dangerous conduct directly to the police.  What do you mean by "trying"? Do you mean they are "talking shit"? Because that's all they'll be able to do. In some cases it is legal, particularly when minors are involved. To be safe, ask the friend to call the court and explain that she does not want a restraining order filed. Then their parents could, in theory, file a restraining order on their behalf. Some other friend of theirs could not. They are under the age of majority, as am I and the person who wants to file. Is the friend under the age of majority for your location, or have they been found by a court to be mentally incompetent by a court? Of course not.