 Alright, here goes: My mother is a bipolar crack head who is also a veteran. She gave an uninsured car to my brother to drive around. He has no license. He has been driving it for about a ~1.5 months. He even took her to a Virginia VA about a week ago. She was in their program before, but they rejected her because she had been there before and left. She got a bus ticket home. Last Saturday my 16 year old sister moved in with my brother (he lives with my cousin and aunt). She left due to family issues (ridiculously strict grandparents). My mother found out and got COMPLETELY pissed off. She went and took out a warrant on my brother today for a stolen car. She said that she would only take the warrant off if the car was left in my grandparents (my) yard with the keys in it and my sister moves back in (my mom thinks that there is some mega incest and drug stuff going on, yuck). Anyways, I know that my brother has been driving illegally, but does that matter now, surely he can't be arrested based on that? Since he even took her to the VA then I'm sure that's proof enough that he didn't steal it? What can he do? He will get fired from his job if arrested, and he will be royally fucked in that case. I told him to get a restraining order on the nut if he can. What should he do? Will calling the courthouse do anything to help his case? This is the only place I know where to ask this stuff. We are poor and can't afford a lawyer. (I am 18 and he is 21 if that matters. I am a highschool senior) She is welcome to come get the car. I cannot recommend you do anything else with it other than speak to a lawyer at this point. Call a few law offices near you and see if they'll give a free consultation and go from there. Good luck. You need to call an attorney to determine that. It’s not your car or his. You don’t need to be concerned with how she uses it. I don’t think you should do anything with that vehicle until you have spoken with an attorney.  I'm assuming that the car can be returned asap? I was hoping that it could be impounded or something so she doesn't let drug dealers drive it in exchange for drugs, but what would the best option be from here? A criminal summons is similar to a “ticket” with a mandatory appearance. It’s just a document that says you have been charged with a crime and that you must appear before a judge at a specific date and time. It is highly unlikely that he would be arrested when served. I think the court date is required to be within 30 days of the date of issuance. He can’t miss this. If he doesn’t show up he will have a warrant issued for his arrest. He should call the magistrate and find out the date of his appearance and ask how he will be served. This way he can make arrangements to be off of work for that day.  What if my mother misses the court date? Will it be thrown out? Also, what should be done about the car? Could we just talk a tow company to come get it? Or call the car dealership and have them possibly send a tow truck out to impound it? What is a criminal summons? Will he get arrested when given it? What does it entail? A summons means you have to appear in court on the date provided on the summons. It is not optional. If your brother has received a summons, at this point I would suggest he consult with a lawyer for next steps. If it is just a criminal summons, then your brother must be served. Most likely the sheriffs department will contact your brother and serve him with the summons. Call the court house and ask about legal aid services. You said you were poor, so I would imagine there is some free legal assistance you would qualify for. You can also call the UNC School of Law, Campbell Law School, NCCU Law School and see if they have free assistance in your location. At this point, your brother needs a lawyer. He also needs to stop talking to your mother. Period. All communication needs to stop. Continuing to have a relationship with her, even if she withdraws the summons, it’s highly likely she will continue to try and use criminal proceedings as a threat to your brother. You should also consider cutting her out as well.  I just called. The lady that answer said that it was a criminal summons and that she couldn't provide more information (I asked her what the process of a criminal summons was and whether or not a person would be arrested on the spot, she got a bit ancy). What should I do from here? I just called. The lady that answer said that it was a criminal summons and that she couldn't provide more information (I asked her what the process of a criminal summons was and whether or not a person would be arrested on the spot, she got a bit ancy). What should I do from here?  She is lying, it is just a threat. Your mother cannot 'get a warrant' as other have explained. If she reported the issue to the police, or magistrate, it's possible they could then issue a warrant for his arrest, but that would probably require substantial proof. If you are concerned about a warrant having been issued for your brother, the website for your county's sheriff's office should have a list of warrants issued. You should be able to search by name. It may take a few days for it to appear after being reported, but you can check daily for a couple weeks to keep an eye on it. Sadly not. Their business hours are 8am-5pm, and the 24 hour magistrate number is apparently out of service. You may be able to phone the magistrate tonight. Most places there is one on duty.  I 100% agree with you. I'll update you ASAP after I call the magistrate. Thanks for the advice, it at least calmed me down a bit. Just because she says he has a warrant doesn’t mean anything. There are legal standards that must be met before a warrant can be issued. The magistrate must have probable cause to believe your brother has commit the crime. Your mothers statements alone do not necessarily equal probable cause. The normally needs to be some level of corroboration to your mothers story. I can’t just walk into the office and say “Donald Trump stole my car! Arrest him.” They are going to demand some level of proof before they issue a document ordering police officers to arrest him.  I'm sorry for the late response, I had a long conversation with my brother. She said that she got a warrant on him for stealing the car; that's all that I know. I'm assuming that the car is reported stolen. We may or may not have just parked the car in the woods on the land we own like I said originally, and he may or may not plan to give the keys to my Grandpa. I'm not sure of all of the details, I'll call the magistrate in the morning to confirm her claims. She has went up there several times before; they hare used to her craziness, so I have no doubt that she actually did it. Is there a way that he could just not be arrested? What if he called the magistrate office himself and explained his case? You said super urgent and haven’t responded, so I’ll give you some info/advice. If she went to the magistrate and reported a crime it can go one of two ways. She goes to the magistrate and asks to file charges on your brother for theft. The magistrate took a statement from her (affidavit) that she swore was the truth. The magistrate then has two options. 1) issue a criminal summons (this is just a paper notifying your brother that he is the alleged offender of a crime and that he must appear for a hearing.) Second, they can issue a warrant for his arrest. BUT, there is a similar burden of proof that would be required if a police officer wanted to seek a warrant. Her affidavit alone would most likely not meet the standard necessary for the magistrate to issue a warrant. If he continues to operate or possess the vehicle it could impact his chances at trial. If she reported the car stolen, that’s a different issue. If the police observe your brother operating or possessing the car he will be arrested. I’m a former cop, not a lawyer, so I don’t want to tell you how to move forward. Almost anything I could suggest would put him in possession of the car/keys/etc and I don’t know what a defense attorney would advise him to do. What I would say is if he is arrested, interviewed, or detained, by law enforcement he should keep his mouth closed. Any statements he makes to them can get him into further trouble. Best of luck.  Do you mean she reported the car stolen or that she went to the local magistrate and filed charges against him?