 First off DONT JUDGE ME FOR BEING IN THIS POSITION. This can happen to anyone. I'm tired of you people on Reddit, Im tired of the dirty looks for lawyers that I go to for help. I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING WRONG HERE. I'm not going to explain how I got it, because it doesnt matter, i shouldn't have to suffer the rest of my life for being charged with a deferred misdemeanor DV Assault 4. But i have a crimimal no contact order in place. I've been seperated from my kid. She had me doing supervised visits, I agreed to do them because I was homeless. I studied family law. I know i could have destroyed her in court. She accused me of a bunch of stuff that wasnt true. But last month we had a hearing where we were allowed to violate the no contact order. We argued for 3 hours and decided I wanted nothing to do with her bs. Somehow during this whole fuss, or from a mutual friend she got my phone number. She has texted me asking me for money. I am not homeless anymore AND HAVE A CHANCE TO DESTROY HER IN COURT ONCE AND FOR ALL. PLEASE HELP ME HOW DO I PROVE SHE IS NOT A LAW ABIDING CITIZEN? I AM SCARED IF I DRAFT A LETTER TO THE COURTS SHE WILL CHANGE HER NUMBER ONCE I SERVE IT TO HER. I have the golden ticket to getting full or split custody of my son. Someone please for the love of god tell me how to do it. If you knew the sick stuff she made up, you would want to kill her. But i don't. I'm not weak. I've kept my composure through everything and just want to be a good father. Please someone out there with a heart TELL ME WHAT TO DO. WA STATE PIERCE COUNTY Playing dirty doesn’t often work. Even if you can prove she’s a terrible human, you have to be able to prove to the court that you’re fit. Instead of focusing on destroying her, focus on showing the court how you have changed. Have you taken and completed a batterer’s intervention course? Have you attended any sort of therapy? Can you prove stability in housing and employment? Have you been attending all visits the court has ordered, paid your child support, and walked the line? These are all important. At the point where you can prove to the court that you are a fit parent, then I would consider filing in court to show custody should change, were I in your shoes.  First off, YOU SHOULD PROBABLY HIRE A LAWYER.  Here's the deal. I'm a casual redditor looking at this, and right away, you're basically screaming at me not to judge you. You're screaming at me you've done nothing wrong. (BTW - People who have done nothing wrong tend not to make a habit of saying they've done nothing wrong). And then in the same post, you say you could have "destroyed" your ex, and express that you have a chance to "destroy" her now. You also accuse your ex of not being a law abiding citizen, yet, don't provide examples. Look, everyone runs into trouble in their life. And whatever trouble you've been into, I'm not going to judge you for. But your post, frankly, reads like angry ramblings, not the clear thoughts of a person with whom I'd entrust the care of a child. So, you've asked what to do. I suggest you first make an entire accounting, in writing, of what it is you want from the court system in regards to custody. I also think you should write down why it is you believe you should get that. I think you then need to see a therapist and show them that list. Discuss the emotions connected to the items on there. Try to seperate objective fact from opinion. Then, take your revised list to an attorney. Listen to them. You pay an attorney for two things... 1 - Knowledge of the law. 2 - Objectivity. The attorney doesn't have a dog in the fight. The attorney will listen to your story, examine the relevant evidence, set realistic expectations with you in terms of outcome, then use their skill and experience to devise the best possible strategy to achieve those objectives. What a joke.  First of all, check your motives. Will destroy her hurt or help your relationship with your child? If you want to get full or partial custody then go to court and prove that you are a fit parent. If she is not a fit parent then prove that. What you don't do is go in to destroy someone. That's why people are looking at you with disgust. You're not with her. Let it go. Move on with your life. From now on everything, every contact, every conversation, every visit, must be with the best interests of the child in mind. If you can't do that, then you have no business getting custody at all. I don’t understand what you are even asking, that being said if you are tired of reddit maybe stop posting here? This seems like a troll post.