 Hi everyone I am a 30M and I work as an accountant for a company of about 600 people. She (my sorta ex girlfriend) works in the IT department and she somehow has the ability to look at peoples photos and phone numbers (she said they’re stored in ?Action Directory?). How we met: Apparently she saw me around campus and wanted to know my name so she looked through all the student pictures in the Directory system at work and she did identify me. She later texted me with the number she found. (I know this all because she admitted it to me the first night we slept together, almost in a bragging kind of way. And also used it to imply that she is a psycho and not to get on her bad side). It started when she texted me “whatsup” and I said who it was and she said “Lisa from IT” and I said “oh have we met?” and she said “not yet!” Well to make a long story short I decided to meet up with her. And look I will admit it was a dumbass thing to do but honestly I was flattered. No woman has expressed interest in me since a few years ago before I got fat from prednisone. I honestly forgot to even question her in the beginning how she got my number; it just seemed natural and I decided to go with it. We had the hottest and craziest sex of my entire life however she turned out to be a fucking psycho (and yes I know I should have known from the beginning). As I said, the first night we slept together she admitted how she got my number and found me. And also joked about how she’s a psycho and not to ever piss her off or hurt her, or she will “make my life a living fucking hell”. She never said this in text messages only in person BTW. One night I turned her down for sex and she started freaking out calling me and saying “fuck you don’t ever speak to me again and you’re so fucking fucked asshole”. I should have just reported her to HR but I remembered her warning to me and I thought well fuck if she has my phone number she probably has my address and social security number, too. And I thought of what she could do to me. We decided to meet up for coffee the day after that fight and she apologized. She really did seem sorry and that’s why I was caught off guard and I let her use my cell phone for a second because “hers didn’t get any coverage in the shop”, so I gave it to her. Well she must have used that opportunity to delete our entire text conversation, because I realized shortly after that our texts were gone. I texted her “hey is everything OK?” She responded “I told you to never speak to me again. Leave me alone or I will report you to HR immediately”. I stopped responded and my heart sunk - WTF was going on? Well the next day she had went and talked to HR. She told them that I’ve been stalking her around the office and that I found her cell number online somehow and somewhere and that I’ve been texting her. Guys, she deleted my only copy of our texts - and she doctored her own. Her phones (and mine too) apparently let you delete individual lines out of a text conversation. She doctored the text convos to look a certain way, as if I was harassing her. For instance here’s an example of what she did: Her: “hey watsup cutie” Me: “hey sexy” Her: “omg” Her: “really?” Her: “lmao” Her: “STOP!” Her: “j/k” Me: “hehe so we fuckin tonight?” Her: “lmao!” Her: “maybe!” Her: “because” Her: “I’m so horny!” Her: “can you handle me?” Me: “I’ll make you cum so hard!” Her: “that isn’t” Her: “something easy? You know!” Her: “okay?” Her: “you know” Her: “I’m a hard woman to please...” Her: “you’ll be in a world of trouble” Me: “like what? Stop fucking joking Lisa lmao” Her: “just stop” Her: “and get some lube for tonight?” Her: “see you later mwah” Her: “okay?” She usually texts in bursts and this crazy girl has doctored a conversation that I don’t even have my own copy of. To make matters worse, this was all over iMessage, which your phone carriers apparently cannot read because it goes through apples servers! So now I have this big investigation on me and no proof. I have no proof that she invited me for sex at her house. In fact even me knowing her address and admitting it will reflect very negatively on me. Basically this girl stalked me, found my number, we met up, I actually jived with her and we had sex for a few times, but then I deny her and she goes all psycho. Then she apologizes and deletes my text history between me and her while I am off guard. Then she doctored text convos between us and went to HR to claim that I am the one stalking her and not the other way around. Location - Portland OR [removed]