 So about 10 months ago I started working at job A. I worked there for about 3 months and never heard from them again except one text saying they'd call me when they needed me. I have yet to receive a call. So I started at another company, job B. I've been with B since then and intend to stay there. For job A I had to have fingerprinting and back ground checks performed, a $100 procedure. My boss pays for it as long as you aren't fired/quit within the 1st year at the job. This was agreed upon verbally, which I'm sure is important. I wasn't officially fired and I didn't quit. I was just ghosted. In 2+ months (once the 1 year mark is hit) I intend to go quit in person so that I don't have to pay back the $100. I have to wait to the 1 year mark so I don't have to pay it (since that's $100 I need) The question is what do I do if she expects me to pay it back? I expect her to come up with something saying I didn't work there for a full year (I don't have pay stubs to prove when I got my 1st paycheck, was paid in cash, just the 1st day of work highlighted in my calendar and the sign in logs) If she pulls anything like that, and I know she will, what rights do I have? I don't want to pull in a lawyer for $100 obviously but I am expecting a fight from her about it. What can I do if she tells me I've been fired for X months or have only worked for X months? I've had no contact with her since the day she ghosted on me. And I am NOT giving her $100 for fucking me over. What rights does she have in this situation as the employer? Please don't judge, I've never been in this situation and I'm sure I've already messed up somehow. TLDR: Employer ghosted me, I might have to pay back for fingerprinting, I was never fired/quit, help! Hm. That kinda sucks. I thought you're supposed to get some kind of notification, not just you know, no contact.  You will get your normal W-2 by the end of January. There is no government or official record outside of the company regarding who works there. So no, you don’t have to quit. You have been fired.  Legally I don't have to quit? What about tax stuff?  What point is served by formally going in and telling them you quit? Realistically they are unlikely to ask for the money if you do, but why even raise the chance they will? You haven’t worked there in 7 months, you have been constructively terminated, why poke the bear? If they wanted the $100, you would have known about it 7 months ago.