 For the last 2 years, my mum has been working for a large food and clothing retailer. She in particular has been working in the clothing departments but has worked in the food side previously. The company in question has been struggling financially and announced the closure of several stores a few months ago. One of the stores announced for closure was the one my mum works at. It was particularly convenient place to work due to the close to location to our home. However, since its announced closure, the company have been taking steps to relocate all staff at closing stores. Due to the closure, many elder staff members have been seeking to receive redundancy and retire, however they have been denied this opportunity. Any form of redundancy is being straight-up denied. Whilst my mum is not looking for redundancy, she is looking for a suitable transfer to another store’s clothing department, within a reasonable commutable distance. She was offered two different positions at a larger store 40-60 minutes away by car. One position was in the food department, whilst the other was in the outlet store. Both these options do not seem possible for my mum. Firstly, the hours she has been offered for the department are from 2-10pm 6 out of 10 working days across 2 weeks. Her other shifts whilst not finishing as late as 10pm, are not much earlier. This works in complete polar opposite to her husband’s work schedule who works very early in the morning. The difference between both their working hours would mean that they would see very little of each other. Working in the outlet store also seems not possible for my mum. Previous employees experience has said that working in this department demands a much faster work pace which my mum would definitely struggle. This is largely due to arthritis and a leg injury received when falling down the stairs. The manager issuing these job relocations has stated the staff members will be disciplined if they object to their distributed transfers. This is said to involve a severe reduction in assigned hours as well as placement into the most unpopular departments. This seems hardly legal and any advice on the matter would be greatly appreciated.