 My grandma was a weird one and years ago she had purchased a full skeleton on the Internet. Fully legal and real human skeleton. I dont want to throw it away or bury it because I'm afraid it might start a murder investigation. And will the cops believe me if I tell them this story? What the hell do you do with a legal skeleton? I'll take it. It's not illegal to own one, or sell. I'm looking to buy one but dont have the $5000 to get one sadly. Or you can keep it and dress it up and make videos with it. That's why I want one.  I'll take it and pay shipping. Will make a great conversation piece for my office..  An art school might take it as well. HS Anatomy and Physiology teacher in MO here. I would LOVE a real skeleton if you are decide to donate it!  Murderer: (axe in his hand, standing over the fresh crime scene) "Hi, Washington University Mediacal Center? I have a corpse I'd like to donate." You sell it.  I would like to have something this for our institution but more so for an animal. IMO its a valuable item and in demand for educational purposes. Yep call university, local teaching hospital, I bet your community college would like it, med/PT students heck I was thinking at my old place with the grimmy unfinished basement I could put a skeleton in chains on one of the walls and have the "Criminal Minds Unsub Basement." You just told me how to commit the perfect murder. MUAHAHHAHAHAAH! If it has a stand or anything joining it together, most places won’t think you’re a murderer. See if there’s any markings on the bones or bottom of the stand, it might have company name or certification. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Fuck, I would take it. I was looking for an expensive one during medical school. :( When I was in a similar situation, my experience was schools and universities will no longer accept real skeletons. If yours is articulated you should be able to sell it wholesale. You don't actually need any papers to own or sell (ethically sourced, not stolen) human bones in the US. Freaky, I know 😬 but you should be okay.  I know some hoosiers that would pay top dollar for that. I’ll take it off your hands :^) Any university with an anthropology (biological or forensic) faculty will most likely take it, maybe even come and collect it? Also, some specialty museums, such as the mutter museum in Philadelphia. Agreeing with another commenter, please don't 5rash or burn the skeleton, they are still human remains and should be treated with respect (they are also worth a lot of money and are priceless teaching tools)  You said she bought it on the Internet, right? If she bought it on eBay or Amazon or most of the more common retail sites, it's likely that there's a digital version of the receipt in her account history. Or, if you have access to her emails (did she keep her computer logged in, or save her passwords?), you can look for an order confirmation to determine where she purchased it. None of this is super helpful in what to do with the thing, but I know I'd like to have some proof of legality if I were toting around human remains. I'm NAL.  burn it As others have suggested, donating to a university is probably easiest if you just want to get rid of it. As someone who has bought a human skull, there's no paperwork that comes with it showing it's "legit" or anything, just a receipt, so dont worry that you're not finding anything. If you do decide to go another route, it's totally legal to possess and ship human bones, but you cannot ship to Tennessee, New York, Louisiana, or Georgia. And of course, there's some international issues, and probably not worth trying. If you look up The Bone Room online, they buy a bunch of human bones and would likely be interested.  Look up the name and contact info of an anatomy professor or department administrator at a university near you (if you have a choice, choose a university with a nursing or medical school). They should be able to point you in the right direction for dealing with this. If they offer to buy it from you, even better, as they'll need to ensure that the paperwork is all done correctly.   Oh, it's better than that - I'm in Canada, I want hi to mail it across an international border. ;) Good try Mr/Ms FBI, we're not falling for the old "mail me a skeleton across the States" entrapment. I'm not buying that screen name there "Suit". OP, as the others have said if articulated likely ok. Call the police non-emergency if you're concerned and ask them what to do.  I'd be happy to take it off your hands... Wanna try mailing it across the border?  University art departments would also love an articulated human skeleton, for anatomy courses.  The good ones a worth a mint don’t trash it please If the skeleton has hardware attached to it, such as wires or springs to hold the bones together for display, it will be pretty obvious to anyone that encounters it that it was for medical use. Medical or nursing schools would be glad to have it donated, real ones are not cheap. Does it have a barcode or serial number anywhere on it?  If they don't, what's the worst that happens? It's not like they will arrest you... Oh, I already buried a plastic skeleton under our deck when we rebuilt it.  You're such a good person I'd have burried it in a public park somewhere with the hand sticking out of the ground a little bit The thing is, I didnt find any papers or recipets or anything to go with this skeleton. I believe my grandma's story but will anyone else? First thing that comes to mind is to call any university near you to see if they want it.