 Legal questions at bottom. Background: I took my wife’s car to JL in June of 2018. They replaced the front brake pads on my wife’s car. A few days later we felt like the car still wasn’t braking any better, and we took it to JL to have them drive it around and see if the brakes seemed normal. They took a look at it, and they basically told me that everything was fine. Now I have documentation of the original brake change, but nothing about the second visit to check the brakes. Fast forward to December and my wife and I started hearing a whining sound when she was going 30-40 mph, it wasn’t super loud and a quick google search suggested that maybe a belt needed to be changed. My wife and I decided to have it looked at in January since our other car would be due in for an oil change around that time. Now hear we are today, I took my wife’s car to Firestone (FS) to have them diagnose the issue regarding the noise. At this point I didn’t really know what was wrong, and I didn’t think anything about the brakes. FS calls me and tells me the brake pad was installed incorrectly on one side and the pad had worn away completely. The noise was the result of the metal portion of the pad rubbing against the rotor. FS manager is absolutely sure that JL installed the pad backwards which caused the issue. Now I need to get the pads and rotors replaced. JL claims that the pad is impossible to install backwards. JL doesn’t want to cover the costs unless they can look at the car to verify the fault, they are also not interested in letting FS do the repair. So right now my car is sitting in a bay at FS, and a JL employee is going to FS tomorrow morning to look at the car. Once the JL employee has determined fault or not they will call and notify me. The FS team is telling me that it’s definitely an installation mistake. JL has been trying to claim that everything looks like normal wear and tear (I showed them pictures of my car at FS), but I will know more about their official stance tomorrow. Other relevant facts: The car has been driven about 5500 miles since the brakes were changed. Here’s my questions: If JL denies fault, then I plan on having FS complete the repair. The total cost would be about $382. $170 for the cost of the pads. Small claims will cost about $46 to file, and then a $75 constable fee for each person served. In this case should I take the JL owner to small claims for the repair? If so, how much should sue for?  You can certainly install a brake pad backwards. It would be both incredibly noticeable and stupid. It’s not true of all brake pads, specifically the ones with a metal alignment tab on the back, but the kind with two alignment tabs and a smooth back will do the trick The only area these align to the caliper is with the two tabs on the outside. If the pad is rortated 180 degrees around it’s long axis it’ll install. I’ve seen two friends do it after teaching them on one wheel and laughing at them on a second before we cleaned off the grease and started over. Folks - this is why you bring your friend a six pack when they’re teaching you to wrench. You’ll need one of those brewskis after he busts you balls and helps you through a “teaching moment”. So far I’ve only told Reddit and haven’t DAVE-d any names. [removed] That’s what I’m currently trying to do, JL is sending someone to FS today to determine if it was installed incorrectly.  Ultimately I would like them to repair it under warranty. There has been some debate over who should pay for the tow over to JL in that case. The reason I asked about small claims is because I’m worried that JL will do everything they can to say that they aren’t liable. If the rotor was damaged by the improperly installed pad, then wouldn’t they be liable for the rotors as well? Yes I agree that they should do both pads. You can’t really see it in the picture, but if you get up close and the look at the rotor you can see where the metal portion of the pad has been wearing against it. I don’t know for certain since FS could be lying for more money, but FS told me that rotor needs to be replaced. If that’s true then I should probably replace both rotors as well.  I see what you mean. What it appears to me is that JL put the inside pad on the outside and presumably vice versa (though I cannot see the other side). It was either that or the box came with two inside pads. That metal clip is not of the same design as the one on the other side of the car, which makes no sense. Everything should be be symmetrical. Those two metal dots you see in the brake pad I often see on the pads that face the piston side of the caliper, which is generally the inside. The outside, usually has some metal retaining bracket to help hold the pad in place as you can see on the good side. A properly installed pad cannot move out of place like it did. They messed up. The rotor needs to be measured to see if it can be turned on a brake lathe. At any rate, the other side should be turned, too. Additionally, the entire set of pads should be changed at the same time, so they wear evenly. Don't let them fix only this one whee. They owe you a brake job on the entire axle.  JL might just offer to repair the brakes under warranty, which would be your cheapest option. If you went to small claims you would only be entitled to whatever you paid JL, and not more than what you’re about to pay FS. It might sound strange, but call your local dealership- they may have pricing very similar or even less than FS - dealerships are hungry for your money- so they have been pricing lower to get you back as a client - and their parts will work better and last longer. Well if it has a warranty definitely try and see if they'll cover it.  I don’t disagree that I may be hard to get them to pay for it, but it does seem to me that they should be liable for the damages. When I looked at their website it looked like they had a 24 month warranty on the parts for brake pads. If they refuse to repair them do you think I should pursue it further or do you think that would be a waste of money as well? I know all of this is contingent on it being their fault or not, but I just don’t see how one side could look so much better than the other if everything was done correctly by JL. Who knows? I can only guess what's wrong with your brakes. I can tell you that if jiffy did a brake job in June and you're now experiencing issues, you will have an incredibly uphill battle to get them to pay for any damages.  I’m sure you are likely correct about being unable to install them backwards (I just posted what FS told me). But at the very least when I looked at the rotors in the shop I saw a huge difference between the two. The calipers weren’t even aligned with the pad on the busted one. I just edited the post with some pictures of the pads and rotors, do you mind taking a look at them and seeing what you think may have happened instead? Surely not normal wear an tear right? I didn’t realize pads and rotors were so cheap to buy, but after watching a video about replacing the pads, I don’t think I have all the tools required. I’m also not sure I have the time to fix it myself before Monday, and my wife would need the car then. I’m not sure about what all should have gone wrong with the improperly installed pads, but I have pictures of the rotors calipers on either side of the car. You can see them [here]() . Jiffy lube is right. You can't install brake pads backwards. The brake caliper won't mount correctly and the wheel won't go in. However, while I've done tons of brake jobs, I have not done them on every single car.  You would have a lot more problems than a noise and a feeling with something installed backwards for 5500 miles.. FS just wants to make money off of you, and could have flipped things around to make it an easier sale / make you afraid to take it back to JL. JL is a horrible company and you should have never taken your car there for anything to begin with ( Just google "jiffy lube fraud" ).. Heck, while you're at it, google "how to replace brakes on (insert your car here)" - you can buy brake pads for $40 and brake rotors for $30-50 each - do all the work yourself with a buddy and a 6 pack and you'll have saved yourself a lot of time, money, headache, and learned something new in the process!