 Hi All, My wife and I live in LA County in CA. We have a landlord who we believe has violated our lease on several occasions, and is now attempting to evict us without grounds, even though we haven’t violated our lease. We have been in our apartment since July 2018, and our landlord today sent us an email requesting we move out by the end of the month, and that she would be contacting her attorney next week. Primary Issue To summarize the primary issue at the moment: our landlord believes we have violated our lease by having subletters in our apartment. However, we have not had subletters, we have occasionally had friends stay with us for a weekend, and the longest stay we had was when two childhood friends of mine stayed with us for 2 weeks. Our lease does not prohibit us from having guests, and doesn't specify lengths of stay. Our guests can verify in writing that we did not receive any payment from them in any form while they were visiting us if need be. Other Issues Landlord Entering Home Without Notice On two occasions, our landlord has entered our home without notice. The first occasion was for looking at a minor leak in the bathroom; while this can constitute an emergency, she gave no notice at all that she would be entering our home. No phone call, no email. The second occasion was when she came to look at our broken dishwasher; she gave no notice ahead of time, and entered the premises (while my wife was home from work). We have email exchanges that were conducted shortly after our landlord’s unwarranted entries Not Addressing Termite Issues On several occasions, we sent proof of termites in our kitchen to the landlord (termite dust, termite wings, and live flying termites), and she brushed it off as minor without any plan to remedy. Today, the same day she is attempting to evict us, we have swarms of live termites in our kitchen, crawling on the surfaces where we store and prepare food. We have sent her photos, and her response has no sense of urgency, and she is waiting until next week to even reach out to exterminators. Attempting to charge us for wear and tear On several occasions, our landlord has attempted to pass off cost of wear and tear repairs onto us, even though the lease has stated the landlord is responsible for such repairs. One occasion was trying to pin a rusted shower handle breaking on our misuse (it was clearly old and needed replacement), and the second instance was blaming the dishwasher breaking due to misuse. The machine was very old (over 10 years) and she tried to have us cover the cost of a new one. Inadequate Heating In December of 2018, our heating no longer worked. The heating issues was not resolved until January 16th; in the meantime, she provided only a single space heater for our bedroom while the rest of the home remained unheated. Given that we have been model tenants who have paid on time every month, and that our landlord is causing us undue stress in a critical time in our lives (my wife is currently pregnant), we are wondering what our options are and whether we can 1. Litigate against our landlord for harassment and causing undue stress, and 2. Prevent our eviction. Any advice would be much appreciated.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.