 So my sister just came out of the closet to our family today and turns out her gf is underage. Apparently they’ve been dating since the girl was 16 and she’s now 17. My parents were extremely worried about this and demanded to speak with the girls parents. Only the father showed up and said he’s completely okay with the relationship. When asked if his wife is on board he said she doesn’t know yet. So my parents basically said until the wife approves they don’t think it’s a good idea for them to see each other. Now I’m wondering if verbal consent from the parents is even enough for them to date. Is there paperwork or something available? State: Arizona  Yeah. That’s where I’m afraid. The mom is very conservative. We’re afraid she finds out and files a complaint.  That's a little bit of a gray area, but I'd imagine a court wouldn't have an issue. They've been going out for going on two years, there's less than a two-year age gap, and someone would have to file a complaint in the first place. So I found this: Under subsection (f) of Arizona Revised Statutes 13-1407, your defense attorney can bring a Romeo and Juliet defense if the victim is age 15, 16, or 17 and the defendant is under 19 years of age. My sister turns 19 in April. Her friend will be 17 until next December. So this applies now until she is 19?  When something is a viable defense, that effectively means it's legal. I saw this and saw that it can be used as a defense by a lawyer. Not sure if that means their relationship is legal still.  It’s weird that you’re involved in your adult sister’s dating life.  There is no such thing in the law as “consent to date.” Weird, man. Wait, what? Why would verbal consent from _parents_ be ever a relevant question at all? If it's illegal (e.g. as statutory rape -- which this isn't, I'm pretty sure) -- it's illegal. period. Even both parents' consent cannot make it legal. And if it's legal, then it's the person in question who is the only one whose consent matters. In any case, I suspect that a 17 year old in your state can consent to sexual relations, and if not, there are likely romeo-and-juliet laws that will make it not a crime to have sex with someone with whom your age difference is only a year. The fact that it's a same-sex relationship really has no bearing on anything at all.  AZ age of consent is 18 but i dont see anything wrong with this relationship and probably neither would the courts. A 17 year old can consent to sexual activity as long as the other person is less than 2 years older than them. The girl's parents can still, of course, bar her from seeing your sister.  Arizona has a Romeo and Juliette stipulation in their age of consent laws which allow minors (15-17) to consent to relations with people within 2 years of age. Your sister appears to meet that exception. Not asking for age of consent I’m my state. I’m well aware of that. Just wanting to know if verbal consent from the parents is enough or if we need this down on paper.  Pfffft. I’m not googling age of consent for you. 