 Is there anything I can do legally? I have proof of all bets placed and him confirming he owed that amount. The day before we were supposed to meet, he blocked me on everything. I know his full name, address, relatives names and he has a past as a convicted scammer who had to pay restitution. For mod reference: .J. Stat. 2C:37-2 Promoting gambling . Promoting Gambling Defined. A person is guilty of promoting gambling when he knowingly: ; or . Such conduct includes but is not limited to conduct directed toward the creation or establishment of the particular game, contest, scheme, device or activity involved, toward the acquisition or maintenance of premises, paraphernalia, equipment or apparatus therefor, toward the solicitation or inducement of persons to participate therein, toward the actual conduct of the playing phases thereof, toward the arrangement of any of its financial or recording phases, or toward any other phase of its operation.  OP has received all useful advice and the thread is attracting incorrect info and shitposting. Locking. That are all through licensed casinos, you cannot legally place a bet with the neighborhood bookie. Your advice is incorrect - New Jersey doesn't require bets be placed in casinos. There are legal off-track betting halls and betting can be done online He’s not a bookie, he placed a bet for me through a book It's illegal unless you place a bet in a licensed casino. Think of it this way - it's legal to purchase narcotic medication from a licensed pharmacist, but not from some idiot on the street corner. Same thing with betting. SCOTUS stuck down the Bradley Act in May of 2018. Sports betting is quite legal in New Jersey. Placing a bet with a bookie is illegal, unless you directly placed the bet with a casino it was illegal. So what? Not with a bookie it wasn't. Gambling is strictly regulated, even in NJ. I did not realize it was across state lined No, it’s not legal to instruct someone to cross state lines to place a bet. I was in New Jersey when placing the bets. I just live in Florida. I have proof I was in jersey as well. It was a legal bet It was a legal bet  Nope. Play illegal games and you're stuck with whatever happens. Courts don't enforce illegal contracts. I can't even believe I have to tell you that. Typically it’s not great advice to tell someone to making a filing in court admitting to a crime. You could sue him.