 Hello this happened few days ago near my house ( i live on a small intersection ) involving 4 cars accident total and 2 happened to be mine standing outside of my house ( im in WA sate if anyones wondering ) and long story short i live on a intersection where there is no STOP signs or RED/GREEN LIGHTS so its one of those roads where vehicle on the left must yield right-of-way to the vehicle on the right . or whichever vehicle came to a stop first . anyways there was Vehicle A that was crossing the road ( totally legal and by the rules according to cops and my google search ) and then theres the Vehicle B ( who was suppose to stop and yield the right of way to vehicle A ) anyways The Vehicle A and B came into contact in the middle of the intersection and it tossed vehicle A into both of my cars standing outside of my house next to the road totaling one completely luckily we all had some sort of insurance and when police showed up to investigate and write up a report they said the vehicle B was at fault and now Vehicle B are claiming they are all good and now all of these 3 ( vehicle A and both of my cars ) involving are going after that Vehicle B insurance and the agent called and said that they have " limited funds and they are working hard to resolve this issue " anyways how does that concern me if i was inside the house minding my own business and they are the ones that came onto my property and destroyed my cars what should i tell that agent and what are my options ? also the Vehicle B wants to take the Vehicle A to court which i see no point because Vehicle B was clearly at fault anyways what should i tell their agent and how can i ensure myself i get full funds ( obviously minus their deductibles ) and i forgot to mention on top of that i had to get a rental with my own money that they are promising to refund im just really confused at this moment as ive never been in a accident and with a little advice from your side would really help me because my mind is just blank at the moment. thanks everyone for taking out your time and hearing out my situation hope everyone has a wonderful day and a Happy New Years. [removed] That would be between them to figure out. I guess it depends on your policy, but they generally cover things like this. They take care of you, then go after the responsible party, whether that's A or B. the thing is car A came into contact with car B and car B flew into my by standing vehicles i didn't mention this previously  It might be worth contacting your homeowner's insurance. They might cover you and go after car Bs insurance for the money.