 I recently got my first job (16M) working a few hours every weekend at $10/hr I filled out my W-4 form claiming 1 allowance and no exemption. I am not filing my own taxes as I am still living with my parents. I understand that if I were to file my own taxes, my income would be under the minimum taxable income. Is there any way I can claim an exemption on my W-4 form or refund my taxes at the end of the year since I have no tax liabilities? If I am missing any important information in this post I can supply it in edits No problem. A lot has changed with tax laws (especially in the last year), but I can tell you anecdotally that I started working at 15, and received refunds right from the beginning. I did owe taxes because I worked year round about 20 hours a week, but I still received a big chunk of it back at tax time even though my parents were claiming me as a dependent. This is really helpful, thank you so much. When you file your taxes you will say that you are able to be claimed by someone else as a dependent. You don’t “file as part of the family.” Your parents can file jointly, and they get to claim you as a dependent which will increase their refund. In many cases simply being a dependent reduces one’s refund because it lowers the amount of tax you’re exempt from paying. In your case, a part time job for the summer at a relatively low wage wouldn’t meet the exemption anyway. You wouldn’t lose anything, and you’d get any taxes you paid back as a refund. Beware that I am not a tax professional, but I see no reason not to fill out the W4 while claiming yourself and then file taxes next year for a refund. So I read this as “your first year of work you have to wait until the end of the year and get a refund, but afterwards you can file as exempt”, but my parents seem to think that I won’t be able to get a refund because I will have to file my taxes as a member of the family and not by myself. Is that true or will I be able to get a refund?  The IRS seems to say that to claim EXEMPT, not only do you have to expect not to owe taxes, but you also must have filed the previous year and not owed taxes. I still have my W-4 and I have now marked line 7 as EXEMPT thanks! I should’ve wrote that I haven’t given my employer my W-4 form yet, so this is very helpful. Thanks! Yes, you need to file a tax return to claim your refund. There's no reason you can't do that just because you are a dependent. You may have been eligible to mark EXEMPT on the W-4 since no tax is expected to be owed. The IRS has a detailed W4 wizard you should use in the future. If you expect to earn less than your standard deduction, can't you say that on the W-4 and claim an exemption from any withholding? Keep in mind, if you earn too much, you will owe taxes at the end of the year, and - if you are a dependent on someone else's taxes - your standard deduction is much less (something like $1000). It may be easier to just have the employer withhold and then file an ez return at the end of the year and you'll get all your money back as a refund (and you won't have to worry about earning too much, or calculating anything yourself).