 My ex girlfriend took an order of protection against me which includes our minor child on it. I have a emergency temporary order for sole legal decision making and parenting time. The police officer informed me that the superior court order(temporary custody) supersedes the justice court order(order of protection). So my question is does that mean I can be around my daughter now? Or do I still need to have no contact with my daughter? DO NOT violate that protective order. Follow it to the letter and contact an attorney. While I understand that it's difficult to not see your child during this time, you will definitely not see your child if you are in jail. I believe you'll have a hearing within 30-90 days to modify the order to either extend it or make it permanent. You'll want, unfortunately, two attorneys. One for the criminal stuff and a family law attorney. You need both now. Do not be surprised if your ex goes to court and attempts to have your custody order modified in light of the restraining order. Do not be surprised if the modification is granted. IANAL but my parents had a real shitty divorce. ABOVE ALL, don't contact your ex. Don't contact your child. Don't have your mom/cousin/friends/carrier pigeons contact them. Don't go to your daughter's school/daycare, and don't send anyone else. Don't do anything but speak to your attorneys. If the accusations are false, hopefully when this is sorted you can have your custody order modified, but if you violate it, you'll end up in jail and your ex will have that much easier of a time.  Accusations of serious felonies Police officers are great, but they aren't lawyers. Please speak to one before you do anything else. If your child is included in a protective order against you, there is a solid chance that you could be arrested if you contact your ex/your child in any way (this includes by phone/text/email, and it includes third party contact, so don't). Why is there a protective order?  Representing myself so don't have am attorney. Going to contact one with this question. NAL. Based off that description what the police officer said you should have the kids and you can't go near your Ex. Double check with your attorney that this is true. If it is then work with the police to transfer the kids and their possessions to you so you don't break the order of protection. 