 [TL;DR] at the bottom! Sorry this is long... [OH] I am a 1st year university student. The morning of Jan 19th, 2019, another student (Who has been identified to only live 4 doors away from my room) entered my room at 3am and began urinating on my belongings. Upon hearing the door open, I assumed it was my roommate coming back, because he left the room not even 10 minutes prior. I was going back to bed and only turned when I heard the sound of liquid hitting my chair. I look over to see a random student in his boxers, urinating on my chair. The majority landed on my chair, but some got on my khaki pants, jacket, backpack, blanket, and some seeped through the chair and onto the rug. []() photo proof Upon seeing him, I began yelling at him and telling him to get out. After his refusal, I grabbed his arm in an attempt to pull him out, but he shoved me and told me to "Chill out." Instead of getting violent, I just grabbed his arm again and pulled him out into the hallway. NOTE: He was stumbling around this entire time and his breath smelled like alcohol Upon pulling him out of my room, he began trying to take items off my desk, but I knocked them out of his hand. After I pulling him into the hallway, he began trying to get back into my room; so I quickly shut the door and locked it. I then called my roommate to come back. A couple of people on my dorm floor heard me yelling and walking into the hall to check what was going on. One student told me he saw him walk into a room at the end of the hall. Another student told me that someone came in and urinated on his stuff during the first semester. Us 3 three in the hallway began describing the person that we saw, and we all had the same description. Let's call him XYZ. Other people were still awake and after we described the person, they told me the description and room number match XYZ. My roommate and I then approached XYZ's room, knocked on the door and received no response. The door was unlocked, so we opened it to see XYZ asleep on the ground, and his roommate in the room. We saw that he was safe, and closed the door and got to cleaning. I put everything into the washing machines, while my roommate began cleaning the rug with disinfecting wipes and clothing stain remover, because we do not have carpet cleaner. Due to the washer, the right shoulder strap on my backpack became ripped, and the cover to my chair shrunk in the dryer. I met with and reported the entire incident to my RA the following day. A couple days later I received a letter telling me that I have to meet for a behavioral hearing, where I tell my perspective of the story. But the letter also included that I am "being accused of the possible violation of the flowing codes of conduct: Physical Abuse, Environmental Disrespect, and Disorderly Behavior." I went to the meeting and brought with me a list of all the items that were soiled or damaged, which would have not happened had XYZ not urinated on them. To summarize the meeting, I told the exact story that I typed above, and asked a couple of questions. I asked if I will be compensated for my belongings and why I am being accused of those three things. In short, it is unlikely that my items will be replaced. I am accused of Physical Abuse, because I grabbed XYZ's arm to pull him out of my room instead of staying out of the situation and called public safety and waited for them to get there. I am accused of Environmental Disrespect, because I was yelling at him to leave my room during quiet hours on a Friday night going into Saturday. Finally, I was accused of Disorderly Behavior, because I opened his room door without his consent. (This is the only one I can see being true, but I would argue that it was justified.) Keep in mind that I am only being accused. The Area Coordinator still has to decide whether or not I am responsible for those accusations. I am unaware of any accusations or punishments put on XYZ, because the Residence Coordinator refused to tell me. I still have yet to talk to XYZ, despite seeing him on multiple occasions where confrontation would have been possible. I have not received an apology. I have been told by a separate Residence Coordinator that if I want compensation, I should file a police report or press charges with my campus's public safety. This seems unnecessary, but I do have contacts to a nearby lawyer through my roommate's family friend. Also, my angry Asian mother is on the case and that is truly a horrific thing to go up against. [TL;DR] Last weekend, an intoxicated student walked into my dorm room at ~3am and urinated on multiple of my belongings. I non-violently pulled him out of my room, found out who it was, then filed a report the next day. Because of the event, some of my belongings were soiled and even damaged. Upon attending my behavioral hearing to tell my perspective of the situation, I am being accused of Physical Abuse, Environmental Disrespect, and Disorderly Behavior. It is also very likely that neither the university, nor the student are going to reimburse me for my belongings. I have resources available if legal action needs to be taken place. Also I have a VERY angry mother on my side. Lol right! When in doubt, pull the race card. Colleges these days love this juicy stuff.  You should twist this into a hate crime  I'm going to give the same advice I gave in another comment, which was removed for some reason. Call your local police. Do not report it to the university and do nothing else.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Complaint about Comment or Action Your post has been removed. If you have a question or comment about moderation, send a message to the moderators as outlined below. If you see a comment that is objectionable, use the report button to call it to moderator attention. Please review the following rules before commenting further [General Rules 6]() and [7]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I genuinely don't understand why you removed this comment. This is straightforward advice.  Clarification, call your city police and do not leave it to the campus cops unless you have to. You should let the University do the things they are good at, like investigating a Title IX angle wherein you may be suffering sex-based harassment, and leave them out of things they are not good at, such as investigating crimes.  Report him to the police and explain everything you did here.  Larger universities often have a program where they assign student advocates (often law students or senior undergrads familiar with the process) to represent students in misconduct hearings. I would look into that, since it would be a good step between going it alone and hiring a lawyer, which certainly couldn't hurt but may be overkill at this point. If you are planning to apply to grad school, you definitely want to get this dismissed in its entirety rather than have to explain why you have a misconduct and disciplinary action to every single school you apply to, even if it is minor and understandable.  Going forward, if an intoxicated person breaks into your dorm, you can and absolutely should call the local police. Someone that intoxicated, that felt your personal space was a urinal is a danger that most people don’t want to accept as a danger. While campus security is nice, local police carry a bit more weight. Further more, I would dial a grievance with the Dean/President/Principle of the school. This issue will only be taken seriously and treated as such if you make an issue out of it, especially since they want to hold you responsible for removing a drunk person from your dorm who urinated on your stuff. I remember I spoke with a residence coordinator about this and she talked about Title IX too. She said the case would be handed to Equity Compliance - the office in charge of things regarding title IX. Instead the case is being handled by the area coordinator of my dorm building. Do you think it is still worth bringing up to Equity Compliance, or should I just go straight to authorities? Thank you for that. I have already documented all of the damage and I have pictures. It's amazing how little the university does to help. Someone commented this earlier, and it really does seem like they're just trying to silence the situation and sweep it under the rug.  Yes. He's 19 lmaoo If a student has come into your room, and the rooms of others, and exposed himself, that could be hostile environment sexual harassment, and the university's failure to protect you from it might violate Title IX. Also, it sounds like your university might be retaliating against you for your complaint about sexual harassment, which could also violate Title IX. Your university should have an office to deal with these issues. You might want to file a complaint with them. To be clear: there ARE no witnesses, except to the points for which he is accused: yelling in the halls and opening his door. Nobody else saw anything other than OP yelling accusations and xyz going down the hall. Those witnesses cant testify to anything inside the room. So essentially, its OP vs XYZ. Oh and roommate can testify that somebody urinated on the chair etc. That said, what do you want? Administrative punishment? Persue the school process. Might result in him being kicked out of school, on the sexual harassment issue. Criminal prosecution? File a police report as well. That might result in a misdemeanor conviction, again on the sexual harassment which potentially could have VERY serious implications. Im an advocate for adults to pay their debts, but you might want to consider that. Actual reimbursement? File a civil suit in small claims court against XYZ (the school has no liability, they merely provide housing). In small claims it wouldnt hurt to show the police report. Last but NOT least you will notice who is missing? Angry Asian mom. You are in college your mom has no dog in this fight.  Generally indecent exposure requires intent to alarm/disgust/expose/etc. (Not that people don't get convicted for just trying to take a piss, but it's intended for subway masturbators flashers, not inappropriate urination). This is a lot more like drunk disorderly, tresspassing, minor in possession of alcohol, assorted school rule violations.  I understand what happened sucks ass but dude you’ve got yourself the funniest story to tell your friends in the future IANAL but I’m sure you’ll be fine, what else were you supposed to do, let the dude piss on your shit in your dorm? If some drunk dude came in my dorm and pissed on my shit, I wouldn’t have given him any warning at all, he’d have his lights knocked out before he knew it I had a desktop and a whole bunch of other expensive-ass shit in my dorm I ain’t lettin that shit fly NAL: You should file a police report, take pictures of everything the student urinated on and make sure to include the students full name in the report and what dorm he lives in. Try and document how much damage was done, and work out the overall cost of said damages (electronics, clothes, damage to school property). I would focus your attention on that at the moment, and then I would contact an attorney to draft a demand letter for compensation for your ruined items. The school cant force the other student to pay you, nor can they really do anything to him short of expulsion. If he fails to pay for your damaged items by whatever date you specify in the letter, take him to small claims court over it (pending Ohio rules for small claims court limit which is 3,000.00$). Regardless of what the school says they are going to do, I would file the police report no matter what. This person broke into your dorm, ruined your stuff and had to be forced out because they were intoxicated. Look out for you and yours and dont rely on the school.  Most university PDs are shitholes and full of coverups and corruption. They just recently arrested several officers at my alma mater  Is the other student under the legal age to be drinking? Keep your mother out of this. She can draft emails but you should send them. Nothing will make them take you less seriously as an adult than if your mother, who was not involved, interferes. Even if she is paying your room and board. Get a police report and involve outside authorities, even just to get the paperwork. The university may flub this so it is best for them to know you’ve gone about this as though it was a crime taking place (because it was). You didn’t know if this guy was dangerous, you were sleeping and someone entered your home!  FYI OP, the majority of campus police officers are full fledged officers governed by the state. The only difference between them are their jurisdictions. More than likely, you’ll contact city police based off the misinformation given to you here and they’ll refer you to campus police anyway. A university PD will not cover up crimes to benefit the university. Please trust your university PD — they are there for a reason.  I'd still get the police report to bolster your claim.  A couple reasons on the unlocked doors. - Our doors do not automatically lock. - My roommate was awake and just two doors down the hall in a neighbor's dorm room so he assumed nothing would happen. - Most everyone on my floor is chill with eachother so for the most part it's an open door policy with us guys. It's often that we forget to lock our door at night because of this. (Not for me anymore tho, lol) - Not sure why his was unlocked Thank you for the input. It is a very possible situation that I never thought of.  The university may be trying to silence you by claiming everyone was guilty of something and you should just move on. They don't want resolution, they want dismissal. Why did both of you have unlocked doors?  It is very unlikely that I will not be expelled. Thank you for the input though. I was probably not going to take action with the police. After hearing how many people think I should, I am really considering doing it. However, most of this depends on what the university's official statement will be when they get back to me. Please take action, if you don't appeal these claims against you, there might be big problems in the future. Imagine if you were expelled because of this guy! Tell somebody that this wasn't your fault and the pisser is at total fault. That's very true. I can safely say that seeing his penis was indecent exposure. Thank you very much. Report this to the police. From what you described another student came into your room and exposed himself to you and that is not okay. That makes a lot of sense. Every university person I've talked to has said if I contact an outside source, have it be the university public safety. I did not even think about how the university public safety is different from the city police. Oh and dont worry. My mom already conjuring up angry emails and phone calls. Angry mothers are very scary people to face. I worry for the poor soul who is on the opposite end of that phone call. Thank you! I'll definitely bring this up as an option. If it's pretty straightforward I should be able to figure it out. I greatly appreciate the advice. It'll give my mother an aneurism having to do this by myself. I'm in Ohio for college, but I'm from Missouri (~5.5 hours away). And yeah, I'm trying to get into Physical Therapy grad school. Having this on my record is something that I want to avoid as much as possible.  I'm not sure what the process is on your university violations are, but I would politely ask to appeal anything you are found to violate. You have the witnesses. I would say that you used reasonable, and not excessive force to remove him from your room after he urinated on your belongings. This is a legal defense in every jurisdiction, and even though this isn't a 'legal' process with legal consequences, I would avoid disciplinary actions if possible (sometimes employers or graduate schools ask about any disciplinary actions in college). As to your property, I would send him a demand letter outlining the destroyed property and the value therein. If he doesn't pay you, go through small claims court. It's fairly simple and you don't need a lawyer. You could go to the police like others mention, but I don't really see the point. I suppose there is a chance it ends up with you being paid via restitution, but I think small claims court is more straight forward. Your mom needs to get involved. Schools tend to be more responsible when parents get involved. Also, if you report it to the police, be sure to report it to the city police and not the university police. They are not the same thing. The school will push you to either not report it or tell the university police who they manage  Ah, you'll be fine. I'd be surprised if they even gave you a slap on the wrist. Reacting the way you did is totally reasonable, even if the rules expect you to be saintly.  Thank you. We normally do lock the door, but because my roommate was literally less than 15ft away, he did not lock it. It's unfortunate that this happened that one it was unlocked.  Small court can help with your belongings. Always lock your door. Thank you a lot. There's no real punishment if I am found responsible for those 3 accusations. It's like a slap on the wrist and "Just don't do it again." 2nd offenses are where things actually happen. Quite frankly, I've tried as hard as I can to be a good student. Never had anything on my record before and I don't drink. This situation just worries me. Good point on the whole filing a police report, but don't black mail him. If I got angry, that may have accidentally slipped out. I will be sure to be very conscious of my words.  NAL, but, no, the university is not going to give you a dime. Maybe you should ask XYZ to, though. How do you know he won't if you haven't asked? Just, "Hey, you might not remember, but you walked into my room and ruined some of my belongings. Paying me X reasonable amount of $ would be the right thing to do." If he doesn't, file a police report, but whatever you do, do not say to him, "If you don't pay me, I will file a police report." That would be blackmail. Shoot, even if he does pay you, you could still file a police report; you and the other two should all file one. Who knows how willing they are to act on it, but at least you'll be building a paper trail for the next time he strikes. All of this stuff you're being accused of by your university aren't crimes; they're violations of university code of conduct. I would take a deep breath and research what the actual penalties associated with these things are. What, are they going to kick you out of the univeristy because you got a little heated when someone broke into your room and pissed on your stuff? Seems pretty unlikely. I got brought before the university discipline board for disorderly behavior, and after I was found "guilty," they were like, "OK, don't break any rules for the next six months, or you're going to be in big trouble, mister." 