 New pharmacist at my local drug store gives people with mental health issues difficulty's with medications. She is known to refuse to refill prescriptions such as addereal (anything for mental health) scripts without speaking to the doctors. She was known for doing this at her previous store as well. She refused my son today of getting his mental health medications after the (same doctor for both scripts) doctor changed the script and the old script has been upped and should of been completely out and was also in the period of time you can refill a prescription (it was within 5 days of the new refill for a 30 day supply the pharmacist was unable to do the math correctly was the worst part even the store manager was baffled by her stupidity). The previous medication was not working and she wanted to change the script to something different. My sons doctor had even spoke to the pharmacist the during the appointment about the changes. She refused to fill the script and told my husband when he came in that the doctor on call had said that he didn't approve the changes, but told me and my other daughter that she never spoke to the doctor this was in a 5 minute difference of time. My husband went up to the pharmacy to pick up the script from the doctor she wrote all over it. I called the doctor up after my husband picked up the script to tell him what the pharmacist had said and he called the pharmacy again and he said she was rude and not willing to work with him. He told her that my son needed the medication.  Also file a complaint with the state pharmacy board after you've gathered all documentation. Document, document, document. Keep receipts for everything extra you have to do because of this, from the ER bill to hospital parking. Monday, contact the pharmacy and speak to the store manager and the pharmacy manager. You need to be made whole, which involves getting the right meds, and getting reimbursed for what happens as a result of her actions. It does not involve her getting fired, or your being told about what happens to her. They can do that, but they don't have to, and they don't have to tell you what they do to her. No matter what happens, I'd file a complaint with the [Florida Board of Pharmacy]() against this particular tech. Is it the national chain that is like CBS or the other one? So I would document. And I would take to Twitter and lay out the issue and tag the chain. yes Is this a national chain? Time to start documenting everything. Including the trip to the ER. Go to a different pharmacy, and/or speak to the pharmacist's management. the overall store manager was off. The pharmacist thinks she is god, she said "I'm not afraid, you can't do anything to me. I've been a pharmacist for 17 years."  How is she not fired is what? If her own manag3r sees this and doesnt fire her...