 While talking about motorcycles with a coworker, I told him he could try it. He’s very close with one of my other coworkers and so she came along. I let him ride it after explaining the controls, and he did fine. Next, the other coworker asked if she could try too, and I said sure. It’s a 200cc very small motorcycle with only 15hp and I didn’t believe anything serious could happen in an empty parking lot. She ended up jumping a curb and hitting a pole, and ended up in the hospital. I think she may have been trying to “one up” my other coworker and go faster and such. I did nothing to encourage her to push herself, and I’ve taught multiple people how to ride that motorcycle with no issues. Anyway I’m concerned about potentially being sued for her hospital bills due to it being my motorcycle. If it makes any difference, I told her the controls, and lent her my helmet and gloves. After she was injured, I did all I could to help, flagged down the ambulance, and gave the EMTs and police all the information I could. Also, the motorcycle is very tough and mostly undamaged. I haven’t done any repairs yet in the hope of proving a mechanical malfunction wasn’t the cause. She or her family hasn’t said anything regarding asking me to take financial responsibility, but the bill hasn’t come yet either. I’m worried about being screwed for trying to be friendly and share a hobby with my coworkers. It is insured, but I am concerned about the health insurance company trying to push it on to me as I may be liable. I unfortunately didn’t get a large insurance plan, and it’s only $10k bodily injury and $10k uninsured motorist. I’m not sure if those will add to each other or will just be a total of $10k. Because of that, I’m concerned the bills could exceed that amount and I have to pay the rest. Also, the pole is fine so I’m only worried about medical bills. IIRC the cutoff for "road legal, requires insurance" in Florida is 149cc. For all registration and insurance purposes, it's a motorcycle.  If the bike is insured, yes that may be the case. But I saw 15 HP and assumed it was a backyard type of bike that doesn't have insurance.  Why are you giving bad advice? They lent the motorcycle they own to someone with their consent, why would the owners insurance not apply here? Think twice before "teaching" friends how to operate potentially dangerous equipment. This advice courtesy of a gun range I've been involved with for years Let's say it wasn't a motorcycle and it was just a regular bike and they did the same thing. It would be silly that you'd be responsible for their own actions. Same thing as a motorcycle. They don't have a case against you. Their own insurance needs to handle this. 