 A bit of backstory here. I lost my job a few weeks ago, but I've been homeless since the beginning of December. I've been living out of my car, and often use restaurant Wi-Fi. I was only in there for about 30 min and the lot has a 2 hour limit. I've never slept in their lot either. I even got a soda before sitting down to use their WiFi and they called to get my car towed. Now the tow company wants $180+$20 a day. I don't know what to do. How can I get my car back without paying? rob the restaurant It's the heart that matters more Gets right to the heart of matters Just an FYI: most courts have a process to waive filing fees for those who can’t afford them. It’s usually just some minor paperwork. Source: I am a lawyer.  Money that OP can't pay upfront in the first place I meant to say legal fees. Becausenfiling a small claims suit cost money. You can't get an award for attorney's fees in Small Claims Court unless you're a corporation because attorneys aren't allowed to represent individuals. Also, you can't get an award for representing yourself, even if you happen to be an attorney. It was probably freaking Lincoln, that town has the shadiest tow company ever! I lived there eight years and had my car towed three times. Never anywhere else (Ohio, California). It's ridiculous! IANAL, but I started searching and found out about something called “lien laws.” In some states, like California and Arizona, the tow company has to give you your car back immediately if you show proof of ID and ask for a bill to be sent to you. Does anyone know if you can do this in Nebraska? [removed] [removed] If there is a security camera or you have a receipt from a pos parking meter, take it to small claims court Any chance you are in AZ? If you are, it's illegal to hold your vehicle ransom. You can call the police if they refuse to return your vehicle. They'll threaten you with a collections in your credit report, but if you make payments or something. Also, they normally lower the price once you point out you know this law. Somewhere in Middle America? You won't need a lawyer in small claims Don’t give up.  Get the video proof and pay. Then go file a suit in the small claims court. Sue them for the price of the tow and lawyer fees. His post history is heartbreaking. He posted a couple weeks ago asking what would happen to the co-signer of his student loans if he were to die. I hope he’s able to pull through this.  Ty. I'll check it out. There's an app I've been using called easy shift. It's doing simple audits in stores for base pay plus a fee per display. I've made almaost 75 in 2 days. But I live in an area that doesn't have a lot of shops. If you are in a highly populated area you could easily make this. I know it's not much but it might help also survey merchandiser I think it's called. Do you have a phone and PayPal? Not legal advice, but if you’re in Lincoln, look into the People’s City Mission for a place to stay. If you’re in Omaha, I believe there’s an equivalent called the “Open door mission”. They hopefully should be able to get you out of the cold and may have some resources you can use. u/randomlight5959 , do you happen to be in Omaha? Duty to mitigate doesn’t mean duty to do impossible things. I don’t think there is anything preventing you from suing prior to retrieving the car if you are unable to retrieve it. But you do have to act fast as they won’t keep it impounded forever. Holy shit you're a good dude. /u/randomlight5959 Send me the name and number of the restaurant, the name and number of the facility where the car is, and your name and phone number. IF your story checks out I want to pay for your car to get released.  I know many churches will give a motel voucher or might pay towards it. It’s not awesome, but we get families or people who stand outside with a sign. We’ve always helped, whether buying a gas card/Walmart gift cards for a family stranded on the way to family after losing work. If it’s not straight cash you need, you’re much more likely to get help. But, urban areas are usually much less giving.  what is the current bill? I would like to help. I hope my PM went through to you You should just post on different subreddits maybe someone will help that lives close by. Another alternative is to pan handle at a busy high way entrance or exit, a gas station, or busy intersection. You don't have any family, friends, former co workers or anything that can maybe help either? I know it's my only option, but it means I have no options. I have no possible way of getting enough money to get my car back so I have no idea what to do That's your only option. Even if you're in the right here, you have a duty to mitigate your damages by getting the vehicle out (by paying) immediately.   Short answer. You're not.  It's alright. I tried the police, the restaurant and the tow company. No one cares. I don't even care anymore. Sorry man, ive befriended a few homeless people who pan handled at my store and i know that your car is your life line right now. You can call the police and report the car stolen, but im pretty sure once they run the tags they'll see its been impounded and that will most likely be the end of it. You can try to go to the tow company and give them your best sub story, and they may let you retrieve some of your possessions, but thats really up to their discretion. Good luck man hope it works out for you. Yeah I know you're right, but when I say I have no money I mean no money. No credit, about $17 in cash to my name. Everything I owned was in the car including most of my clothes. I have no favors to call in.  Yeah I figured, but you definitely won't be able to afford later at 100 bucks a week storage, do what you can, sell any posessions you have, call in favors, whatever it takes. Basically its private property and they dont have to let you park there at all for any amount of time. Its really your only play here. As someone else said maybe you can try to sue later, but that's a long shot I called the non emergency number and they said it wasn't a police issue. I'm realizing I'll have to pay to get it back, but I don't have the money and it gets more expensive everyday. They said I was parked over the time limit. I just don't have the money to pay it right now and it's just unfair. I didn't think you were being insensitive. Thanks though Realistically, unless the police are willing to get involved, you are going to need to pay now and try to sue them later.  Did the restaurant tell you why they had it towed?? Not what your looking for, but cheapest/easiest/fastest way... Pay the 200 bucks cut your losses and find a new restaurant to mooch off of (not trying to be insensitive).