 Hey, guys. I need some advice regarding an issue: A few months ago, I had to go to the ER after having an allergic reaction. It was supposed to be covered by the Hartford as worker's comp. While there, someone came in for my insurance info. I told her it was worker's comp, but she ignored that. I foolishly gave her my primary insurance information when she asked. I kept telling her it was worker's comp throughout the process, though. The next day, I started the claim process with the Hartford. They were great, and made sure to get all of the information they needed. Not too long after, though, the hospital billed my primary insurance, despite the numerous times they were told about the worker's comp. The Hartford had that payment reversed and made their settlement payment. And then the bills started coming in. Despite the Hartford paying (and settling the account), the hospital has been trying to collect the rest of the balance from me. Numerous bills and subsequent calls resulted in nothing. The bill even reflects the Hartford's payment, meaning they processed that payment and cashed the damn check! The Hartford knows they paid, and the problem is 100% the fault of the hospital. In November, the hospital started threatening to send me to collections, as they said the balance was 90 days late. I immediately sat on hold for an hour to speak with someone in the billing department, who told me that she also sees the Hartford's payment. She told me she was escalating the bill/issue to be investigated. Assuming things were going to be settled, I asked for the itemized bill to be sent to me again and for a follow-up call during the investigative process. Until today, I heard nothing. Today, I got ANOTHER bill for the full amount, which lists the Hartford as a "commercial payment". However, it clearly shows their paid amount! At this point, I'm having anxiety attacks over this, I've had to leave work several times to try to deal with this, and I have no idea what to do anymore, as this is just outright predatory at this point. What should I be doing? Calling them has gotten me nowhere this far. I don't owe this money, and I certainly can't afford it.  Yea, they can't do this. Workers comp here gets paid in a fee schedule. They cannot balance bill you. You really need to contact the workers compensation agency itself and report this. You can call or email. You’re right, this is approaching being predatory. If it were me, I would try to visit the hospital in person. It’s going to be harder for them to ignore issues they have caused if it’s staring them in the face. I also recommend posting this issue to r/insurance. There many insurance professionals who have experience with issues like that on that subreddit. 