 Necessary context: my bathroom floor had just been repaired due to water damage. This repair had taken multiple business days and we received notice from maintenance staff yesterday (Monday) that the repair was done. They did add that they were waiting on trim to come in, and they would inform us when it did and they were ready to install it. Today (Tuesday) I come home and there is an envelope in my door with a thank you note from management and two gift cards, one for me and one for my roommate. I walk in and feel particularly cold, and the ambient street sounds from my bedroom sound strangely loud. I find that one of my windows in my room is open. I did not leave it open. It's winter in Minnesota. Later, while picking up clothes on my bedroom floor (it's a bit cluttered), I find a shard of glass that looks like it was part of a mason jar. Now, I have two cats and I would not put it past them to break a mason jar, but I did not have a mason jar in my room this morning. There are no other pieces of glass in my room to be found. Even later, I find paper towels with bits of glass in our recycling bin (which is a cardboard box we keep in the kitchen). There is new trim in the bathroom, but we were not informed that this installation was happening today. I also find the open window and glass shard very concerning. Did they enter our apartment illegally? I'm not sure how to go about documenting this with management. Do you want money? Do you want to break your lease? I’m a Minnesota attorney who has done a lot of work in housing court and honestly you are being very petty. I'm just not sure how to bring this up with management, or the amount of documentation I need to provide. To leave a disturbance in the residence is pretty uncharacteristic of maintenance staff. They also usually leave a note documenting when they do repairs, and had been notifying us via text about the stages of the bathroom repairs before today. The evidence that someone was in my bedroom when the only repair was in the bathroom has me a bit weirded out. Also that they tried to clean up (?) broken glass and did not inform us of anything breaking, or that anything was broken upon entering (if one of my cats did knock the jar and break it). I want to be able to prepare for my landlord's response to this documentation. Not sure what sort of reaction to expect from them as this is the first time something like this has happened with a repair. Also not completely sure what the legality of this was, as in MN landords have to provide "reasonable notice" with regard to entering the premise for a repair. So what are your short and long term goals here? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.