 I recently lost my job, and missed a few months of the house payment which her dad covered. As of today I have a new job, and will be able to cover the missed months with my income tax. I'm furious that I wasn't even asked about her living her. The sisters husband is a lawyer and something happened that caused her to not want to live in their house anymore. What are my options for not having her live here? I don't want her to be able to claim inhabitant rights or whatever. You're in a pretty bad spot. It sounds like your fiance (F) and the dad (D) are not going to just throw sister (S) out of the house. In a normal situation, you can evict her. However, you have a ton of other factors involved and should probably go post this to r/relationshipadvice because making the wrong move here could really strain things with your fiance and future family in law You don't have a formal agreement- thats horrible. You're not renting to own. You're just giving D money. There's nothing in place to protect you and there's no agreement in place that eventually you'll get the house. As a result, you're legally just a month to month tenant with D as your landlord and no lease. You're going to have to get D involved here, because of you try just kicking S out, you might have bigger issues on your hands if he tries to kick you out in return to give S a place to say. Remember how I said you're just a normal tenant? There's nothing stopping him from evicting you. I don't know what your relationship is like with him though. First things first, handling the issue with S. You're going to have to get F on your side and talk to D. Or you can try telling S that you can treat her as a tenant under you and collect rent from her. Beyond just this short term issue, you really need to get a signed agreement with you, F, and D. Your current arrangement will not hold up in court.  The police surely aren't going to do anything if the fiance wants her there. OP can't force her to sign a lease, especially if she's made an agreement with the property owner. He might be able to go after the landlord for double dipping, but if the sister isn't being charged rent there's no damages at this point. Since the sister and owner want her there, and I'm assuming there's no written record of anything, she's a guest or tenant right now, whichever better fits their needs. OP is behind on rent in a rent to own situation with a soon to be family member. So, turning this into a legal battle has little if anything to gain, but would poison his relationship with the fiance's family, possibly the fiance too, and in the worst case end in eviction and loss of all potential equity depending on what the RTO agreement looks like. Seems like this is a situation better discussed over coffee than with lawyers. Duuuude you have to execute that shit properly. If he were to die the day before you make the last payment you could lose everything, you could lose everything if it's a badly written/enforceable contract (home purchase contracts tend to have very specific rules)  That's at least as bad if not worse. You may have no ownership rights to the place at all, you obviously were supposed to pay a certain amount every month, you've failed to do so, it would be relatively easy to argue that the agreement is void and what you've paid so far is forfeit. If you are planning to fight the owner on something consult with a lawyer first. Well tell her you're not comfortable with it and that you're asking her sister to leave. Then call the cops for trespassing if she won't leave. Or put her on a lease and make her pay you two rent. There isn't a "real contract". We drew something up on our own terms that I have stored in an email somewhere but it's nothing too stipulating that has any clauses for missed payments or room mates or anything like that. What does your rent to own contract say? You should read it carefully before taking any action here, they usually heavily favour sellers/landlords. It is possible that your initial deposit and the portion of rent adding to the deposit could all be forfeit and you right to buy could be void if you have missed payments. My fiancee didn't make that call. I asked the sister if she already discussed this with my fiancee and she said yes. A few minutes ago on the phone my fiance said that they didn't discuss it but that she's okay with it.  Uhh...If your fiance made that type of call without you, you have bigger problems than a roommate. Do you have any kind of actual documentation? Lease? Contract?