 Hello, My ex-wife and I have joint legal and physical custody of our children. We filed a joint dissolution of marriage three years ago. Under our agreement, the kids live with me during the school year (in a foreign country) and visit her during summer and xmas breaks. Out of the blue, she sent me a demand letter today, instructing me to include her: "in all major decisions in the lives of our children, including education, religious upbringing, and medical treatment. I further demand to be involved in decisions about what schools they attend, medical treatment decisions, who provides in-home care, after-school and extra-curricular activities, locations of residences, locations of children’s vacations, and any other significant parenting decisions that are made about how our children are brought up." In my online research, I found this definition: (b) "Joint legal custody" means that both parents have equal rights and responsibilities, including the right to participate in major decisions determining the child's upbringing, including education, health care, and religious training. (MN Statute 518.003 (3)(b)) My understanding is that "Major Decisions" is largely concerned with long-term issues and not day-to-day issues. Her request to be involved in decisions about childcare, after-school and extra-curricular activities, vacations, etc. seems to me to be outside the scope of our Joint Custody, especially considering our geographic distance. I would really appreciate any opinions or experience of how courts have considered or defined "Major Decisions" in any state, but especially in MN, as I formulate a response to her letter. Thanks in advance! Thank you, this confirms a lot of what I was thinking, and makes total sense. I appreciate your thorough reply. Oh I definitely keep everything. I've been politely telling her she's unreasonable for years. Thanks for your input! IANAL, but I am a former guardian ad litem and I worked in Minnesota. Major decisions generally means broad choices education, health, and religion. Examples include: where a kid attends school, whether they need special education services, whether they should enroll in summer school if the school recommends it, what doctor they go see for their annual checkups, whether the doctor performs elective care (things that aren't medically necessary like cosmetic surgery, or things where two doctors give you differnt opinions about whether something is medically necessary), what religion the child is raised in, and what religious traditions they observe. Major decisions generally do not include day-to-day educational, health, and religious choices. Examples include: whether you call the teacher to check up on the kid's homework, which teachers you meet with at conferences when your kid is doing fine accademically, which clinic you go to when the kid gets a runny nose, whether the kid gets excused from school to go to the doctor, the date of the annual checkup, whether you attend morning or afternoon church service, whether you have to go EVERY week if there's family in town one week and you want to spend time with them instead, etc. The way to think about it is, both parties get to participate in deciding how the child lives, but neither party gets to dictate how the other party lives except what's necessary. So, you get to drive the kid to school or have them take the bus based on what's reasonable for you as a physical custodian, you get to take them to the nearest minute clinic based on what's convenient for you as a physical custodian, and you get to flex the religious activities based on the other needs that arise in your household as the physical custodian. What's reasonable is related to the distance between homes. The further the homes are, the more latitude the physical custodian has for deciding what is reasonable - if your ex lived next door, then she might have a claim to say that she wants to take the kid to church if you decide not to go one weekend. A couple nuances to note: There are some middle-ground things that are not quite routine but not exactly major. Examples include whether your kid goes on a field trip, whether they get a vaccine that may be required by school but is not quite 'medically necessary, wether they celebrate a particular religion in a particular way (like whether they follow dietary restrctions for lent or just do all the other stuff). You have to use your judgement on these ones. There are also emergency situations where custody rules just don't apply. Kid gets kicked out of school for punching somebody? You go meet with the teacher and sort it out later and expect that the courts will back you.Your kid gets hit by a car? Doesn't matter if you are custodial or non-custodial or joint custodial, you authorize the hopsital to do what it needs to do and you sort it out later and expect that the courts will back you. If you have all those records of what you have conveyed to your ex and emails regarding decision making on schools, etc., then you should be able to adequately defend any motion she brings for contempt for failing to include her in real major decisions like school, etc. The demand to include her in all day to day decision doesn't sound like it's an order of the court though, so realistically you shouldn't need to abide by it unless it is made an order of the court. If she tries to make that an order of the court, fight that and use your proof of communications and cooperative decision making to do so. I would politely find a way to let her know she is being unreasonable for asking for control over day to day decisions. Maybe you two can do family counseling over the internet to make this happen. It could be that she has expressed some preference (i.e. music lessons for a child) that did not happen, and she feels like she does not have input. What you are suggesting is minor day to day life decisions. In most cases that would be left up to you. It wasn't clear that your Ex lived 2000 miles away. If that's the case I would go ask the courts for sole decision making, if push comes to shove. No judge would deny the fact that making decisions from 2000 miles away is beneficial to the kids. My Ex won't change, we are back in court 3rd time in 4 years. I have to pay the lawyers 40k deposit to fight a jury trial next. I'm sorry to hear that you have an ex who doesn't tell you things. That's not me. I send my ex a weekly report of our day-to-day activities, including what the kids ate, interesting things they did or said, how they spent their time, etc., along with lots of photos. Last year the total word count of these reports was just under 37,000. In addition, I send a second weekly report covering school, health, and any personal issues, broken down by child. I scan and send all the reports they receive from teachers, I take notes at parent-teacher conferences and send a readout, report cards, videos of school programs, etc. She Skypes weekly with the kids as a group, and separately on an individual basis. We discussed at length which school they would attend and decided together. Neither of us is religious, so that isn't an issue. There haven't been any major medical decisions to make in the last three years. ...which is why her email came as such a surprise. She isn't asking me to TELL her things. She's asking to be involved in day-to-day decision making from 2,000 miles away. I'm asking for a legal opinion on the definition of "Major Decisions" to know if I'm supposed to be consulting her on the locations of our weekend trips, or if the kids can have a play date, or who I hire for babysitting, or my meal planning. It sucks that your ex isn't communicative; it sounds really painful. I hope s/he finds a reason to make a change. Yeah. My Ex is like you. Doesn't tell me shit. Consider this, if you die this evening, would you want your co-parent to know details of your child's life? If yes, then please tell them everything they ask.