 First off, sorry for any formatting I'm on mobile and dylslex. Me(28f) and my boyfriend(29m) have been renting a studio apartment and it was a minor surprise upon moving in that the cold water flow to the shower was almost none, I mean you can't even run a bath or run a shower off of the cold water alone. It's like an old man taking a piss. when we had the maintenance guy come to look at it, he kind of let slip that the previous tenant had this problem. Meaningg that they never bothered to fix it before renting it out again.he also insinuated that they really couldn't fix it right now because they would have to tear the whole shower apart as it's a shower liner to get it fixed so like I guess having to move us out of the apartment? Then we had a problem with the toilet. wich seems to be a high pressure toilet? I'm not sure what that means.it has like a black plastic tank with in the porcelain tank. Its shooting out water at the base of the tank every time you flush. the maintenance man basically went "well we can't get the same kind of toilets right now, you really don't want us to change it out. " in both these instances he kind of inferred that they would have to take a bathroom out of commission so would be more of a hassle to us so we really wouldn't want to do this. And I just now realized that I mean I've been trying to maintain it but not that hard but it is getting moldy because of it. are lease ends April 1st and we recently talked to them about trying to transition to a one-bedroom apartment as we have a studio with them right now. and we were told that there would be nothing available but they would check with their sister site. I looked online there are units available in both locations that are one bedrooms. So really at the end of this what my question is is can I use this as leverage against them to try and get us into a better apartment. or at least use it as leverage to get them to fix the bathroom that I have now if I'm going to be stuck with them for another year. it should be noted we did just try to move somewhere else and Sadly after a hard knocks year our credits not good enough to get anything else. I appreciate any pointers or tips or anything anyone has to offer. 