 My landlord has now given me two separate two day notices to enter my apartment. I am not contesting the two day notice but curious about the time frame they give to enter my apartment. The hours are between 8:30am and 5:30pm which is within the lease terms of reasonable time of entry. What I am curious about is the amount of days they are giving me notice for. The first two day notice had a span of 01/08/2019 - 01/22/2019 anytime within the hours stated. I have just received a second one now with dates 01/24/2019 - 01/28/2019. How many days are allotted with that two day notice? If it is unlimited, couldn't they essentially give me a two day notice for the rest of my lease agreement? The language of the law state that it should be a reasonable amount of time to enter the premises. I personally, feel that allowing someone to enter my home for essentially two weeks with no other prior notice of when puts me in a bad spot as a renter that prefers to be home during the slotted time. I have had stolen items in the past that I was not able to recover (not asking for advice here). So to me this is not a reasonable amount of time. However I do understand my personal opinion doesn't hold much weight as I am not planning on fighting this if there is not a clear reason why they should not legally be allowed to give me notice for that many consecutive days. Rules the notice cites: A.R.S 33-1313 and 33-1343. I am in Arizona and live in Maricopa County, City of Phoenix. Hope I gave all the info needed. I have enjoyed reading other posts on this sub for a long time now and really appreciate all the good responses to peoples legal issues.  It's going to come down to what is reasonable. For example, a wide window like that probably wouldn't be reasonable for a landlord that only owns one house that he rents out. In likely is reasonable for an apartment complex that has to replace the toilet in every apartment in the complex, since they can't know for sure how long it's going to take. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.