 itles says it all - a really stressful experience become really horrible, they held her belongings for a few days as well as doubling the initial quote. these guys are scam artists her review is here is below - the company is called Budget Van Lines - based at this address (there are a few) 9081 W Sahara Ave #100, Las Vegas, NV 89117 I dont seem to be able to post her review here - I was hoping people could vote up that would be helpful and stop these bastards from scaring others - put the link in comments wondering what else she can do? any help is greatly appreciated ! her review :. MOVING SCAM, beware. If look carefully through the reviews on Twitter, Facebook and the rest, these people aren't just complaining about clumsy movers or about a few damaged items. They are complaining about deceptive and manipulative sales practices resulting in doubled estimates and $700 rescheduling fees. Glassdoor is the most telling, where one person who worked there complained of unethical sales practices amongst co-workers and another described them as "sharks". This is not a matter of damaged furniture. This is systematic theft, holding property hostage to shake down people who just want their things back. My experience: Someone named "David" gave me a low ball quote that I later found out was based on a move half the square footage I very clearly described to him over three conversations. As a result, the van line brought a van that was too small and told me halfway through the move that it would be double the cost and that they would have to charge me for two runs in the van. The same experience is documented over countless reviews. They managed to cram everything in and were as annoyed as I was about the misinformation, since they would have brought an appropriately sized truck. A $2,000 estimate became $3,500 and mysteriously, no one at Budget Van Lines answered my calls. The next day, they put me with a different sales person, "Jasmine," whose name I will repeat as I go to sleep at night like Aria Starke. She told me that they had weighed the truck and it was a non-issue, since the price came in close to the estimate at $2,100. I was told that I would be informed when the van was on the road and be given 2 days notice. I was then told that the van hadn't left, then got a call from the mover at 7 pm that night to let me know that they were coming at 10 am the next morning. They also insisted on a cashiers check and I was informed that my bill was nearly double what I was told the week before. The "non-issue" was clearly still very much an issue. I called Budget and was shuffled to someone named "Chantal". I told her my bank takes 24 hours to make a cashiers check and they refused to acknowledge that I had less than 24 hours notice, accept a card or do anything to help. The movers drove on to Dallas, a city two hours away, and put everything I own in a storage facility, adding $700 to my bill. The total from the original $2,000 estimate is now over 4,100, my belongings have been put in storage twice without permission and I still haven't gotten anything I own. I was promised redelivery today but all I've been able to find out is that the person who was supposed to deliver them is back in New Jersey. Since I posted this review, no one will return my phone calls, let me know where exactly my belongings are being stored or when they will arrive, despite the fact that I have a right to know under federal law. We will see what new fresh hell they put me through before this is over. They will lie to your face and put a different thing on paper, then direct you to a new person who will point to the paper when you complain. They ignore anything in writing that provides you with any rights but are absolute sticklers for anything that benefits them. When they aren't lying to bilk more money out of you, they are charging you for their own inept mistakes. They won't allow you any communication with the van line itself, but will relay mistaken information. They will then have someone named "Star" pretend to "investigate", documented in endless reviews, who somehow always concludes that Budget is not at fault. A farce. Go directly through a moving service. They might be just as shady, but at least there won't be three layers of removal from the people actually in possession of your things, allowing for a much greater degree of deception and manipulation. I will update once I actually see my belongings and continue to post everywhere I can. Budget victims, please review and make your experiences known. Every moving company has mixed reviews, but there is a big difference between broken furniture and outright fraud. 1 CommentShareEdit PostSaveHide  []() link to review to vote up - if you think this is helpful?