  In highschool (2016-2017) I started getting really interested in Cryptocurrency and (with permission) installed Bitcoin mining software on all the schools computers. Needless to say my $0 investment paid off when my portfolio was worth 6 figures in December of 2017. I didn't have a bank account at the time and there weren't any Bitcoin ATMs in my area so I mostly found ways to spend the Bitcoin, I bought a fair amount of counterfeit clothing off the dark web because it's not illegal to buy counterfeit clothing for personal use (I never sold any counterfeit clothing). Well one day I get a letter from customs that they seized my package of counterfeit yeezys so I stopped buying counterfeits. I always told people if they asked that my clothes were counterfeit, so I got a reputation. Fast forward to my Senior year some kid bought prop hundred dollar bills off Amazon to flex on Snapchat and handed a few out to me and my friends, well some of the kids start passing them at stores (I never did) but somebody told the police I bought them off the dark web, and used them to buy prepaid Visa cards, a car, a motorcycle etc. The police start investigating without ever contacting me, they find the Visa cards were bought legit, the car was bought legit, the guy I bought the motorcycle from contacts me about the police inspecting the money, I try contacting them to defend myself but they don't respond and continue trying to secretly get enough evidence to get a search warrant. Some time passes and one of my friends gets arrested for passing a prop hundred, he says by accident, I believe him because he told me before how he always kept some of them in his wallet in case someone mugged him. Well the secret service gets involved, they search his phone and find messages between us referring to Bitcoin: him: "lets go to Asia with all the fake moneys" me: "yeah man". I know fake money is a suspicious way to refer to Bitcoin but that's what he always calls it, why would we go to Asia with prop hundreds USD? They search my mom's apartment, where I had already moved out and was off the lease but some of my stuff was still there and they find prop money. My mom calls me frantic, I agree to meet with the secret service at my lawyers, they arrest me for "possession of forgery devices" and take my laptop. 3 months later I go to my dispositional conference, my lawyer wants to take it to trial because we could challenge the warrant and it's prop money, there's no evidence I was planning on passing it off as authentic, but the DA dismissed the case for "lack of evidence". Now a few weeks have passed and I just got my laptop back and the hard drive is locked and the secret service isn't helping me get access to it, I have alot of cryptocurrency in a cold wallet on my hard drive that I'm not sure I'll be able to recover if I have to replace the HD. This ordeal has negatively affected my public image and cost me tens of thousands of dollars all over prop money, can I sue?