 First, I am not a federal employee. I work for a federal contractor. Nearly all of our contracts are with federal clients. Because of the shutdown, all of our funding sources are put on hold. My employer announced that starting January 14th, we will be working on a reduced hour and pay schedule, down to 60% of our usual hours and pay, and that will continue until further notice, presumably until the government shutdown ends and we get funding back. Are there any laws that say my employer will have to back pay my lost wages once we get our funding back? I am a salaried worker, who agreed to work for a specific annual dollar amount. This is in Virginia. Unless they have a contract for it. But that's highly doubtful. A bill passed the Senate today to give backpay to federal contractors. Something to watch the nect few days. I both have the flu and am an idiot. Your name checks out. The employees who are working must absolutely be paid, it’s the employees who are not working who wouldn’t have to be. However, the Senate passed a backpay bill today, the House has said it will and the President has also said he will sign it, so all actual federal employees will get back pay. Nope. There aren't even laws that say that Federal employees who are working without pay are required to be paid back; it's been done by Congress every time, but it's not statutory. In general an employer must notify you in advance of a salary change. I don't know if VA has a specific number of days or pay periods, but for salaried employees I expect it could be as short as "before the next day". It sounds like they're making it "at the start of the next 2-week pay period". A 40% reduction in pay would probably [make you eligible for partial unemployment benefits.]() On the one hand, VA has a lot of government workers and contractors so they may want to waive the "look for work" requirement. On the other hand, there are so many, it's a question about whether the VA unemployment system can handle the surge in cost.  Nope. And they are not considered "lost" wages so much as a change in your wage, which (absent a bona fide contract stating otherwise) they are free to change at will. Let's hope for a swift end to this shutdown!   Count yourself lucky. A friend of mine is a government contractor in Virginia and her work site has been closed since the shutdown because there are no essential GS personnel at her work site. Everyone who works there has to take either PTO or LWOP. Yes this is legal and it's just something you have to expect and plan for periodically as a contractor. You can file for unemployment, that’s it. They have no obligation to pay you for work you don’t do and could fire if you rather than reducing hours if they wanted.