 I moved into a new apartment this year (Washington state), and after a few months, I discovered mold growing on everything I own – EVERYTHING. Clothing, furniture, luggage, mattresses, couch, picture frames, windows, base boards, shelves – EVERYTHING. The damage is extensive and expensive – I have either had to already throw out nearly everything I own, or will need to dispose of it before moving somewhere else as the mold has embedded itself into porous fabric and wood/particle board. \[See []() for picture of mold on nightstand – imagine this Everywhere...\] I promptly notified my landlord both via voicemail and in writing, and have continued to do so over the past FOUR MONTHS. They still have not adequately addressed the issue, nor have they compensated me for damages or any of the costs to rectify the situation in lieu of them taking proper action. They originally placated me with visual inspections and literally vacuuming a ventilation fan and calling it good. Eventually, they performed a moisture assessment and claimed there was no issue – but then installed temporary industrial dehumidification equipment and gave me 5 minutes notice to vacate the unit for several days while it was running. After a couple months, they replaced a ventilation fan with a different model that only minimally vents the bathroom, but still does not address the rest of the unit. My renters’ insurance performed their own moisture assessment and reported a high moisture wall in the bedrooms, along with a broken/insufficient ventilation fan, as the cause of the mold. Unfortunately, the insurance policy does not cover this, but they recommended that dehumidifiers run continuously to maintain a humidity level below 40% throughout the unit. I had to purchase my own dehumidification and HEPA air purification equipment to support this, as my landlord claims there isn’t an ongoing issue. The icing on the cake is that I’ve been suffering some pretty gnarly health effects including rashes and respiratory illnesses, including lost time from work, over the past few months. I’m at my wits end – this has been expensive, demoralizing, and I need out of my lease as this is unlivable. I’m not sure if this is a lost cause and I’d just continue to lose more money by going to an attorney, or if this is a clear case where my landlord should compensate me for the damages/costs. Advice? Most counties in WA state come down really hard on landlords for mold like this. Call your county health department pronto.  That's what I meant by keep the rent. I should have said put it in a separate account. If they withhold rent, it likely should be placed in escrow. If there is mold then the space is not liveable and (depending on where you live) you can withhold rent until the problem is fixed. Send a letter (keep a copy) to your landlord informing of the problem and that you are withholding rent until the problem is fixed (if you have to stay at a hotel then the landlord might have to pay for that. Keep money so you can pay later and make sure to report the house to whoever thanks care of code enforcement/ housing in your area. Also stat looking for a new place. Also you need more than five minutes of warning to vacate the property. I can be more specific if you tell me where you live. I'm not certain of all the details, but I briefly looked into the minimum window size requirements for ventilation and light (size per sq ft) and this unit seems to be short of the current requirements. They were likely grandfathered in under older codes, though, as this is an older apartment building. Even if the unit were 100% up to codes (either current or grandfathered), surely there's still an issue that they would be liable for since it's really not normal for mold to be growing this aggressively over everything in the unit? There are also a couple issues on the exterior of the unit (broken/disconnected gutters, moist ground/soil extending up the wall beyond the concrete foundation, etc.) that my renters' insurance inspection pointed out are exacerbating the unit's high moisture wall. So far, these have been unaddressed by the landlord despite months of written notice. so is the place up to code? get the city to inspect Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.