 I know my scenario is not as bad as everyone here but I am student and money is tight. I went downtown to celebrate an occasion and wore a $500+ goat suede leather jacket to the bar (which is a relatively high end bar/venue). To go upstairs in the bar, there was a "bouncer" who was stamping peoples hands. He stamped my hand, and the next day I realized he stamped the back of my jacket in several places. The ink from the stamp does not go away from goat suede despite cleaning in properly. I am very upset someone ruined a jacked I spent so much money on in such a malicious intent when I did nothing wrong. I called the place and they said to send pictures and they will tell the manager but I doubt they will do anything. What's my course of action? I spent $25 roughly on drinks and I was wondering if I can at least chargeback cause I dont want to give my money to some institution who treated me so poorly. The place/venue is decently high end however. you doing a chargeback because of poor service is theft because you received a product and consumed said product You paid for drinks, you consumed the drinks. If service was subpar then don't tip. There are two clear stamps and the rest of them are smudges. There was a group of people walking up the stairs so I am not certain about the speed but there is no other way the stamps could end at the back of my jacket and the stamps clearly match the one of my hand. I understand your skepticism but I cannot fathom another way these stamps ended on my jacket so clearly. Its not like someone could have been stamped on their hand and then rubbed it against my jacket to the point the numbers were so visible. This was clearly of malicious intent.  How many stamps are there? How quickly/slowly did you walk up the stairs? I'm just having a difficult time picturing how this would actually happen, let alone how it would happen without you noticing. I'm also having a hard time understanding why the bouncer would do this. And that makes me think there's a risk a judge may feel the same way. I'm not saying you're lying just that in a your word against theirs situation like this they may have a different version of events that's just as believable. You can always try though  Call and ask for the legal point of contact. That will likely make them pay attention. If they still continue to ignore you serve the business address once you've filed your claim. Do you believe this will happen? I don't think the manager will honestly care cause I haven't heard back from him as in high end venue I mean it wasn't a random bar and the drinks are expensive. It was in a good location but it is not a classy bar by any means. There is no chance the stamps are from other patrons rubbing off me since some of the stamps are so clear with the number of the stamps and I did not notice it initially but since the stamps are all on the back shoulder and lower back of the jacket the bouncer must have stamped my while I was going up the stairs. My jacket is semi-flashy. Remuneration, excuse me. Means to get paid back. If the jacket cost $500, and you have the receipt this could be pretty straightforward.  I'm taking regarding a credit card company. And credit cards do chargeback for poor or incorrect service  What exactly is a renumeration and do you think the owner of the club would do this? And do I have a case to take them to small claims court or is this just petty?  How do you know that it was the bouncer doing it deliberately and specifically that he did it on purpose because you "wore a nice jacket"? Did you notice him stamping you at the time? Did he say anything? If this is a high end venue as you describe it I'm fairly certain you wouldn't be the first person who wore a nice jacket there. Is it possible that the stamps are from other patrons rubbing off on you? Your recourse would be to sue the bouncer/venue in small claims but I have concerns about how you would prove it was him. You cannot chargeback for poor service. The bank wouldn't even allow it Contact the owner of the club and ask for renumeration. If you don't get it, take them to small claims.  's not what chargebacks are for.  i am charging back for poor service and damage to property. How is this not valid? I pay for the service and I received awful service  No, that's not what chargebacks are for.