 Neighbor is interested in buying our house. House will be bought “as is”. Neighbor is paying cash. We have a mortgage. Neighbor said since its cash it’s as simple as us going to the bank and they draw up paperwork and a click of a button and the money is transferred. I told him I will be getting a lawyer to cover all our asses which he is totally cool with, he was just surprised I suggested it. We will also be staying in the house after the sale while we look for another home. He’s cool with that, he doesn’t have any interest in “taking possession” anytime soon. He has an emotional investment in our house and since we were about to sell this would be his chance to buy. Do we even need a lawyer here? My husband mentioned the title company would handle the transfer. When I searched this sub I saw a suggestion to ask the title company for a lawyer recommendation.  You're fine - they're valid questions. Rent is typically taxed at the landlord's ordinary income rate so there may be reasons why the landlord wouldn't want to accept that. I've generally seen these deals just work the lease into the contract for the property. People like delayed closings because if the tenants (you) destroy the property they don't eat the loss. If neither of you guys care you don't need to delay it. Judges don't like $1 leases because it's clear something else is going on there. Depending on the value of the lease you can also trigger gift tax issues. A lease for a minimal amount may not protect you as much as an arm's length transaction (or a delayed closing/a lease back agreement / etc). If it's clear that a $1/month lease is part of a house sale agreement it's more likely to be viewed as a bona fide transaction. A lot of this is local/state specific, which is why the $300 or so that you'll spend for an hour's time will likely be worth it. And in case I am coming off bitchy, I really thank you for your advice. I’m going to get the lawyer. I don’t know why I even gave it a second thought.  K thank you, that is what I figured but when I searched this sub many of the comments said no lawyer needed in some similar situations. We won’t be delaying closing. We’d go immediately to transfer ownership, pay us the money. He just doesn’t care if we stay afterwards while we find our house in the new state.  So with the lease back agreement we should just make sure it’s market rate then? We were thinking of allowing money off the purchase price to account for it, but we have no problem paying the rent instead. Wasn’t sure if since he’d have to pay taxes on the rent of the money off the price was a better option.  An indefinite lease for a token sum of money is almost certainly going to cause problems. A leaseback agreement, delayed closing, or contingency would likely be the smartest way to handle it. Oh and I should add, no delay closing date. It will be nearly immediate of a sale, because we want it that way. We are moving across the country and want to have zero contingency when we are buying a house in our new location. We want to be making the strongest offer with the cash ready to back it. So the convenience of our neighbor not caring how long we stay, is worth a lot of money for us. The lease back, is that something a lawyer should oversee or can that be simple as well? What if the lease back is for $0 a month for X months. To protect both of our interests should we make it a $1 amount of something?  Title warranties and material condition warranties can come back to bite you hard. Your deal for a lease back / delayed closing can cause issues too. You're already saving 6% on a Realtor. Unless you're hell bent on accepting risk you really should at least get a rationality check of your process. The price is right, that isn’t a concern. Thanks for looking out though. What rights would I be wanting to protect? I am okay with paying for a lawyer if necessary but what rights am I protecting as a seller? What could he come back with after the close to take legal action? The house will be some completely “as is”  You want one to protect your rights. The costs are likely minimal and when you're talking about a lease back agreement (you close and stay in the property) or a delayed closing date you will want to understand your risks and obligations. You should price the property with a few different Realtors. FSBOs tend to underperform Realtor listed properties. I suspect much of that is because a FSBO situation typically draws people who are deal hunting. You might want to see if a really high performance Realtor will take the listing and exempt a sale to the neighbor from commission obligations. If a way better offer comes in, walk. 