 The way the account is set up, no one but my wife is supposed to be able to access it. Her dad had to go before a judge to access it to buy her a car. Her family, mostly her dad's side, really wants her to stay in our hometown. We both want to leave Mississippi. Her dad has spent the last few years lying about how much money was left in the account and not telling her anything else about it. When she turned 21 and was supposed to be able access the account, her dad didn't tell her about it and re-activated the CD for the next year so she couldn't. Fast forward to now, she still hasn't gotten into it (mostly out of fear of her family.) We are planning on getting it later this month when it becomes available without a fee. We want to bring it into our personal shared savings account. We've decided to use it to pay off some debts and a down payment on a house far away. Her dad has recently been talking about adding his and her older brothers name on the account. If they do add their names onto the CD, would they be able to get the money out and strand us in this town? Personally, I am suspicious about the timing of all this. Her dad didn't start talking about adding names on it until after we starting talking about moving away. My wife is freaking out, she's never been able to stand up to them and I'm worried she's gonna give in and we'll be stuck. Get the money out as soon as possible. If your wife won't, that's a relationship issue, not a legal one. Sounds like you need to think about divorce if she's going to financially ruin herself for her family. You can be with her, but you shouldn't be legally tied to her if she's a doormat who rather bleed you both financially. Let her know your bottom line- if she wants to be a blackhole financially and you're okay with it- suck it up. If you don't want to struggling as she destroys your marriage for these people- let her know divorce is on the table. You can leave the state without her and find someone who more mature and responsible.  't tell her about it and re-activated the CD for the next year so she couldn't. Why did he do this? Yes. This is what should happen. Interest rates are so low that a CD is a crap financial instrument anyways. The penalty will be minimal and not likely to eat into the principle. They want to be on the account so that they can take out as much as they want. They don't need to be on the account to get money. Your wife can take money out and give it to them. Switch the money to a different bank. Don't share any with them. They are trying to take advantage of you. Her mom save that money for her, not them. She can withdraw her CD early, tomorrow even. There's nothing illegal about it. She would have a penalty, which is basically forfeiting some of the interest paid since the last renewal. IMO, it would be worth the penalty to get ahead of it and withdraw it now, when it's not expected and transfer it to an account at another bank. You need to go to the bank yourselves and see if you can get other names removed from it ASAP. If you can’t, then you need to talk to the bank about seeing what they can do to prevent more names from being added to the account. Then, on the day you can withdraw the money without penalties, you need to be waiting at the bank when it opens to withdraw that money. I would have your wife go in person to the bank without her father/brothers and let them know that under no circumstances will they be getting added to the account and have a note written on the account to ensure no employee allows it. See I thought that too, but we got the account balance on it and it seems to still be on there. But we will definitely be getting a full history when we get it out.  's never been able to stand up to them and tell them no. They she should just kiss all of the money goodbye, because they will just take all of it. She can have all of it, or $0.00. Her choice. And then that account is going to be completely drained. Your wife is going to be a victim to them her whole life if she cant bring herself to tell them no about this, and is this something you really want to deal with the rest of your life? I’d be worried that the dad got out more than the amount necessary for a car after getting permission from a judge and that may be a reason he didn’t want your wife to get access so she wouldn’t know yet. That’s a relationship issue not a legal one. She needs to grow a backbone and tell them no Delete this or I'm going to add myself to your Reddit account and delete it myself. /s Basically they will guilt her into doing it, she's never been able to stand up to them and tell them no. They were talking about adding the brother (who was already grown and married when their mom died) as a beneficiary on the account. How or why do they think they can add their names? Can't she go to the bank in person, and make sure she has access, and that she's the only one with access?