 Some background information I work at a harvest location we work when farmers work so during harvest we are working 16 hour days 7 days a week sometimes so that is why I went with a gap in seeing her. Not because I choose too. I tried to keep in contact via FaceTime, calling etc. her mother then began to say things like the child is busy or she is asleep or she’s playing or she would put cartoons on when I called my child and she would rather watch the tv then be on the phone. So once worked slowed down I asked to resume my normal visits witch are every Saturday over night and once a week or any time her mother is at work. At first we was agreeing to my visits and then the day before my first visit she changed her mind and said she would feel more comfortable if I seen her at a parenting time center. The only issue with that is I would have to pay for these visits witch are pricey and only 1.5 hours at a time and I’ve never giving any reason for my Visits to be supervised by a parenting time center. So I refused and contacted a lawyer. Our lawyer found her to be in contempt because she moved out of town without letting me know or giving me her new address, they then asked why my wife wasn’t allowed to pick up my child to maintain my visits while I was working long hours and I couldn’t give an answer other then the fact that the mother of my daughter refuses to let my wife pick her up so that brought up some more issues that concerned my lawyer. The lawyer filed some papers and set a court hearing. We attended the court hearing and both parties lawyers wanted to come to and agreement outside of the court room after waiting 2.5 hours on her to decide she doesn’t agree to my visitation outside of the parenting time centers. My lawyer offered her 3 weeks to change her mind and take our offer of phased in visits outside of the centers and if she didn’t agree we would go to trial months away because the court house is booked and we are expecting a another child with in the month. So here we are waiting until the end of April to go to a trial that they are first making us go in-front of someone to see if they can reach an agreement then if not the same day we let a judge decide. She on the other hand has done said she isn’t going to agree to anything other then the parenting time centers at all. I guess my question is is there anything I can do to get something set in place immediately to see my daughter because if we wait until the end of April that’ll be a year since I see my daughter and almost 7 months with lawyers involved. I ask every week for my Saturday visits recording what she says back witch is I’m welcome to use the parenting time centers for a visit. And I file a police report every Saturday that she doesn’t not show like my lawyer advised me to. I call the child every other night and talk to her on the phone and ask about her the days I don’t get to talk to her. My ex’s reasoning for her decision is because she feels my child will need physiological help if she lets me resume my visits without the parenting time centers. She also thinks she is in the right because she just started studying laws for school. And advice or similar situations and the outcome would be great. Thank you.  Ummmmmm no, this isn’t even a little bit right. This is not a matter where custody would be ripped from the parent who has had essentially 100% care for almost a year. No. Nope. Yes talk to your lawyer, and now the fact that you’ve posted on this issue publicly may make it discoverable in family court.  NAL - Sounds like you may end up with full custody. Keep doing what you are doing. I know it’s hard right now, but it’s going to be over eventually.  You have a lawyer, yes? Listen to your lawyer. That said, it sounds like you're taking the right steps. I know 4 more months is a long time to wait, but what she is doing will not reflect well on her at trial. You can ask your attorney about other options, including asking for her to be found in contempt, attorneys fees, make up visits for the time she made you miss, etc.  Doing what your lawyer advises you to do continue to be polite when you must talk to your ex and continue to try to talk to your daughter whenever you are permitted to. Her behavior is unacceptable and the courts will find it so but unfortunately the process is lengthy. 