 ///My apologies, long story ahead/// I have entered into a relationship with a person suffering from a TBI(Traumatic Brain Injury) a few months back, but his guardianship seems to border on abuse. He was a rear passenger in a car accident in 2007, aged 17. He doesn't seem nearly as bad off as they make him out to be, and I think I would know, seeing as I am staying with him basically all hours of the day/night. He does forget things, as his injury does have a short-term memory loss aspect. Regardless, his treatment seems pretty inappropriate, in my opinion at least. He lives without any sort of live-in aide, he can function on a daily level to the point of caring for pets, making his own phone calls, navigating, caring for the house, etc. Anyways, onto the parts I find inappropriate. He decided against having a vasectomy, and they basically commanded him to reschedule, which he refused due to a change or heart. Second, he is not allowed an operators license because he apparently has "bad reflexes"? No, also not true. They said he was not "medically cleared," but when he asked how he could get cleared, they said he could not. Can one evaluation really mean a lifetime of restriction? Furthermore, he has basically no say-so in his finances, even though the settlement he got was due to his personal injury. They even gave him a new bank card, but gave him no PIN, and refuse to do so, even though that's just for his weekly allowance. He and I wanted to go on a vacation to Miami Florida, but he was told that "we don't know her well," and then they set up an appointment(for today), to come meet me. It felt less like a meeting, more like an interrogation. They were taking notes the whole time, asking me for my driver's license and proof of insurance since I drive him places, etc. That I guess isn't out of the realm of appropriateness, but they seemed very aggressive/pushy. He has been unhappy with this guardianship for years, but they basically won't allow him any leeway. He even asked for a re-evaluation, but they said he could, but only if the doctor deemed it necessary at his next neurological appointment. He's also not allowed to get married, even with a legal contact to not have any of his money. I do not care about the money, let's make this clear, I just want him to be happy and have a somewhat normal life. I'm just wondering if there's any legal recourse... Maybe not even for a full removal of guardianship, but some sort of loosening of the grip, or even a different guardian. I'm more than willing to hire a lawyer, and I do have several thousand I can throw at this. I just want to know where to begin, if there's a specific type of lawyer I should talk to, etc. Thank you for your time, to anyone who has a suggestion or comment.