 Background: I'm 14 and I live with my Father (42), Mother (44), and sister (8), I also have grandparents who live about 1 mile away. My dad works at home but sometimes goes out on business trips. My mom is a housewife who is constantly power hungry and loves to get into arguments just for the sake of arguing (these arguments are screaming half the time.) I dont remember her throwing anything except one time she threw a plastic cup. My dad constantly complains about my mom to me and tells me that my mother likes to criticize everything that my dads family was doing wrong, and how her family was better in almost every way. She also loves to call americans fat and lazy, which I know isn't true (my mom is chinese by the way.) My dad had just left for a business trip and I went to a friends house. This argument started because my phone was dead. I called my moms cell with my friends phone and left a voice mail because she didn't pick up. The next day I spent half the day with my friend and had a completely normal day. Then when I get back at around 3:00pm I dont see anyone there so I go to my grandparents place. 2 hours later and mom and my sister picks me up and mom yells at me for not calling her even though I did on a friends phone. Once we get back to the house I go to my room to vent and after a little while tried to apologize (thinking it would make mom calm down). Mom told me to tell her after she had done excersising. I waited and as she comes up goes batshit crazy because she thinks I didn't do my homework. I tried to tell her that I did but she just continues to yell at me. I felt myself start to cry as she yelled at me to get everything out from my bag and told me to organize it when she finally heard me say that I did my homework. During dinner (me, mom, and my sister) mom decideds it would be a good idea to talk about how to never argue with her because she will kick me out of the house if I do. She was also ranting about what was wrong with america, my life, etc. After she was repeating how I should have called her, even though my phone was dead, I had tried to reply calmly but heard myself screaming (yes I know I shouldn't have said this) "I CALLED YOU, YOU BTCH!" I instantly knew that was the wrong thing to say after she looked at me for a second reached over the table, grabbed my glass and threw it on the ground (in my general direction) shattering it. My sister instantly started crying and ran to her room and my mom said that I would have to clean up the mess and she sat down staring at her phone. I quickly cleaned up and during that time she told me that if I said another word like that she would kick me out of the house. She also said something along the lines of how she didn't have any emotions and that next time she might throw it at me. When I brought up that anger was an emotion, Mom also said that her anger wasn't an issue which was clearly a lie. Mom also yelled at me repeatidly (she didnt force me but she was basically demanding) that I get out of the house because she didn't want me. I grabbed a set of clothing and my school bag and said goodbye to my crying little sister. My mom yelled after me to not let my grandparents call/text to her. I just called my grandparents after that. I am currently talking with my dad. I am now in my grandparents house waiting for tomorrow. What should I do? Is your sister safe with your mother? If yes, wait to act until you have a clear head. If no, ask every adult you know who has a realistic chance of getting your sister out of the house to go get her. If nobody will, then call the police and ask that they check on your sister's welfare. The police can call in child protective services. Since his parents are not divorced he should go through this with his dad. Emergency custody shoud be on his dads mind. Otherwise he and his sister may be taken from both parents. A plan should be in place before CPS is involved. Sure, the matter changes when lives or bodily harm are at stake, but we are not there yet. Your mother is an abuser. It can be difficult to break the cycle of abuse. You should call CPS so they can help your family become a safer place or find you somewhere else safe to stay. Every one here suggesting calling cps? I guess I was just raised a different way than you all. But if 14 year old me called my mom a bitch, a one or two night stay with my grandparents would seriously be the least of my worries.  This should go on r/raisedbynarcissists oh my god The first thing you should do is sleep. You've had a very traumatic few hours and need some rest. Tell your grandparents and your father everything that happened. They are responsible for your safety and should make the best decisions for that. However if they make you go back to your mom, and you feel unsafe, call the police immediately. Don't worry about anything else, your safety comes first and the police are the front-line help. Because dad can now move out and file for emergency custody. That would be how it figures into it  OP lives with both parents, but the father was on a business trip. Not sure how custody enters into it. Call your father see what him and his lawyer can do. If you cannot reach him, call CPS, or the police.  Before calling CPS,your dad should call his lawyer and discuss the possibility of filing a modification with a request for emergency custody. Some judges get testy when a parent calls CPS instead of filing.  You should probably start by calling CPS and notifying your dad. Not sure where to go from there. I'm sorry that all this happened to you. Your mother cannot kick you out of the house until you're 18. You should call the police and/or CPS (or whatever the equivalent is in your state) and report this to them. If you felt threatened during the incident, say that. Don't let anyone intimidate you from reporting this. Talk to your dad and your grandparents about your options.