 Hey guys! Doing some home renovations for the first time since I bought the house and I'm coming across a significant amount of Knob and Tube wiring (house in Ohio). This information was never provided in the disclosure statements during the signing process, nor did it come up in the inspection. Being that replacing this system could be expensive (Google says $8-15k), is there anything I could do about this or do I have to eat the cost? This is not something required to be disclosed by the homeowners but the home inspector you hired should have found it and disclosed it in their report. Obviously this did not happen and your home inspector could be liable but only for the cost of the home inspection which probably cost less than $500 so is it really worth making this an issue? Knob and Tube is not a big issue but if it bothers you, replace it as you encounter it through your renovations. If you are doing the work yourself, it isn't the big a deal or expensive to replace. IANAL. Agreed! I'll do some googling on Monday and see if I can't get to the bottom of things. Thanks! I think, in addition to checking the reports, you should ask a local real estate attorney whether they think knob and tube constitutes a "known defect" in Ohio. I'll have to go through and pull reports. Several cables are still live - I know of 3 or 4 series but I would imagine there are probably a few more active lines buried in the walls. Also plenty of terminated K T buried in the drywall. Several additions were installed before I purchased. I would imagine they'd have had to run into it when adding the additional bathroom. I haven't heard of any concern from my insurance provider and I don't think my rates are elevated to accommodate the old wiring. I bought the house over a year ago. Pretty sure it's still live. It's currently supplying one of the outlets in a wall I ripped out. Should be a picture of it in my post history if you're interested. But you're right, there's another series in the stud bay next to it that has been terminated next to some active Romex. You are right from a code perspective, but insurance companies tend to flip out when they hear anything about it. If you can't insure your home, you are likely in violation of the terms of your mortgage. There are a lot of things that might constitute a "known defect" in Ohio that wouldn't necessarily be a code issue. Good question. OP needs to see if the old wiring is still in use. Knob and tube is generally allowed to be "grandfathered." Existing installations are ok, but any new work or changes to the system would have to be up to new code, which would likely involve complete replacement. From an electrical perspective, knob tube can actually be quite solid, aside from the fact that there is no grounding. A given wire gauge in knob tube can handle more current than that same gauge in a calendar. The disclosure requirements in Ohio are pretty broad, they don't enumerate what specifically needs to be disclosed, it's more like "known defects" which arguably would include this. The trick is they may not have known. What type of wiring does the inspection report say is in the house? Is it live? The seller was only required to disclose of they knew about it. Has your insurance company said anything yet? I had an inspection, didn't see it disclosed. It was built in 52. I know nothing about real estate law in Ohio, however I would be really surprised if Knob and Tube wiring is required to be disclosed. Did you have an inspection? How old is the house? I'm also curious if it's actually still live. I've seen old wiring left in place with romex running right alongside it. Probalby not up to code, but I've seen it. I'd be curious to see how the inspector justifies missing this, given that it's typically rather obvious in attics or crawl spaces. It may be worth swinging by a real estate attorney's office for some guidance on how to proceed.