 Just happened recently. Yesterday in fact. Location: Virginia Beach, Virginia. Summary - An angered customer verbally harassed a female co-worker. Her boyfriend, who also works there, asked him to stop speaking in such a vulgar manner to his girlfriend and to please calm down. The man demanded that they fight, I lead the angered boyfriend away as he was getting very angry while the rest of the team tried to calm the customer down who we thought had decided to leave. When I was returning I heard a scream and saw the girlfriend, and another female co-worker, duck and run as the man had brandished a gun on them. The man quickly left, as he was unable to physically pursue, before the police could arrive. Needless to say my female co-workes were extremely shakened over the entire ordeal and her boyfriend and I were full of adrenaline. ---- Response After the police arrived they wanted to look at the cameras. We needed the GMs code to access said cameras. So GM arrives and goes through the cameras and we learn that CH9, we had 9 camera channels and nearly all are just to spy on employees, isn't online and the only camera they had on was the one looking at the female coworkers from above and their attacker was completely obscured as was their car. There was no way to identify him and if he had fired we wouldn't have been able to do anything about it. We then learned that our location lacks a panic button in the office or where the female coworkers were located. Note that this is a multi billion dollar corporation yet decided that our safety is irrelevant just to save pennies for themselves. As we could no longer provide any more useful information, as it had happened so fast, the police had to depart. Our GM than went over and fussed at the boyfriend for "agitating and raising his voice" which the GM said caused the gunman to threaten us with a gun. The GM than asked if the girls were okay before leaving us to finish our shifts while the gunman was still at large as it hadn't even been an hour since the incident. Not once was anyone offered the opportunity to go home early or given time off to cope. The girls were still clearly traumatized over it. I felt that they should have been asked if they needed to go home after the ordeal. Keeping them there afterward while worried the man might return is morally wrong in my opinion. ------ I was wondering if there was any way we could pursue this legally? None of us feel safe after learning that our location lacked basic safety measures and proper camera placement for situations such as this. We are also appalled by the response given by the GM, and their bosses who approved of their handling of it, and how they didn't even let the poor girls go home early while the police were there to escort them to their cars.  Morally wrong is not the same thing as illegal. While I understand being fearful of the guy returning, the reality is that anyone, anywhere could have a gun. It's not useful to live your life fearing the worst. Why would your emergency contacts be told anything about this? Emergency contacts are for if something happens to you and you're incapacitated, or if the company is trying to get ahold of you and can't. They're not for discussing unfortunate, but ultimately resolved, issues at work. You've got one legal right in this situation, and Jake already told you what it is. You're not going to get any satisfaction from the legal system. Your only real possible source of solutions is going to be going above the GMs head. This isn't legal advice, to be clear, but talking to HR or the district manager might light a fire under your GMs ass to fix this. You could investigate what company policy is on having working panic buttons and functioning security cameras. They might be displeased depending on their internal practices and policies. Use caution whenever talking to HR though, as they may just decide to get rid of the squeaky wheel instead of oiling it. Your co-worker (and the rest of you honestly) may also just want to find another job instead of working under a guy this apathetic about a gun being waved around in his store. They were not negligent based on what you describe. You can sue the gunman for the PTSD if he is found, but that is also not the company’s fault. The girls didn’t have to work. They could have quit. Like I said, they were insensitive, should take better precautions but they didn’t do anything actionable. In theory yes, but the response of u/vtjake is correct.  Their negilance, the girls suffering potential PTSD, and forcing the girls to continue to work should warrant some cause of action, no? Both, you have no cause of action. The company can’t be held responsible. They have no obligation to grant time off or provide security cameras or panic buttons. They could have handles it better and it would be nice for them to take precautions but you can’t force them. Is that legal advice or just regular advice? The only thing you can do is quit.