 I am a doctor in training (resident) paid by a medical organization. In my spare time, I have created a new invention. I have never signed anything related to an invention or about giving away my rests to things I create. I am planning to do some research to test my invention, testing which will be done in the organization's office's. If this invention eventually becomes commercialized, do they have any right to claim ownership based on the fact they participated in some way to the development (i.e. letting me test it in the setting of the organization)? If so, how much? I will be meeting with one of their lawyer's soon. Thank you! This was an excellent reply, and I will go seek further legal representation for myself. The terms you listed such as "contract of service" versus "contract for service" will be good reading for me. Thank you so much!  In Canada, it depends on the type of intellectual property. In the absence of a specific agreement regarding copyrights, it usually comes down to whether you created the work as part of a "contract of service" (as an employee in the course of your employment duties) or a "contract for service" (as an independent contractor fulfilling your contractual obligations). If you created the work as a part of a contract of service then the copyright is usually assigned to the employer by default (with rare exceptions). If the work was instead created as part of a contract for service then you may be able to claim the copyright yourself. With respect to patents and patent-eligible inventions, the law is a little less clear on who owns the patent rights in the absence of an explicit agreement. It ultimately comes down to common law which basically refers to court interpretations and past court precedents. My understanding of the common law around patents is that the more so that invention/creation is an integral part of your employment duties and the more so the invention you create relates directly to your line of work, the more likely it is that the employer can claim patent rights to the invention, especially if you use company resources to create the invention. For legal advice specific to your situation, you would need to consult an intellectual property lawyer. My comment should not be construed as legal advice but rater general information about Canadian IP laws. I would check this with an IP lawyer (not your employer's lawyer). Developing/testing the invention using employer resources could ground a claim it was developed as part of your employment and is therefore the property of the employer.  I couldn't say. It would only be dependent on their policy. The way my employment contracts were created, it made no difference if I had started the project before employment, only that I completed it during employment. Sorry I can't be more helpful! I have done that. Fortunately/unfortunately, there is nothing I have signed relating to intellectual property or anything I created during employment. Also, everything I did create was done outside out the hours of my employment/work (i.e. in my free time, and started before my current job). Does that matter or make anything clearer? Be sure to check anything you signed and your employee handbook. I've never worked in medicine, but every professional job I've had disclosed that they have rights to anything I create during employment. Good luck with your invention!