 This has some rant in it due to frustration, so it’s a little long. So to add the back story to the cellphone part of this story beforehand. When I moved to CO with a friend of mine (we’ll call him Todd)... him and I got a shared a phone plan because the plan was cheaper that way. Had the phones for about 6 mo and Todd ran into family trouble back home and had to move back. T-Mobile does not have very good coverage back home and I could afford both phones, so I took the second line on as mine and used it as a work phone. Ffwd a few months, the guy I’m dating (We’ll call him Richard) does not have a cell phone, and we’ve moved in together at this point, so I offer him my “extra phone” so he doesn’t have to get his own plan. Richard and I date for 3-1/2 years, move to Oregon together and I land a great construction job. After working there for about 1 year and a half they send me up to seattle to work during the week for training. I fell in love with the area and wanted to move up here, talked to work and they offered a substantial raise as well as future opportunity. Richard and I talked about it in February and we decided that it was a great idea, told work we’d be moved up by the 1st of June. The month of May rolls around and I get scheduled for a week of work in seattle again, right before I leave Richard says he doesn’t want to move with me, and doesn’t want me to stay with him. I proceed to seattle for the week of work and come home to a pretty much empty house, try calling and no answer. I pack up some of my belongings, line out a spot in the shop, and drive to seattle with one of my trucks. Come back that Friday, load my other truck and move up to seattle. I talk to Richard between this time and since he doesn’t make much money, tell him I will leave the phone on my plan for now and he can pay half until he can afford to get his own plan.... I messaged him weekly or more for about 2 months trying to get him to switch it to his own plan, he throws a fit I’m bugging him about it and says he’s not switching it now. I shut the phone off, but since it’s on a payment plan, I still have to pay for it. I have spoke with t mobile and all I can do is pay insurance and file it lost/stolen. ... I have since gone through my files and found he still has my birth certificate and the title to my truck. He also has used my amazon acct to order movies and stuff to his apt. I have changed the passwords to all my Accounts, and blocked him out. I message him probably once every 2 weeks asking him to send it, he says “next week” and I never see it. At this point he doesn’t read or respond to them. Idk what to do, to get all the paperwork sent to WA from WY for my truck and birth certificate are going to cost a ton as it is, the phone on top is killing me. Tl:dr My BF of 3 years left me and I let him keep his phone on my plan to help him out. It has been 7 months and he hasn’t helped pay and won’t return the phone. 