 Hi everyone, For 3 months I lived on lease in an apartment in Chicago from June through August of 2018. Since then, I've been living in the same apartment paying rent month to month, but never resigned a lease once mine was up on August 31, 2018. This is probably due to my perfect rental history- I am a good tenant in terms of keeping to myself and paying on time. However, I am currently looking for jobs out of state and I anticipate needing to move within 2-3 weeks of receiving an offer. The lease I signed for June-August 2018 states that I need to give at least 30 days notice before moving and they are currently holding $900 as a security deposit, which by terms of the original lease is forfeited if I move out before giving 30 day notice. The lease had no clause for what happens after the end of the lease if I keep paying rent and they allow me to stay (as a matter of fact, it says they do not accept month to month leases). My question is, if I move on two weeks notice (say, at the end of February), will they have legal claim to my security deposit? Or since I am not on a lease, and at this point renting via an unspoken "gentleman's agreement" more or less, am I released from the terms of the original lease which ended last year? I will keep this in mind if I do have the good fortune of receiving an offer, thank you Thanks so much for the clarification. I'll give them 30 days notice in that case and hope everything works out. Cheers They don't do month to month for a brand new tenant. You're an existing tenant who has converted to a month to month lease. Yes, they can keep your $900. If you're traveling for jobs and would have to move in a hurry - just mention the $900 penalty for moving early to your future employer if they extend an official job offer to you - they will likely increase your relocation assistance offer by $900. Even if they do not accept month-to-month leases, the fact that you have stayed beyond the end of the previous lease and they have continued to accept your rent payments makes you a "holdover" tenant and has created a month-to-month tenancy. Illinois law says that in this case, you are subject to the conditions of the old lease. You need to follow the old lease in terms of notification to move out. 