 My neighbors moved in a few months ago and I haven't spoken much to them due to a language barrier(hispanic.) Every few nights box trailers come to their house and they unload maybe hundred or so plain cardboard boxes. This happens atleast twice a week and always after sunset. I don't know what I'm supposed to think bout this. It's making me uncomfortable especially since I know the landlord is the type to rent to less then savory persons. What would y'all advise I do in this situation? Houston TX. HOA controlled neighboorhood. In case that's needed info Given the fact that you, me and OP are Internet strangers here, I'd say that the issue of whose perception is problematic is up for debate. Have a great evening :) Given the history of unscrupulous tenants in his neighborhood, I would say OP is justified in his concern, making the issue of perception entirely your own.  I'm sorry if I came off sounding cynical. Maybe I was projecting based on my own experiences. Good luck, and hopefully you find a good solution. That's what I was thinking originally. And I wouldn't care except that for the fact the last residents have not been doing legal business out of it  Only reason I ask is the other day we lost power to our house. We share a main breaker in the neighborhood and I guess their main line got damaged at the same as mine. I called out the power company and they took care of my house. Well the people that love in the house came to me asking what happened and I told then best I could with Google translate. I told then call their landlord and power company to get it resolved. They never did until the power company came back to fix my house and then had me ask the company to fix their problems. That's when my suspicion increased the most. Why wouldn't they want to call or handle the problem themselves. It's just weird to me. Especially since all they had to really do was tell their landlord. Made me think they were trying to hide something. Or. Something idk maybe I am over reacting.  So you want them to stop? This sounds more like a home business than illegal activity. Given the strictness of HOAs in Houston, you could go to the management company and complain that they seem to be running a business out of their home, and the management company will investigate. There’s no guaranty that would result in them stopping - the HOA may not feel they have sufficient evidence, or they could not have a rule that is being broken - but that is probably your best option.  Racism is far from reason. Trust me my wife already chewed my ass because I asked her. The past 2 people that have loved in this house have been busted for illegal actions and they were white. I'm just confused as to what to think and I came here asking for help. Not more cynical dips like you assuming racism because it's easier then giving advice. So do me a favor and keep your thoughts to yourself if they are not helpful. Thank you. Respectfully, I would say that this is a matter of perception rather than a matter of legality. That's the relevance. Mind your business. Moving boxes isn't a crime, it's not your job to be a detective. If a disturbance happens call the police. Until then keep to yourself. I would love to know how this addresses OP’s concerns, or how it’s even remotely relevant to their question.  I firmly believe that yelling "RACISM" isn't the answer to every problem. But stop and ask yourself. If these were nice, preppy white folks that moved in, would your reaction be the same? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.