 This is in Philly if that matters. The heat in my apartment is controlled by the landlord for the entire building so I don't have my own thermostat to control heat. The heating in my apartment has always been low (usually maybe high 50's, low 60s) measured with infrared temp gun in various areas of the apartment). It's not ideal, but manageable by wearing layers and what not. Anyway, over the weekend it was super cold to the point it was actually uncomfortable living in the apartment (Multiple layers, under lots of blankets and still shivering). The temp gun measured the temperature to be 50 degrees, even dipping into the high 40's in some areas. We called the emergency maintenance team on Monday, and they finally showed up and fumbled around some stuff in the basement. It seemed like the baseboards started to heat up (they were always cold to the touch) but within half an hour, it was cold again and we didn't get any updates from the maintenance guy nor the landlord. Tuesday, we call again and the guy comes out again, but still no heat. We call yet again later on Tuesday and also went to the leasing office to complain in person. The leasing manager said they are addressing the issue which will hopefully be fixed tonight and in the meantime, they have space heaters they can provide us. It then turns out that the maintenance team cannot restore the heat by tonight and we have to wait until Wednesday to fix the issue. At this point, it'll be well over 48 hours for them to address the issue while it is still freezing in the apartment. My question is, is it fine for them to take this long to fix the heating in the apartment? And is providing space heaters a reasonable attempt at fixing this issue in the time being? The space heaters are hardly effective at warming up the unit and they technically shouldn't be used at night anyways. Not to mention the drain on my electricity bill this will be by having them run constantly. Is it worth getting a lawyer involved in this? At this point, I'm kind of done with living in this place but I'm not sure if I have grounds to terminate my lease early if space heaters are a sufficient fix. Thanks for your help! Whether it violates the implied warranty of habitability in general is a pretty theoretical question. Even if I would say yes to that in theory, in order to sue your landlord you are likely going to have show some damages or cost to you. For example in the summer when heat’s not needed, is it really fair for you to say that you were not getting the value you were expecting from the property because the heat wasn’t working? If you can genuinely say you would have run the heat but could not, maybe. But how to measure that? I don’t know. Again, I don’t practice this type of law, so maybe there some fine the landlord would have to pay? I would speak with a philly landlord tenant lawyer. The fact that you responded with this follow up and call yourself “shit out of luck,” in spite of the fact that your landlord has rectified the issue, seems to imply you are really set on trying to punish or get something from this landlord. What is it that you are trying you get? If you want to get out of your lease, I would suggest (1) talk to a landlord tenant lawyer (I’m sure there are some who would work with you in alleging all manner of violations so you could sue your lawyer and negotiate a lease termination); or (2) ride out the rest of your lease, ensure you give appropriate notice that you will not be renewing, and move. My analysis of these options is as follows (keeping in mind I don’t do landlord tenant for a living): under number 1, you will have to go court and, if your landlord is amenable to trying, could mediate. If you get him to agree to release you and not sue you for your unpaid rent remaining under the lease, you will have potentially a very short (2 week) time frame in which to secure new housing and move. (Yes, keep in mind this is a negotiated agreement so normal notice and time to move rules don’t apply and they likely wont accommodate your demands for much more since they are releasing you without recourse. ) If you and your landlord cannot come to a mutual agreement in the mediation, then you will keep your hearing and have to prove your case. You may win money if you can actually show damages, but the court may not actually order termination of the lease if the landlord has cured. Also with number 1, you can be sure that your name will appear in the record for small claims court as someone who has sued a landlord. Right or wrong, some landlords check these records and it could effect your ability to get another place in the future. On the other hand, maybe getting sued would be a wake up call and they would work with you to release you. But if you are in a building with a corporate-type ownership chances are they wont budge because they’ve already got their own lawyer on retainer and can’t set a precedent that they will work with some tenants and not others. They want to avoid housing discrimination claims at all costs. Under scenario 2, you deal with living there until your lease is up. Only you know the relative cost of that. I really think your best best is to spend your energies making sure you can move when your lease is up. Another option is to find a subletter if thats allowed under your lease (but that comes with its own headaches I won’t get into here). However, if you are intent on suing your landlord or otherwise getting out of your lease, I think your situation is best handled going forward with retained counsel.  4 days later and lots of calling and complaining they finally restored the heat. The reason it was off in the first place? Apparently at some point someone somehow had capped the pipes to our apartment so it was never connected to the heating system at all. Does this violate the implied warranty of habitability as we essentially signed a lease for a unit that would never be able to provide heat as the system was closed off? Or am I shit out of luck and can only get a “shucks that’s bad luck” from the landlord. Also how did it take them this long to figure out.  Just be careful with those space heaters and make sure not to overload the circuits. One of the reasons landlords have to provide heat to a certain temp is to prevent tenants from using space heaters. Also, never use an extension cord on them. Another reason codes call for a certain amount of outlets on wall is to prevent needing extension cords. I get it. And it definitely stinks. But I’m also a landlord and can genuinely say that sometimes it does take time. Right now with it being so cold its possible that there are parts that may be in short supply. And perhaps some shortage of expertise if their normal team cant handle the issue and they need hvac techs. Not making excuses for them, but all these circumstances do meld together. And truth be told some landlords really do just stink and don’t care—that may be yours, I don’t know. In any case see how the next few days shape up. If this keeps dragging on it may definitely at least warrant a quick call to an attorney to check what to do — more days may warrant a different outcome. Depending on your level of income you may qualify for free legal services through CLS. They address heating issues [here]() . Note they also suggest calling 311 as a first step. Good luck! I get it. And it definitely stinks. But I’m also a landlord and can genuinely say that sometimes it does take time. Right now with it being so cold its possible that there are parts that may be in short supply. And perhaps some shortage of expertise if their normal team cant handle the issue and they need hvac techs. Not making excuses for them, but all these circumstances do meld together. And truth be told some landlords really do just stink and don’t care—that may be yours, I don’t know. In any case see how the next few days shape up. If this keeps dragging on it may definitely at least warrant a quick call to an attorney. Depending on your level of income you may qualify for free legal services through CLS. They address heating issues [here]() . Note they also suggest calling 311 as a first step. Good luck! Can I call 311 to get their insight on this or are they solely for reporting an issue/filing a claim? Thanks for your reply. Definitely won't be withholding rent on my own and have been documenting everything (maintenance requests, pictures of the temp gun showing the temp, etc). Yea, I figured I don't really have much to stand on from a legal standpoint in terms of breaking the lease because they are "trying". Just pisses me off that I still don't have heat and they're taking their sweet time in addressing this. - disclaimer: I am not YOUR lawyer, and this advice does not substitute for you getting your own lawyer, and I don’t practice landlord tenant law, but have mediated cases in Philly LL/Tenant court years ago.- I don’t think a couple days with low heat (if landlord can show they are really trying to repair and providing heaters) would justify breaking an entire lease. If it continues for a few more days, I would talk to an active landlord tenant lawyer, and ask whether under the implied warranty of habitability you would have a position to deduct the difference between a normal electricity bill and this months bill from your next rent. This may be a reasonable solution if you can do this since if they reimburse you for the extra electricity, you are getting heat and being made whole for the extra expense. There are certain notice requirements to your landlord you must meet before doing a repair and deduct so asking an attorney for clarification of the law on these point is critical. Again don’t assume you can do this without discussing with a lawyer that practices LL/tenant law in Philly. If you don’t pay your rent in full in any month for any reason your landlord can and probably will sue you. So you want to make sure you have a reasonable position AND the documents/evidence you would need to win before pursuing this as a remedy. It would be terrible to get sued and lose because you don’t have documents, don’t have a reasonable basis for the remedy, and/or cant afford to miss work for court etc. If you really do get your heat back on tomorrow, my guess is that this is going to be too much work/risk for too little benefit. As another poster said, maybe try 311 first—try to use all other non legal options first. INAL. Landlords are required to make repairs in a reasonable amount of time. Is 48 hours reasonable with offered space heaters is the question? I would say probably that it is. But you can check with 311. I don’t know that you’d get out of the lease for that, but they are required to keep the heat at a 68 degree temp minimum. Or to have that available if you control the thermostat. If the repair doesn’t fix this issue that is definitely something you could use provided you have notified the landlord of the issue and it has not been corrected. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.