 So my sister had left her 3 year old in our care years ago and went to "make her life" in the united states, however she is suddenly demanding to take him, she is in our house currently do to family health problems and has decided that she just wants to take the kid with her agaisnt his will even though he refuses to go. We had temporary custody of him but we don't know if that covers it, the child is scared and nervous but in her mind she believes he is ok with moving with her. Are there any options I can take to keep her from taking him? He has a social worker do to his ADD who would vouch for us but I don't know what to do. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Sounds like Janice from the sopranos.  It says PR which i assume is Puerto Rico a US territory. NAL Im assuming you're not in the states, but are there any 'child abandonment' laws you can take advantage of where ever you are? 10 years is quite some time to 'find yourself'  In English if anyone doesn't want to translate it. "(f) The child has been abandoned, as one of the following circumstances is configured: (1) The father or mother has not communicated with the child for a period of at least three (3) months. (2) When the father or mother has not participated in any plan or program designed to reunite the father or mother of the child with the latter, after the Department has taken the necessary steps to achieve the participation of the father or mother making use of their resources internal and / or the services of other external agencies. (3) The father or mother does not appear at the child protection hearing. (4) When the minor is found in circumstances that make it impossible to recognize the identity of his or her father or mother; or knowing their identity, their whereabouts are ignored despite the efforts made to locate them; and said father or mother does not claim the minor within thirty (30) days after the latter has been found. "  't have any friends A lotta faith you have in your daughter there. She's so lucky....you should be ashamed.  I think perhaps you aren't aware of what the social worker's role is in the school setting. They aren't a "helper", they act as a kind of specialized school counselor, of sorts. Making sure the child receives any necessary accommodations, and having an ear for them. They actually work to guide a kid struggling with social issues. My ADHD kid still wouldn't have any friends if it weren't for her awesome school social worker.  Ive had diagnosed ADHD for most of my life and I have never once had a social worker suggested to me, nor have any of my ADD/ADHD friends as far as I know. I'd bet on it being pretty uncommon Portugal is a place, it doesn't feel hate. Some Portuguese people probably hate Spaniards, some probably hate the British or Germans, or even Brazilians. People like to hate. Thats totally not devastating to the kids' social life, having a helper. lol real cool.  This is in Puerto Rico.  It's something most schools here have, they have a social worker for school with more than 5 students diagnosed with a limiting disorder,add,,adhd,autism,etc. Go ahead and cite the law saying that someone can claim custody of another person’s without a finding of abuse/neglect or a termination of parental rights. I’ll wait.  This is legaladvice, a place for laws. Not a place for you to promote what you think is right, without any legal basis Puerto Rico is part of the United States. Children aren't property that you can just give away and take back as you please  What country is it? She is his mom so maybe not much you can do You are correct. I have ADHD and friends who also have it and none of us ever had a social worker for it.  I went to pretty huge high school so it could just be that they had extra resources there.  That is certainly uncommon.  Usually if you’re a teen with ADD/ADHD since it can cause learning problems, it’s not uncommon for schools to assign social workers to help the students out so I imagine it could be something like that.  Doesn’t Portugal hate Spaniards  I for one assumed Portugal, which made it extra weird to see Spanish. Temporary custody usually becomes more permanent when not contested I thought it was public relations and I was really confused ....a social worker for ADD? What kind of fuckery is that? Pennsylvaniarrr I thought it was Pennsylvania or something. I need coffee  Whoops, my bad. Thought it was the other way for some reason. You probably didn’t recognize but [PR] is Puerto Rico  well they speak spanish there so..... Is that supposed to be in Spanish? Stop pretending that you're a lawyer. This woman abandoned her child years ago and just because there's a biological component here, she's no more a mother to him than a random stranger. Please please do not listen to this person. They are giving you bad advice  Leaving a child to be cared for by somebody else for 7 years definitely meets the requirements. I don't know any judge that would remove a child from the only home they've ever known, a stable and loving home, and place the child with a virtual stranger. Especially in NY. I have dealt with the NYS court system quite a bit and one thing I have learned is they make decisions based on the best interest of the child. My husband is not biologically related to our son, but he is legally his father and has full parental rights to him. His biological father has none. Why? Because his biological father waited until he was 3 years old to decide he wanted to try being a dad and that was shut down before it even began. Unless OP has a history of abusing or neglecting the child or some kind of serious legal issues that could possibly endanger the child, they will not have the child removed and sent to the mom.  Adding on to what the other commenter said. You mentioned shared custody, and a temporary order. Did the order expire? Is their any custody agreement currently in place? In addition to what was the longest period of no contact? If you have some parental rights, she cannot just permanently take him without a change in custody orders. Ah I mistakenly read one comment as saying that she hadn't contacted him for several years, but you're correct. It's unclear.  No apologies necessary. Had she kept in touch with him throughout this time? Phone calls/visits/letters/birthday gifts? Anything like that?  I'm a bit more calmed down now. The child is my 10 year old nephew, my sister left him with us when he was around 3-4 and moved to New York. She started her own life there and even has a whole new family, meanwhile my parents (his grandparents) had a shared custody for whenever he needed to go to a hospital (he used to suffer from seizures). She's beenn saying for years she was going to come take him but never did, however do to a family tragedy she came to us and now wants to take him with him all of a sudden. I hope this clears everything out and sorry for the whole mess of posts. OP never stated that her sister ever went 3+ months, or any extended period of time, without communicating with the child.  Get a family lawyer ASAP. Laws vary state to state/territory, but this is probably considered child abandonment. Child abandonment is grounds for termination of parental rights in PR. Even if her rights were not fully terminated by the courts, that doesn't mean she would be given custody, they may only allow visitation. This is completely incorrect and shows a complete lack of understanding of child abandonment and family laws. Get a family lawyer ASAP. Laws vary state to state/territory, but this is probably considered child abandonment. Child abandonment is grounds for termination of parental rights in PR. Even if her rights were not fully terminated by the courts, that doesn't mean she would be given custody, they may only allow visitation. OP said nothing to suggest the criteria for abandonment was met.  This is NOT true. If she abandoned him 10 years ago and you've had him since and have a legal custody order, she absolutely cannot just take him. Also the fact that he's 13 does matter because he's old enough to tell a judge what he wants. You need to look into taking her to court and getting permanent custody.  Talk to the social worker. They may be able to make a recommendation regarding whether his mother should resume custody of him, or whether he should remain in your care. You may wish to consult with a family lawyer as well, and if you don’t have the money for this, see if any law schools nearby can give you advice on finding a cheaper lawyer.  No, you have no choice about where a child that does not belong to you lives.  I guess I really have no choice then? She is allowed to take her child back, even though she left him with you while she got her life together in the US. Do you have a court order granting you custody? If not, she’s allowed to take her child back. Of course the child is anxious. But kids are resilient. Anxiety is not sufficient reason to deny your sister her right to her child.  She did leave the child with us when he was around 3-4, we have raised him ever since till his current age of 10, he is deathly scared of leaving an environment he is accustomed to, he has adhd and gets very anxious when around people he doesn't know. Sorry if I am confusing you, I'm just anxious and nervous myself over all of this. Ok, I read that as the child was 3 now, and figured the parent left when the child was a baby. In any case, parents have a constitutional right to raise their child unless they have been found unfit by the court, or had their parental rights terminated. There is no way a family court judge is giving custody to a grandparent over an able and willing parent. And if they did, it would be overturned on appeal. Children’s preferences can be considered in some cases, but it’s not enough to deny a parent their right to raise their child.  Sadly he is 10 going 11. [removed] Sounds like he’s 13 by the title / post, not a toddler. At 13-14 years old (since OP stated it has been years), the courts just might listen to the child. It depends on the judge, and since they were the ones that raised this kid for the majority of the kid’s life, they may side with OP. That said, I know from experience that there are some pretty bias judges in the US family courts, so nothing is for certain  Do you have a custody order? Unless you can somehow prove that your sister is an unfit parent, your sister has the right to take her child. 