 So this is kind of a mess, some backstory I live in Canada, my friend online lives in the states in AZ. Shes been hook to a guy since she was 12 and the guy was maybe 18 or 17 then, he’s manipulated her to do alot of stuff for her. To present time I thought I’d catch up with this friend because we never talked too much, she still is with this guy, shes 17 now gonna be 18 this month. The guy has already been introuble once but a case never went through the court (no idea) The guy lives in Nebraska after the case thing scared him. But he kept in touch with her, shes sent him money multiple times for gas, food bills whenever he asked. He controls her and he even made her accept the fact he’s allowed to see other women if he wants. He recently came down to AZ and made my friend basically run away with him to NB driving down, getting stranded because he had no gas money, making her send money for gas etc. Now here’s what I need help with, I dont have too much knowledge with legal stuff especially in the states (other than the fact I’ve watched suits lmao) and I cant deal with women being treated like that, the guy is on probation, dont know why, I only have his first name, his state, the fact he now has a run away girl from AZ with him, her old address and the guys fake facebook profile he uses to talk to her. I wanna report him to a probation officer thing anonymously but I dont wanna get caught up in it especially since im not in the country and I cant get the girl to do anything. What can I do to get this guy caught?  I've never used it but I think you can leave a tip anonymously. Do keep in mind, anonymous tips tend not be to given much credence. Well how do I let the FBI know, i know they’re Sexually Active but I wanna be anonymous about it and not geg caught into it You could let the FBI know what's going on. This could be a violation of the Mann Act if they are sexually active. As such, they might look at it as human trafficking. I'm not a lawyer but I think transporting a minor across state lines for the purposes of sex is illegal regardless of the AoC laws of the states involved under the Mann Act. The FBI might be interested to know this is going on. In Nebraska, the age of consent is 17, so there's not a whole helluva lot that can be done. And from just my local knowledge (I live just across the border from in Missouri, but I work and spend most of my free time in Nebraska) if she's just about to turn 18 in a matter of days, I doubt you're going to get the local law enforcement to do anything unless you have evidence she's in physical danger. It's probably too late to do anything about this now that she is almost 18. She is old enough to make her own decisions in this regard. She certainly wasn't age the age of 12 though, did she ever travel to see him when she was younger? Even if the answer is yes it would be hard to prove anything if they both deny it. PS: You shouldn't ask for DMs here it's not permitted.