 He signed a contract saying if I get into my college he'll buy me the MacBook. I got in but he didn't buy it. I am 18 now, but wasn't when signing the contract can I still sue him for BoC? I mean, if you have a full ride, it sounds like you don’t have nearly as much as most 18 year olds entering college have to worry about when it comes to finances. Perhaps do what adults do, and earn your own money to buy the things that you want. While I suppose the fact that he signed a contract of sorts and then has backed out is unfortunate and not great of him, and you could potentially take him to small claims over it, it’s highly unlikely to be worth it. Learn an adult lesson, earn it for yourself, and move on. I’m not sure what a judge would say in this situation, especially if you were under 18 and if it was more of a “hey, do this thing you’re already going to do/need to do and here’s an incentive” parenting move, but like others have said, it will likely cause a rift in your family.  If the poster’s above comment is accurate and they’re getting a full ride, that’s amazing honestly because they’re not taking out loans! However, although not ideal, they could potentially apply to cover the cost of one. I’m guessing they would qualify for other external scholarships as well, and many of those can be used on expenses such as books or a computer. So there are ways this could be solved without all the emotions that come with taking a family member to court. Even if you don’t have a great relationship with them, it wouldn’t be easy.  I mean a decent macbook is like $2500, well within small claims limit. So if their parents are the type to cut them off instantly when they turn 18 IDK that computer could make a big difference to their education.  Eh I guess. I had a parent spend a majority of savings bonds my grandparents got for me for college when I was young, so I’m in more debt than I should be. So I get the disappointment. I just can’t imagine it’d be worth suing over.  He can afford it trust me. He doesn't have to pay for my college cuz I got a full ride so it's not like I'm the bad person in this situation   Not enough information to assume that. Some parents can be very fixated on college and treat their children very poorly, to the point that the only thing the kids are really getting from their parents are financial benefits. For them to renege on that too can be really depressing.  Maybe he can't buy it because he can't afford it right now? Is this what the world is coming to? Suing your own parents when you turn 18? That's some petty shit  I didn’t know we’re talking maryland, here  At least on paper, I don't see why you couldn't take your father to small claims, if you really want to spend time and money, and if you want to risk alienating family over a laptop. This appears to meet the basic elements of a contract, you have damages because he did not perform, and there's nothing about it that's unconscionable or against public policy. Having said that, I think collecting on any such judgement would be a phyrric victory at best, and financially and emotionally ruinous at worst. It might be worth letting this go, buying your own laptop, and taking it as a strong sign your father can't be trusted on certain kinds of offers. Honestly you’d spend more money on suing him than it would cost to just buy yourself a laptop. This is also very entitled, BTW. I can understand being disappointed, but suing? If anything you’ll ruin your relationship with your dad if there is one.   Notarization is not required for contracts of this nature in Maryland. Was this a legally binding contract on which the signatures were observed by a notary? If not, you’d be wasting your time with a lawsuit. I feel like this was more of a “bet”. Also, which college did you get into? Your dad might view this as a half-ass attempt at getting a computer if you went to some sort of community college (no offense).