 Toronto, Canada I'm currently finishing up the 2 grievances, where both individuals were fired. Management has asked us to come up with a proposal for both outlining a severance pay. Currently, we are asking for 4 weeks paid for every year that they have worked. Management declined this and asked us to come back with a new figure that represents the standard across the board. After some research I found the basic severance is usually 1 week pay for every year that the individual worked. However, would we be able to ask for more than one week as one of the individuals I am representing is 61 years old, which we believe will hinder the individual's ability to find full time employment? As well, both individuals have worked at this organization for more than 15 plus years. Would this allow us to ask for more? Even though management sights just cause for termination there was never any remedial efforts made to assist either individual. As I see they only stated when and what was done but no effort to assist the individuals to change behavior or at minimum set goals to assist them to be successful.  Fired with cause? And the employer is offering any severance? Surprising To be honest, you need to bump this to your staff rep or union lawyer. There are too many issues here to correctly answer on reddit. The first question is are the firings justified. Without an answer to that, it would be hard to talk severance. If there are truly fired with cause, any severance would be good. If not and the employer is just trying for a buyout, then you have a lot more leeway to get more severance. The issues you raised makes me think that in an arb, you may be able to get the firings overturned. Actually I am the most experienced union rep, with 20 plus years. The other reps and stewards I work with are also at a lose on what to do in this situation, which is why one of them suggested reddit as it can be a useful resource of collaboration.  You sound like you are negotiating a grievance settlement? As in, you're the union rep? As a union-side labour lawyer, I have to ask: what the hell are you doing posting in here? Ask someone else in your union with more experience then you, or consult your union's lawyers. When reading responses, keep in mind that the odds that the average commenter in this sub has any experience whatsoever with Canadian labour law is pretty low. 