 She wants to leave, and return to her home country (in Scandinavia). She insists she doesn't want \anything\ of mine, but I have a lot more than she does -- I'm older, have had a solid career for 15 years, and am aggressively working toward retirement. Given: The marriage is less than 2 years old, and we explicitly never co-mingled our finances We're splitting amicably, she wants nothing of mine, and I want nothing of hers (and we have a signed and notarized pre-nup to that effect) She's abandoning her Green Card and immigration process, and will be back in EU long before the final divorce papers are filed We plan to sit down and list everything that we feel needs to be accounted for (I'll compensate her for her computer, for example, which she's leaving in the US) This list will be part of a signed and notarized Divorce Agreement ... is it possible to avoid having a California Judge step in, declare my 401(k) to be community property, and split it down the middle? I feel a little bad about what is, effectively, a 100/0 or 90/10 split. But this is what she wants, and if I'm losing my marriage, at least (hopefully) I don't have to lose my ass too. It depends on your local court's rules. Mediation is actually a positive thing because the mediator makes sure all the paperwork is completed properly. The judge is much likely to sign off if a case has been through mediation. Sorry to keep at it, I don't mean to sit here disagreeing with you. But that's a real bummer, she won't want to come back just for this. I'm reading that mediation is required when children are involved; a salient detail I should have included in the original post: there are no children involved. Does that make a difference? You need mediation because most courts require it, and you breezing into court with a document giving up all rights to everything long after she is gone is going to raise eyebrows. She will need to plan a trip back, most likely, or you will need to hire a lawyer to represent her before she leaves. She's leaving very soon. We only have a week. If we don't disagree on anything, do we still need mediation just to prove a neutral third party was involved? The only part of the 401k that would be community property is the equity that's been gained since marriage. And no. If you reach a proper, non-coerced, properly executed agreement, the court will generally honor it. You will probably need to go through mediation, so if she is in a hurry to leave, it would behoove you to start the process sooner rather than later.