 I found out today my children were interviewed at school by a CPS worker. They told me most of the intrusive, out of the normal teacher- student questions that were asked. When I questioned if the lady was from CPS they said yes, it was what the interviewer introduced herself as. Now its no coincidence that this CPS accusation was made. Today I had a hearing against my abusive ex boyfriend for an assault that happened a couple months ago. I have no doubt in my mind that this was him. He often threatened that if I was to leave he would call CPS. He made this CPS claim with the intent to deceive, and knew that the report was fake. I have a protective order against him so absolutely no contact has been made, he has violated the order twice which resulted in his arrest so those incidents are to add to his intent on "fucking me over." As he has stated I have done to him in the past by calling local PD for the past assault. In a Texas public school are they able to take a child out of class time to be interviewed without parent acknowledgment? I have no problem with my children being interviewed, I am a good parent, just isn't something in place that a parent must be notified when the interview is taking place? As well, I know my ex will continue to push. What legally can I do to have him stop and to protect myself from further accusations? I have a protective order and have made reports for him violating it but now it seems like he's going to extreme measures to make sure he has control/ the upper hand.  Definitely something to discuss with law enforcement, but I’m not sure that it would constitute third party contact.  Wouldn't the ex using CPS to get around the RO also be frowned upon? [u/Mami11223]() I would report the suspicion that he was using CPS to harass you due to an active protective order you have against him. If they confirm it was him then you can report him to the police for violating the order since most orders ban using third parties, like CPS, to get around the RO and continue harassing their victim. Hi! IANAL. I’m not in TX, but I am CPS in another state. We are all governed by the same law, ANCRA (Abused and Neglected Child Reporting Act). We have the delegated authority to interview children wherever they are at, including school. We typically have a 24 hour mandate to initiate our cases, so during the school year we do have to see children at school to make our attempt in good faith. We also tend to have a high volume of cases coming in, so if we waited until after school hours to initiate all of our cases over a broad range of territory, we would work very late every night :) We know when cases are made to be harassing. A lot of our cases are. In my state, it’s a possible misdemeanor criminal charge IF we can prove the reporter did not make the report in good faith of a child being abused/neglected.