 Do I have a claim case? We had our wedding at a private club where you have to be a member for special pricing. We met with them and we got the member pricing of $500 for the day. We printed out the contract. A couple months passed and we lost the paper. When we asked about resending the contract, they sent us a link with a different contract pricing of $1200 now. We inquired about it and they said no this is what they had. We knew it wasn’t true but at this point we just said we moved on and signed the new contract. On night before the wedding day, the place was a mess. (Leaves everywhere, toilets dirty things standing around) We cleaned up. Had the wedding. All fine. The next day we came to clean. Honestly we really could have done a better job. But it wasn’t a mess either, it was just not perfect and not all the furniture was in the exact place it needed to be. We left our arc there and offered it as a donation to them. They declined, so the next day my parents (who are 70) drove up and picked up the arc. On arrival they got yelled at for the mess and they made my mom scrub the floor. (That is the part I am most angry about. ) Well fast forward 3 months after repeatedly asking for the deposit they have now informed us that we won’t get the deposit back because we cleaned too late and not good enough. And apparently one of our wedding guests had left cigarette butts around. In the contract it says to leave the place in the condition in which it was found. My argument to demand the deposit back is that it was a mess before already. Maybe different things were a mess but a mess nonetheless. There are no specifications about what and how to clean in the contract. I want to take them to small claims court now for the security deposit as well as the discrepancy between the original contract promised and the changed pricing, because we found the original contract and budget again and have now proof that they changed the pricing. The thing is they lied about it, i have the emails. They didn’t say it’s an increased price they said this was always the price discussed. I was looking at unjust enrichment and was wondering if our loss of original contract is a misfortune they took advantage of. The other thought about it is that even if it’s an increase in price it’s more than double the original price and that can’t be legal? Obviously there were other issues in terms of communication where each person there kept giving us different information about rules and regulations and they generally are a total mess. I am really mad at how they treated my parents and I don’t want them to get away with it. It’s obviously not about money as I am asking about $850 and nothing punitive. I just want them to know there are consequences to treating people that way. Do I have a case? Thank you so much for any help!! PS: a quote from the contract that I am having trouble understanding if it would affect my claim: INDEMNIFICATION: A​ pplicant​ agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Club X from any and all costs, expenses, damages, and liability, including all attorneys’ fees, expert fees, and all other defense costs arising out of or related to the use of the facility by ​Applicant.​ This indemnification shall extend to all claims made to or against the Club X. This indemnification shall apply regardless of any active and/or passive negligent act or omission of Club X. ​Applicant​, however, shall not be obligated under this Agreement to indemnify Club X for claims arising from the sole negligence and/or willful misconduct of Club X.  You don't lock in a price until you buy something. If you go to walmart, it doesn't matter that a tube of toothpaste was 2.50 yesterday, if it's gone up to 3.00 the day you go to the register, that's the price... but you can take it or leave it. You were offered a contract at $500 but never accepted it. When you went back to ask for another, it was a different contract... but you signed it knowing that. You accepted the higher rate. If you signed and returned the $500 contract and they lost it an tried to charge you $1200, you'd be in the right. But it sounds like you just missed your opportunity to buy at the lower price, and that's a consequence of hesitation sometimes. Man I wish I bought bitcoin five years ago, but I didn't, and now it costs more. The fact that they didn't remember offering it at the lower price doesn't change the fact that you then accepted it at the higher price - and it doesn't matter if they lied or legitimately forgot. The contract you agreed to is what you've got to stick with. The time to argue was before you signed and paid a deposit, unfortunately. Look at the cleanup! I think that's your best bet at saving money at this point. Good luck! So you think the fact that they made double the money off us because we had no evidence and then they lied about the original charges does not matter? I will look over all communications regarding clean up.  You bought at the higher price. That it was offered for a lower price at an earlier time doesn't really change that. You did agree to pay the higher price when you signed the contract. That's going to be hard to refute. As to the deposit, did you take photos beforehand? Because if your case is entirely built on testimony of yourself and friends, but they have photos of the problems AFTER your cleanup - they're in a stronger position than you. That doesn't mean it's hopeless - if the court finds you sincere, they may believe what you've said and agree the deposit should be returned. But it's not a shoe-in if they have better evidence than you do. The vagueness of the language about 'same condition you found it' helps... though even you admit it was in different condition. Did your contact include you paying any 'cleanup' or 'reset' fees as well? If you can say "Hey, we left it pretty good, and we DID pay them XX as a cleanup fee, which more than covers the matters they're saying were undone", that's a useful argument. Remember that in court, it's not about what happened, it's about what you can prove. Can you prove that you left the place in the condition you found it? The indemnification clause is irrelevant here. So is the original contract, because you signed the new one. Thank you that is helpful. There was no talk of a walk through and nothing in the contract. It was a verbal agreement to do the clean up the next day by noon. But then the care taker was relaxed about it as it was only the two of us cleaning. So we finished in the evening on the next day. (Sunday) And picked up that arc on Tue where my parents were made to clean some more. The indemnity clause is more for the purpose of say, one of your guests gets hurt and wants to sue the venue. This clause does not release them from their responsibilities. IANAL, but I am a former event professional. Usually at the end of the event the client and venue rep do a walk-through together and the rep points out any dirty or damaged parts of the venue which need to be remedied. (At a wedding usually the wedding planner or parents will take the place of client.) This gives the client a chance to fix anything/clean up, as well as notify them of exactly what is at issue and what they may get billed for. Client can dispute things at this time as well. It sounds like this walk-through didn't happen? Was there anything in the contract about a walk-through? Finally, how much time did the contract give for clean-up? Did the contract say you had until the next day to clean up, or were you supposed to be 100% out that night? These things could weigh on the potential success of a lawsuit. 