 In my earlier post , I described a situation where my subletter wrote on Dec 31st to me to request me moving out on Jan 1st, and threatened that he would call a police if I didn't. As a recap, I am a student without income, and since 4 months ago, have rented an inexpensive room from him. He hoped me to stay as long as I could. A newer female housemate constantly came back late at 12am, 2am, 4am, taking shower, bringing a man back to have sex, and waking me up. In mid December, I complained to her and to the subletter. The subletter wasn't happy about her, and she moved out at the end of Dec. I didn't know that he wasn't happy with me either, till Dec 31st when receiving his request of me to move out, and also said that she complained me for not respecting her privacy when I requested them to be quiet outside of the bathroom door and then downstair while she and a man was taking shower and talking at 12:30am after having sex on top of my bedroom. Despite what he wrote and said, I was careful to avoid violating her privacy when requesting she and her man to keep quiet (details in the other post), and I have been aware that the subletter has been disliking me since I raised the noise problem merely for hoping if we could have some mutual respect with each other. Although I don't intend to move (there are few places that I can afford) and have been busy with school since Jan 1st, I have been actively searching for a place to move to. At the beginning of Jan, the subletter insisted me to move out, so didn't ask for my rent for Jan. Now I have just found a place to move to, and he requests me to pay the rent for the period when I "overstay". Since the written notice of asking me to move out on jan 1st, I was wondering if I am obliged to pay the subletter the rent and utilities since Jan 1st? Will failing to pay that lead to some legal consequence? Note that I don't have a lease or deposit with the subletter, and the female roommate doesn't paid the utility for December. Thanks. I have no idea what your agreement with the subletter is, but generally they can terminate your tenancy with proper notice unless you have a fixed term lease.  Can the subletter request and threaten me to move out?  You have to pay rent for the time you live there.  Yes, you are obligated to pay that rent. 