 I signed up for an optional prepaid meal deduction plan during my orientation in 2015. After a few months I found the food wasn't worth what I was paying so I went to HR and had it cancelled. I'm very positive I signed a form but don't believe I have a copy of the documentation myself. Judging from my W2 from that year, it seemed to have stopped. I continued on with my life, occasionally going to the cafeteria and paying for meals out of pocket. Fast forward to mid 2018: I quit my job and kept it moving. Fast forward to 2019 tax season: I went online to see if my W2 was available and decided to actually read my w2's from the previous years. Turns out I hadn't been getting paid the salary that was offered to me, ever. (I'm an idiot for just finding this out now but hadn't really had a moment to stop and pay attention to what was going on. I always assumed it was due to tax deductions. I'm a noob to salary pay). I look on the W2 pretax deductions and see that thousands of dollars had been adjusted from my gross pay each year under the title of "Other Cafe 125". So it seems that those deductions picked back up the following year after I had initially cancelled it. The pretax deductions do not show up on any pay stubs at all. The only place this is shown is on the W2. Can I get that money back? And how? Should I just contact my ex employer and ask for reimbursement, or just speak to a lawyer first? Note: They're not a small company. But they are nonprofit. Don't know if that makes a difference. I will be most definitely contacting HR to ask about it. At least for peace of mind... That's a good point. For one year it added up to $2221, but the following year was much higher at $3296. If I can recall correctly the meals were $10 per day (which included drink and occasionally dessert, but definitely not worth being obligated to eat there every single day). It doesn't add up so I'm sure you're right. Either way this information is enough to keep me level-headed when I contact HR and just ask. Thanks! Are you sure that the line item "Other Cafe 125" actually refers to prepaid meals? Because the term "cafeteria plan" is used by the IRS to refer to a large number of pre-tax payroll deductions, most of which actually have nothing to do with a cafeteria. Does the thousands of dollars per year actually add up to the cost for the prepaid meals? Because it seems exorbitant -- let's say $10 per day, 20 working days per month, 12 months per year should only be $2400 annually, and I would think a prepaid meal plan would be less than $10 per day (at least if it only covers lunch). First you can contact the company payroll /HR department and inquire about the canceled meal deductions. You're incredibly unlikely to recover a salary difference that were "supposed" to get unless you have a contract or they admit they screwed up and feel they owe you. Sorry it's not their fault you don't look at your paystubs/w2s. 