 I was assaulted and robbed today, and was wondering, if on top of pressing charges, could I also sue them, and if so, what can I sue them for? Pain and suffering  "You can also ask the DA prosecuting if it’s possible to get restitution to save yourself the trouble of small claims court." -- Very good advice. It's not a guarantee, but happens very often. I'm inclined to agree. OP would need to balance legal costs with a realistic restitution. I would see what the court orders. Then you can decide if you want to sue. Again, remember, the person probably has no money or assets, so suing may not have any point.  Even if they don't have many assets now, there absolutely is a point in suing. You can use a judgement for restitution to recover other ways, such as garnishing future wages. There is the possibility they don't have/get a job to garnish from, but if you didn't sue and they did you'd be missing out.  There absolutely is a point in suing. You can use a judgement for restitution to recover other ways, such as garnishing future wages. There is the possibility they don't have/get a job to garnish from, but if you didn't sue and they did you'd be missing out. Then go for it. You can definitely sue in small claims. You can also ask the DA prosecuting if it’s possible to get restitution to save yourself the trouble of small claims court.  It was 2 guys, and the one they did end up catching claims they did it as a prank, and they were wearing some pretty pricy clothing. Do you think you are actually going to be able to collect? Is it likely that the guy robbing you is going to have the couple hundred bucks or whatever to pay the judgment? They did punch me in the face a couple of times Assuming the person is charged and convicted, the court may order restitution for the damage to your phone and whatever else you might have lost. If the court fails to do so, you can sue the person in small claims court for any such damages. If you were physically injured, you can sue for pain and suffering and any out of pocket costs. If you were not injured and the restitution makes you whole, there is nothing to sue over. Keep in mind, that most robbers don't have much money and insurance won't cover what happened. So there is rarely a point in suing.  They robbed two other people after they robbed me IANAL, If they robbed you, they may not have many assets to begin with. In the event they do or there were other people involved/accessory, they've opened themselves to potential litigation. IANAL. Ooh, ok, well there’s some damage to my phone that will cost a bit to repair What are your damages? That is what you can sue for. 