 So about 20 years ago, I was crossing into Canada for a LAN party (a bunch of nerds meet up with their computers and play video games for a few days). When we crossed the border, they said they wanted to search our computers for illegal stuff. Being a 20-year-old single guy that had only just finally got a broadband internet connection, I of course had some adult videos on there. They searched my computer and claimed I had underage pornography, which was definitely not the case. I was arrested, and spent the night in jail somewhere. I spoke with a detective briefly at like 4am, then was released and allowed to go back to the US. I never heard anything about it since then, other than a letter they sent saying I could come back and get my computer and the peripherals. I never did that because I lived a half day's from the border and didn't want to deal with that. Until recently, I had not returned to Canada. I recently moved closer to the border and have now been to Canada twice. Both times, the agent apparently sees that I'm flagged as having an "immigration issue". I briefly explain what happened, then I have to pull off to the side and speak with an officer and go over the whole thing again. Both times, they have eventually let me through into Canada. It's not a huge deal, but it adds an hour to each trip and it's just stressful to go through all of that again. The original experience was absolutely terrifying and reliving it is not a pleasant experience. Is there anything I can do to stop getting flagged like this? I was told by one guy I have an "allowed to leave", but I have no idea what that is and Google isn't much help on that phrase. If this is something that would be too messy to clear up myself, could I get a lawyer to help? If so, what kind of lawyer would I look for? There isn't a whole lot of information about the "allowed to leave" form/record on the Government of Canada websites. The basis for the withdrawal option comes from section 42(1) of Canada's Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations which says: "Subject to subsection (2), an officer who examines a foreign national who is seeking to enter Canada and who has indicated that they want to withdraw their application to enter Canada shall allow the foreign national to withdraw their application and leave Canada." Border officer guidelines for how to handle "allowed to leave" situations can be found [in this document]() under section 8.5 It doesn't give you much information though, it basically just says that the officer should inform the person why they are believed to be inadmissible and inform the person that if they leave Canada voluntarily, they will be free to seek entry to Canada once the factor causing inadmissibility has been overcome. For reference, the allowed to leave form (IMM 1282B) looks like [this](). Thank you, this is very helpful. When I first crossed last year, the guy that I spoke with talked to his supervisor and said that maybe after a few times crossing I wouldn't have to go through this any more. But I was doubtful of that and you've kind of confirmed my doubts. I just watched the John Green video. "Mr. Green, you're going to die on that list" is what he was told. Ugh. Is there somewhere online I can read more about this? Like an official Canadian website or something? I'm having trouble finding anything. If you have an "allowed to leave" record, it basically means that you previously "voluntarily" withdrew your application to enter Canada after attempting to cross the border... but in reality it usually means that a border agent advised you to withdraw your application to enter Canada because the alternative (e.g. being officially barred from entering Canada) would have been worse. So usually if a border agent suspects that Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) won't allow you to enter Canada, then they will recommend that you withdraw your application and come back in the future after you resolve whatever issue that exists. Allowed to leave records don't result in any penalties, exclusion periods or other such consequences, however a permanent note is made on your file about the withdrawal which may result in more extensive searches and questioning each time you cross the border in the future. Unfortunately, I'm not aware of a way to get off this list. Even celebrities—like well known author/YouTuber John Green—are on the list and still face extra questioning at the border every time they visit Canada... and often people end up with allowed to leave records for very silly/minor/trivial things like not having enough money with them when crossing the border.