 I was going to Southern California to look at a new Chevy Cruze. I planned to pay in cash and googled before my flight what the limit to the amount of money I was allowed to bring was. I saw in domestic there was no limit and the girl at the front desk told me there was no limit either. When I went through security they pulled me to the side and I told them how much money I had and they sent me on my way. When I landed for my layover I was pulled aside by 3 DEA Agents. They were very rude and accused me of carrying the money through for somebody. They told me that what I was doing didn’t make sense and that they could get a better deal down the road (I showed them the specific car I had picked out). They kept accusing me of doing illicit things and trying to poke holes in my story. I had no holes in my story and had nothing these to explain because I was upfront and honest. I had a car I wanted and had never been to California before. This would allow me to not only get a brand new car but see California and see the country on the way home In the end they ended up taking all of my money and going through my wallet and taking the 500 dollars in there and telling me they will contact me in 3ish months and if I can prove the money they will give it back. I was forced to miss my flight to California. They tried to get me into it but I only had $300 dollars left over after they took everything. What are my rights? I feel like this was an invasion of my rights and they robbed me and left me in a strange state/city and told me they’d talk to me in months. I feel like I should be obligated to some sort of reimbursement for missing my flights and hotels and everything. If I could get any type of advice that would help so much  They pay taxes. For things like building services. That they do do. So okay maybe not that dumb but still pretty dumb. They are all selling everything off right now.  Ya I’m guessing it’s more likely we have unscrupulous car dealers on my county. I know a lot of dumb growers with $70,000 trucks. Lifted, shifted........... They brag about destroying vehicles because they can afford it. I’d like to say they are buying them used but they are not.  Yes 100%. But like I said. Someone has to approve their loan. And unless they have great credit (750+) the banks are going to ask for some sort of proof of income be it paystubs or bank statements... And that 750+ isn’t credit card credit it’s real credit... there’s a difference. So those stupid drug dealers you know that are driving around in nice whips, aren’t as stupid as you think...  They don’t do that but they will drop a $9500 down payment down and pay it off quickly.  It is too late now, but you should not consent to questioning, nor of a search by the DEA or any other law enforcement officer at the airport (the TSA is not law enforcement). You also should not have answered any questions regarding how much money you had on you, nor about what your plans for the money were. The DEA will likely eventually file a lawsuit against the money (not you), and you will need to respond to the lawsuit and will have the burden of proof that the money is not the proceeds of illegal activity. In order to have a realistic chance of getting the money back, you will need to hire a lawyer, however lawyers that specialize in these types of cases are very expensive. If you contest the forfeiture, a common outcome is the DEA (or agency that seized the property) will make a settlement offer, in which you receive a portion of the money back in exchange for dropping any further claim to the remaining property (or claims against the agency that seized the property).  Someone had to approve their loan if they didn’t buy it cash. Promise you they didn’t just show up without proof of income and just bought a $40k car cash... if they did, they have some sort of laundering business that when checked the irs goes oh yeah that guy has a lawn care business makes stacks he’s fine buying shit cash. I too, may or may not know some people that have questionable incomes, also not the brightest. But they make it work I know a lot of drug dealers with big fancy cars. They aren’t all that intelligent.  Nah they really don’t because of that paper they sign. Unless they have a good money laundering business. The irs check all those transactions above 10k because of how they sketch it is. Drug dealers spend more money on shit cars with hella mods or chains and cloths  're going to need an attorney versed in forfeiture Unfortunately, these types of lawyers are very expensive. Unless the OP can get pro-bono representation, it is unlikely attempting to prove the money is legitimately his will be cost efficient. This is likely part of the reason why forfeiture has been able to proliferate as much as it has.  That’s what drug dealers spend their money on. Since when is it against the law to carry cash? Why do you have to explain anything if you’re not breaking the law? They caught it because this was his first time doing whatever illegal money trafficking scheme he was involved in, and instead of quietly getting on a plane with 30k in his pocket or carryon that probably would never be noticed, he was paranoid and felt the need to announce it to TSA with his bullshit story. Mods, this is an obvious troll. Wait so you had a layover in Chicago on your way to Cali? So you most likely are coming from the far East coast? Question, why physical cash? Why not a debit card, cashier's check, or credit card. Why carry the physical cash with you the whole time, instead of making a withdrawal when you're there. Do you really think that after California taxes, registration, etc... That the exact figure for your car will be 30k?  't figure out that you are actually trafficking money. This is what exactly what he's doing, and there's no way he's going to find a convincing angle to this stupid story. "I was flying across the country to purchase a unique, restored, vintage car from a private seller who will only take cash" - Believable. "I was flying across the country to buy a super special model of the most pedestrian of domestic cars, that any local chevy dealer would probably have easily been able to get shipped to them." - obvious bullshit. Yep. Paying cash doesn't literally mean, paying cash. It means you have the cash to pay for it up front. After taxes, fees, title, registration, I highly doubt you'll get a clean 30,000 figure either. Furthermore, what dealership is going go accept 30,000 in cash on the spot? This is 99% a troll. Considering the market segment, cost, and general availability of the Cruze as a model, most people just wouldn't travel further than the nearest Chevy dealership. Those who do travel to get rare, expensive, desirable vehicles do not generally carry the funds with them on the trip. Traveling across the country with a large amount of cash for something most people would not travel for, that's great big red flags to TSA/DEA/other alphabet soup agencies. Nobody wants a Chevy Cruze...except maybe the government and they would just lease it.  Why not? You would if you were buying it off Craigslist. Buddy if nine sold his car for 20k, in cash. The op said it was a special edition and only 500 were produced. He doesn't say how he is buying it, but maybe it's off Craigslist where cash is the only currency accepted? When you take delivery of a car in California, you pay California sales tax on it. In many (maybe most) states you can then deduct that amount from the tax due when you import the car. It's actually pretty complicated. Tesla tried to get an exception for factory deliveries that would immediately leave the state but didn't convince the Legislature. To be fair, I think you pay sales tax to the DMV in whichever state you register the car tell that to the OP.  Go ahead and contact them:  Yes they would, you just have to sign a document saying that it isn’t drug money and you obtained it legally. Anything above $9,999... I’m in car sales and I would never imagine a car dealership not want to make a sale “because they don’t know where the money came from” lol hilarious. Bro some dealerships would probably still try to make it work somehow. that's not something we know.  If they have a better case elsewhere they’ll ignore you. They probably already have a better case elsewhere.  This is a bad case for it as OP describes it. There's a pending SCOTUS case (Timbs v. Indiana) that may determine how states are limited by the Eighth Amendment pertaining to civil forfeiture. While it would probably not directly apply here since the DEA is federal (unless the Court outright bans it, an unlikely but not completely improbable result), it could provide guidance later. you mean like no civil forfeiture without a criminal conviction?  Not if they have a better case elsewhere.  For the future, you can simply call your bank at the point of purchase and tell them you're buying a car, hand the phone to the dealer, and they'll facilitate the transfer. You never need to bring cash. They have banks in California. There are also cashiers checks, money orders, wire transfers, so many different ways to not have to carry a suitcase full of cash. You may not have done anything wrong, but you didn’t do anything smart either. I hope you can provide an accounting of how you obtained that money and you can get it back, and I hope you learned that it’s better to act smart AND not do anything wrong.  You do not think the ACLU would think this is a good president to set if the OP can prove everything wasd on the up and up? Seems like a great way to stop the theft of millions from people every year by BS cop hunches. Lol...just google forfeiture money for car....this happens all the time. Completely believable. Or even, withdraw the money once you arrive in town. I would never consider bringing that much cash on a flight - where it could be lost, stolen, or in this case seized - for a situation like this. Perhaps OP wasn’t doing anything wrong and this is just bad luck, but I can 100% see where they’re coming from in saying this looks insanely suspicious.  Because the US is a police state. You're absolutely right: you weren't breaking any laws. However, the DEA doesn't give a fuck about that, wants your money, and has the power to take it. The other person's suggestion to contact the ACLU was good, but the [Institute for Justice]() is probably better as that organization is more specifically focused on civil forfeiture. The ACLU isn't legal aid ... they usually only take cases that will set good legal precedent. The limit is 10k without questions being asked. You should be able to prove to them it is lawfully your money and get it back.  This makes absolutely zero sense. 30k isn’t that much (volume wise). Why on earth would anyone have caught it? You're worried about reimbursement for missed flights and a hotel room and even the 500 dollars in your wallet.... you dont seem nearly as upset over the missing 30k. No dealer or private entity in their right mind would ever take that kind of cash as payment for a car. There's certified or cashiers checks for that. Good luck. You're going to need a great lawyer well versed in civil forfeiture. Why cash though? Why not cashiers checks? Normally airlines will rebook you on the next flight at no cost if your flight was missed through no fault of your own. It sounds like the money was seized because they suspect it is proceeds of a crime, or you are using the money to buy drugs. I would contact the Illinois state bar for a lawyer. What is the original source of the money? NAL: This seems like a civil forfeiture thing. It is ridiculous and shitty, but it is hard to do anything about it. Basically, the gov't has charged your property, and not you, with a crime. What that crime is, I have no idea. Contact a lawyer to figure out if the DEA has already set up a court date against your money (a RIDICULOUS SENTENCE, btw) because if you miss it, they keep the money. My personal opinion is that I am not convinced by your story (no offense) which means that convincing a lawyer and a judge miiiiiight be hard. Both bitcoin and ether run on public blockchains, and, for the most part, they’re highly traceable, since you have to exchange them into local currency at some point. $30k is what now, 500k btc? 750 btc now. 900k. Screw it, I'll right a check. No. This is why people use a wire transfer. You use bitcoin and ether if you want it untraceable.  Because your actions are certainly suspicious. There are much more convenient ways to transfer that kind of money over great distances. Why select this method?  Let’s get this straight... -You want a Chevy Cruze. Okay. That’s fine. -You want a rare, hard to find Cruze. Okay that’s fine too -You want to fly to get it. hmm... -You want to pay $30K for it. What??!???? -You want to take gobs of cash. Instead of a more secure method of payment. On a plane. For a Chevy Cruze. A $30K Cruze. HAHAHAHA!!! Okay. -You want to post this soft story on Reddit instead of contacting a lawyer. You’re an idiot.  They aren't going to contact you. You will need to get an attorney to sue them and get the money back. They may offer you a settlement where you get 50% back to resolve the lawsuit.  You're going to need an attorney versed in forfeiture to help you navigate how to "prove" yourself innocent. Prove in quotes because your story is so unique that you'll want to be very fastidious in any contact concerning this issue. I just like how talking about cryptocurrency is the new "I'm vegan" lol Why you doing weird shit like getting on a plane with 30 grand to by a shit car that costs 20 grand across the country? This story sounds like you are trying to find advice on how to back up your shady ass story to the police so that you don't figure out that you are actually trafficking money. I hope that you are not actually trafficking money and that this is just a wake up call for you to not do weird shit in the future before you start wondering why your being questioned for writing down the schematics, number of employees, customers and cameras at your local Wells Fargo. I hope you get your money back because even if it is yours I don't have much faith in the wanting to steal your money part of our law enforcement system. Do a wire transfer next time.  I understand but I was not breaking any laws and have nothing to hide so why would I be afraid to look suspicions   Maybe. But I wouldn't fly across the country with a suitcase full of 100s or whatever, because of how suspicious that would look.  I wanted a specific cruise. There was 500 produced and the combination of leather and features was a very rare make. I found 2 in the entirety of North America. One of which being in Canada. This is exactly what they said and they even teased me to “go down the road and get one”. I wanted this specific car. If you’re buying a car you have been saving for years would you not pick the one that most suits you?  Oh shut it This story doesn't make sense. I'm very opposed to civil asset forfeiture laws, but I don't believe you carried $30k in cash half way across the country to buy a car that would have been in available at a dealership in your home town. If I don't believe you, TSA/DEA sure as hell doesn't. A cashier's check would have been more plausable.  When it has $10K of cocaine stashed in it.  Out of curiosity I specced out a Cruze and you can get it to $30,540 if I literally including every possible option. I have no idea why someone would do this since there's a dozen cars in this class that are both better and cheaper. This is why people use bitcoin and ether.  I can see why the DEA would stop you for that amount of cash. Seems far to travel for a Chevy Cruse and people don't generally take $30,000 cash to buy a car. Unfortunately it doesn't matter now. You'll have to prove it's your legally obtained income Since when is a Chevy Cruz $30k. Should be under 20k. They’re also super common and readily available everywhere.  It was domestic. I got pulled by Chicago DEA but that’s not where I’m from  Just out of curiosity, how far did you fly to go to California? Are you seriously saying that you flew to California, with one of the highest tax rates in the country, to buy an ugly Chevy sedan in cash? You’ll need to prove that you earned the money before they give it back. It’s very sketchy, but that’s the law as it stands. Google civil forfeiture or asset seizure. The Government just recently allowed this again. Yes it violates your 4th amendment but so far they have funded a lot of police needs with this program. You will need a lawyer and it will cost you money to get your money.  So proving the money is legal/mine isn’t enough? I am going to have to sue them? Welcome to the sad world of civil forfeiture. I would reach out to legal foundations (ACLU, etc.) that fight for our freedoms to see if they would consider helping you sue the government to get your money back - yes, that is what it takes to get your cash back from the DEA and other agencies. it's not a good idea to carry so much cash. and if you do, you should carry bank statements or whatever to prove it's lawfully earned. the dea does have the power under civil forfeiture laws to seize property and cash if they believe it has ties to the drug trade. unfortunately at this point in time, the amount of proof they need is incredibly low. so your best bet right now is to contact the ACLU and see if they can help you. as unless you're able to pay, i doubt any lawyer will take this case. 