  Hello everyone. State of residence: Florida. I currently am a photographer on the side and upload video and photos to a popular stock photography site as a side gig. I was letting the money accumulate in the account as a sort of savings I guess (I'm an idiot for not transferring it to the bank as soon as possible, hind-sight is 20/20 I suppose). I had set the payout threshold to $10,000 anticipating it would be a nice surprise when the account hits the number after 3 or 4 years. I promptly forgot about the account and just let it sit and sell my stuff for a few years. I checked in once every few months to see how the sales were going. On Dec 15th someone entered my account and made a payment request for the full balance. They added a payout account linked to a prepaid mastercard (I cant see the numbers in the account info on my end) and had the balance transferred. I noticed on a whim on Dec 19th when I logged in to check how the account was doing. I called the stock agency that evening and pleaded with them to contact the company that owns the payout method used and cancel that transaction/freeze that account as it is a fraudulent account. I also made a written request online and I also contacted the company that was used as payout (who could not help me without the cards account number or username of the account holder... neither of which I have of course as it is not actually my account). The stock agency made it seem like they were taking care of it, and assured me they would be able to work with me on this matter. I called almost daily to be told the same story, that they were working with risk teams at both the stock agency and the payout company to get more information but not to worry, they would fix it. On Jan 2nd I get an update from the stock agency saying that since the breach was not on their end and someone logged in using my password, that I had no recourse and they were not responsible that this occurred. I do not use this password on any sites aside from the stock agency that I can remember, unless it was a long time ago. So I am unsure how someone could have this password aside from an old data breach or something similar. I called the payout company to find out more about the case from their end. They tell me their first contact from the stock agency to freeze the account was Dec 26th, and they froze the credit card and were able to stop the card with $351 remaining from the original $7500. When I inquired to the stock agency why they took so long to contact the payout company to request an account freeze, they tell me they contacted them on Dec 20th, the same day I notified them (which is not what the payout company is telling me). I argued with the stock agency that if someone at their office had contacted the payout company to freeze the account earlier more could have been done (negligence?). I also argued that I am amazed that of all my microstock accounts, this stock agency is the only one that doesn't send you an email informing of a change in the payment method of the account. Other sites either require you to click a link to confirm the change from an email they send or at least send an email notifying, this agency doesn't do either of these. I argued to get the IP address that was logged in and got denied saying that for privacy reasons they could not share that (I don't see why... it's my account, and there would be no reason to protect my own privacy from me). I argued to get the info of the the payout account owner to get an address or name or something/anything to give to police but the payout company says only the stock agency can request that since it isnt my account... and the stock agency says that to get that I'll need to get a subpoena and subpoena the payout company directly to get that (that they have no access, which I feel must be bull, if not how do they know where to send the money?). I contacted a few lawyers offices but have been told the same thing on all occasions, that this isn't a case they would take. Two of them have also told me that realistically the cost involved to chase the company down would be prohibitive and would cost more than the $7500 that was stolen. Florida allows you to take someone to court (I understand?) if the monetary amount of damages is less than $5,000... but in this case it isn't. I figure I should have a case though because the contributor contract that we have to agree too in order to sell on the stock agency states that " we will pay you 50% of all license fees collected by us from customers and resellers and other redistributors for your Content, and we will deduct and retain 50% of such license fees as compensation to us ..." it does not say your account, it says 'you' and 'I' was not paid in this scenario... can I get them on breach of contract? I can't link the account, because the rules don't allow me to indicate the company name, not sure how to get around that as it is on their website. So, good people of the reddit.... give me something, anything, do I have any options here worth pursuing? Even if I cant get the money back (although that would be ideal) I would love to get the info of where these people that did this live and names. The payout company requires a photo ID I believe to open an account, so if they are in the states I may have a way to get this to the police maybe they can do something? Any advice at all? Thanks in advance. Not a Lawyer. You usually can't get a subpoena without a suit. You probably can't get a suit without filing a bunch of complicated paperwork correctly and paying money to the court, then navigating the court system, while the other side has a couple of lawyers who know how to make the system work against you. You might get somewhere in small claims, but keep in mind that the moment you sue, you are likely to have your account closed out permanently. They are going to decline to do any further business with you. They are also likely to enforce any arbitration or dispute clauses in your contract. Small Claims is designed for non-lawyers, but you're still going to be in a fight against a much better armed opponent. Thank you for the reply. The police didn't seem very useful when I called them initially. Without a name or address or anything to go on it's just not something they'll waste the resources to chase I guess. I opened the case anyways but I don't anticipate much from them unless I can get them some of the info to make this worth chasing, IMO. You don't believe I can argue either breach of contract for paying someone who isn't me or negligence by taking 6 days to contact the payout company to freeze the account? I was hoping one of those might be my way to get something in the way of help from them. Ideally the payout company must have an ID on file, so I feel like the info of who did this is available,... I'm just not able to get it, without a subpoena. And I cant get a subpoena without a lawyer it seems?  Not a Lawyer. Firstly, there's a lot of excess information in your post that makes it hard to determine what exactly you're looking for. After a few readings, here's what I can tell you: You probably do not have breach of contract. The money went to someone who they had a reasonable belief was you, which makes pushing it difficult and time consuming. You have a case against the person who took your money, not them. Go to the police. This person stole money from you, and they are your only chance to find the person who did this. Most of the information you've been asking for requires a subpoena, and either you need a Lawyer who can push the case forward, or a Cop investigating. Lastly, set your expectations. There is an extremely high chance that nothing will happen as a result of all this. You will probably never know who did this - they probably used a set of processes to make this difficult to follow, and things like IP addresses are likely spoofed or anonymized. 