 As others have said, no one can tell you. You have some things working for you (it was at least partially caught on video, you have text messages that sound like he acknowledges that he didn't listen to you saying no) and you have things working against you (it's been 6 months and you both now live in a different state, which shouldn't matter but in practice may, depending on the Missouri PD....also, the fact that it's Missouri may not help much). But this does seem to have some very strong evidence in your favor. I might suggest contacting RAINN's sexual abuse hotline. I'm sorry, I'm on mobile and can't get it to link for some reason, but just Google that and it will come up. The way the hotline works is that you'll be connected with a national operator and you'll talk to them about the situation. They'll then connect you with local resources (probably both in Missouri for victim's advocacy stuff and Washington for ongoing support) that will have a much better idea of what you're looking at than random Redditors will. It is 100% confidential and no cost, and I think it's probably a better source of information for you than this forum. I'm sorry your boyfriend did such a horrible thing to you and I hope you are doing okay. You have video evidence right? They should not brush that of. It did happen in a different state, but you might be able to get justice.  There are no guarantees either way. Sexual assault has an abysmally and distressingly low conviction rate, 0.7% according to the Washington Post. Nowadays accusations are normally taken seriously but they’re still hard to prove. Either way, you need to take care of you. Rainn might be beneficial.   No one can answer that. You will need to report it to the police in Missouri, since that's where it occurred. You may need to go back there to testify if he is charged.  Well you said “ no” after so you have a case. But I’m more concerned him taping even it’s gonna be a huge evidence, he can easily threat you or just spread on the internet without your knowledge. Once the video is on the internet, you can’t remove it. Please don’t blame yourself. At the time you were too drunk to take responsible for your words, actions and it doesn’t mean it’s your fault. He had to stop when you said “No” especially you were crying. I don’t know you but I feel so sorry about this happened to you. The tape/video can be an evidence so just consider what you want to do with your BF and imagine what would happen/ your BF would do if you report. Is there any victim support groups around your area? You need some support to heal. Take care and be strong. So what’s your plan if you report him? Is there a shelter you can go to or family you can stay with?  But will anything come of it? I don’t want to report it if they’re just going to brush it off and he never gets convicted.  Because I’m pregnant and when I leave I will be sleeping in my car in Washington state.  Yes, you should report it. If he did it once there is no garuntee that he won't do it again. Please report Well my question is, is why are you still dating him? 