 My daughter is a 3 year member of her school's show choir team, which basically put is choreographed competitive singing and dancing. Before and in-between performances, boys and girls sometimes have to share a room to change (down to bras and underwear), but it usually happens so quick nobody really bats an eye. Last weekend at a competition it was discovered, by accident, that a male senior student (18) had set a phone in his backpack pocket, set the backpack in a room corner, and turned the camera towards boys and girls aged 15-18 changing. When it was discovered it had been recording for 28 minutes. Boy immediately snatched the phone away from the girl who had found it, and said something along the lines of "Oh I didn't know it was recording." My daughter says they then told their show choir program director, who had a conversation with him where he admitted to recording purposefully. His mother was then seen crying and apparently she deleted the video off his phone. The director stated that "punishment" would be handed down Tuesday, but on Tuesday nothing happened and he apparently attended all his classes. He has since changed his story several times, first saying he didn't know it was going, then saying that he knew it was going but he wasn't the one who started it, to the current stance of "it's all made up". This boy has a history of extreme anger (hitting students, throwing music stands, chairs desks, in-class temper-tantrums, etc.) and doesn't respect personal boundaries of anyone (constantly touching others, spamming my daughter and numerous other girls with dozens of requests to "come over", etc.) yet he has always been let off easy. My guess is because his mother is a prominent member of the school board and a whole bunch of other parent organizations. They have been "investigating" the manner and interviewing students, they have also sent out an email stating such, but as of today all that is being done to him is a one day in-school suspension, which he served today according to my daughter. The police have not been contacted or involved in any way. Almost the entire student body and all the parents I've spoke to are royally mad that the police have not been involved yet and that he's getting off Scott free. Should I anonymously tip the police to what's been going on? I feel that I'm morally obligated to, as I'm 99% sure he broke some kind of law(s). How would I go about that? He violated my daughter's privacy and respect, and every other student's as well. Would the police even respond to a tip about this? What should I do? Thank you. You don’t need permission to call the police. Go ahead and do it yourself.  Call the police and make a report.