 My family moved out of our apartment on 10/31 and left on good terms with the landlord and their employees. I sent an email a few weeks later to ensure that they had our correct forwarding address. After the craziness of the holidays, I realized that we had never gotten our deposit back. I emailed them again on 1/3 and was informed that they had mailed the check to our address several weeks prior (possible, our mail at our new home is TERRIBLE, but also possible they were bluffing) and confirmed they had the correct address (they did). I was told they were going to check whether it was cashed and get back to us. I just sent another email to follow-up again after my mailbox failed once again to yield that beautiful piece of paper. My question is this: What happens if the check was cashed? How can we prove that we were not the ones to cash it if we have to sue? The landlord's office is in NYC. Thank you in advance!  Well for starters, having your bank records show a lack of deposits from the check. Two possibilities here: your landlord is lying, or the check was stolen If the landlord is lying: Written notice Small claims. Bring some bank records, your lease, records of all your communications when trying to get it back. You should probably also send something via certified mail with return receipt. You'll find a lot more useful info here Well for starters, having your bank records show a lack of deposits from the check. Two possibilities here: your landlord is lying, or the check was stolen If the landlord is lying: Written notice Small claims. Bring some bank records, your lease, records of all your communications when trying to get it back. You should also send a demand letter via certified mail with a delivery receipt and bring that receipt too. You can find more info here If it was stolen: Ask your landlord to check with their bank to figure out who cashed the check. I helped someone else who had a stolen check issue and the bank was able to figure out who actually cashed it. In the mean time, you need to file a police report and file an affidavit with your bank ASAP. It's unfortunately time consuming but it's your best course of action. There are a few other Reddit legal advice posts about similar stolen check issues, like this one  [removed] Contact your bank and see what they can tell you.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.