 I had a 9 month lease, from September 15th to June 15th, in a 3 bedroom unit in Southern California through a rental company. During the summer, the unit is a short term rental (because it’s by the beach), therefore it came furnished. We moved out in June, and if I’m being honest, my roommates had caused some damage to the place (which caused a lot of friction between us throughout the lease). The security deposit was $3000 and I figured we wouldn’t be getting much of that back. I just got a notice from the rental company that on top of the security deposit, they would be charging another $3000, making that $6000 in damages total. The costs they claimed to fix were set at crazy prices. For example, to repaint the 1300 square foot apartment, they charged $1500. The walls just had normal scuffs on them when we left with maybe a few nail holes. To clean the couches (just two of them and one of them was really a love seat) was $400. Under California tenant law, I thought normal wear and tear was not included. Additionally, is there any law that states that they should get multiple quotes to get a fair price for repairs? Maybe I am naive, but I was just flabbergasted at the prices they stated. The place when we moved in was kind of a dump, so I am just shocked and it almost feels like a scam. Am I just screwed and need to pay the additional costs or is it worth it to say something to the rental company? I agree that we should be paying for some damages, but at this pricing it just seems so unreasonable. Thank you! I had begun to compile local quotes for the jobs they said they did and there is a huge price discrepancy. I’ll bring that up with the rental office. I appreciate the info Landlords don’t need to shop around for lowest bidders. They can’t do is upgrade the place on your dime. Has to be similar quality stuff. Also things like carpet have a lifetime and you’re only responsible for the depreciated value of that. You can dispute the charges. If you don’t get anywhere you can sue in small claims court. You’ll have to convince a judge that what they are charging is way too excessive. Quotes for the work done will be useful. If everyone says it’s a $500 job and they charged you $1000 they’ll likely go with the $500. If there’s a bunch of quotes that range from 500-1000 then the 1000 is reasonable.