 For the last few weeks I've been receiving debt collection calls and mail from the American Medical Collection Agency on behalf of Quest Diagnostics for a procedure I supposedly had on July 21, 2018 for $94 in Minnesota. I began moving out of Minnesota on June 27th and have NOT been back or received further medical care in that state. I had my legal residence changed with the Social Security Administration on July 1st. I have legally been paying rent and living solely in my new state since that time. To clarify, they have stated that this procedure was done on July 21st and they received the invoice on December 11th. There is no way that this is from me. I haven't received any medical care in the state of Minnesota (and only through my PCP) since March of 2018. The company reaching out to me to collect this debt only has my old MN address. Am I the victim of Fraud? Is this a fake debt? What do I do to rectify this? You can dispute the account on your credit report. The credit reporting agencies will then turn to this collection agency and make them prove that you do owe said debt.  I'll give them a call in the morning or on Monday during business hours. Start at the beginning. Call Quest Diagnostics. The last set of bloodwork I had done was in March of 2018. This is stating that I had something done on July 21st prior to me establishing a PCP in my new state. Did you have bloodwork done via your PCP? I’ve had bills legit from Quest stemming from physicals.  On Google it looks like you are in the same boat as many people. Do you have any idea where the bill is supposed to be from? If it is a hospital or doctors office you may be able to get a zero balance statement or a letter from them for your records. If you have an address for the collection company you could send this statement along with a letter telling them that you challenge the collection notice and ask them to provide proof that you owe the debt. Legally they have to be able to verify that the debt is owed. Watch your credit report and if the debt is on your credit report challenge that as well. You do not want this debt to mess up your credit. I've tried. My phone number is still a MN number, and every call I've received through them says it's from MN but comes from different numbers or towns in MN with the same area code. They appear to be spoofing it. I did answer once out of curiosity. They wanted to know all of my information including the last 4 of my ssn, which I refused to supply, I refused to verify anything, and told them if they to send out a letter if they really had a debt to collect. A letter arrived at my old residence and is being scanned and emailed to me by my old roommate as we speak. Have you googled this company? It looks like a scam company that does ding credit reports. Other people may be able to tell you how to get rid of the bill but you may want to talk to someone. Normally I would suggest telling them to verify the bill. But it doesn’t look like they work with anybody they just file any non-payment as bad debt.