 We are in a bit of a unique situation. We live in BC, and adopted a dog from Washington State a couple of months ago. On the adoption agency's site, the dog was listed as neutered and up to date on vaccinations. I have a screen shot of this information. Since we have had him, we've noticed he acts like an intact dog (humping, discharge from penis, excessive marking, and reactivity to other dogs, other dogs' aggression towards him, running away, eating everything non-food related). We brought him to our vet for an overall checkup, and he was written off as healthy. We acquired the previous vets' information (through the owner) and got his vet records emailed to us, which also state he is a neutered male. The owner also told us he is neutered when we met up to meet the dog. And since there was no testicles on the physical exam, we assumed he was just a dog with behavioural issues. We hired a trainer ($580) to help us work on these issues that we thought were due to under socialization. We didn't officially adopt him from the adoption agency as the owner worked with us directly after we found the dog's listing through the adoption agency. Although we didn't sign anything, I have messages from the owner saying that this dog is ours after we had a successful trial period with the dog. He is registered with our city, and his microchip is under our name now. We thought it might be good to enroll him in daycare to increase his socialization, but he was rejected due to the way other dogs acted towards him. We decided to get his testosterone level checked, and got the news that he is in fact not neutered, and has cryptorchidism (undescended testicles). The surgery will cost over $1000 as this is essentially an exploratory surgery to find the testicles. We have pet insurance, but it will not cover it as this is considered an elective surgery. We want to go ahead with the procedure, to decrease his chances of getting testicular cancer, and to improve his behaviour. What legal grounds do we have to get this procedure (and possibly other expenses we spent trying to correct the behaviour) paid for by either the owner, previous vet who certified the dog as neutered, or adoption agency who advertised the dog as neutered? Due to his behavioural issues, we have spent over $8000 (he needed emergency surgery for eating EVERYTHING one night, tennis balls, bags, everything, costing $5000) on him in the last 3 months, from training to vet emergencies due to what we thought was his lack of training, but is really due to his balls.   Honestly you probably won't get any of that paid. The rescue likely got a dog in that appeared to be neutered. Even your vet assumed he was. They are not going to do an exploratory surgery on a dog that gets dumped on them, so the vet made the best decision he could. You also won't be able to prove that those issues are all from being intact. Lots of dogs are intact and don't behave that way. 