 I’m thinking of opening an Etsy store that makes high quality cosplay masks, guns, etc probably mainly from games. If I take orders solely on a commission basis, such as “ I want you to make me a master chief helmet” am I infringing on there copyright? On tv you see People who customize cars or make cakes that have copyrighted material on them like putting a captain America shield on the hood of a car.  It's illegal to make a derivative work of a copyrighted material. What they're paying for doesn't change that. If you're making or selling the final product you need permission from the copyright holder. They probably for permission from the license holder, they may have even paid to use the IP. How does what there actually paying for come into play? Is it illegal for me to make a copyrighted figure for a friend if I ask for them to pay for the material? What about my time spent making it? I’m not trying to find a “loophole” I just want to know what is and isn’t legal, and how people like The cake boss or the people on counting cars get away with using copyrighted material. Thanks for your insightful comment :). No you can't make money off other people's copyrighted material.  Those would be copyrighted since they're derived from a copyrighted work, and it would be infringment to create or distribute those. “ I want you to make me a master chief helmet” am I infringing on there copyright? Yes, similar to how it's still illegal to rob a bank even if someone asked you to do it. Sometimes they have permission, sometimes they do not and they're risking getting in trouble. There's a ton of IP infringement on the internet. People can get away with it for a while, but the longer they do it the more likely they are to be caught. Some people are caught immediately on ETSY as big companies like disney and nintendo don't mess around. If you get too many takedowns on etsy, their policy is to ban you and your friends and family from selling on etsy for life. Not worth it in my book. Additionally, companies don't have to send a takedown, they could jump straight to suing for up to $150k per infringment, although that's rare. Companies like disney have been known to start by suing small companies and having investigators seize all their computers/printers and etc. It is common for a lot of artists to make infringing "Fan art" for sale, sometimes companies choose to allow this, but it's best to get permission or a license.