 I live in Texas and I'm preparing to sue for under $1,000 This incident took place at my previous home (Mom's house) 6 months ago. My neighbor's dog (full blood pit) broke through the fence and attacked my gf's chihuahua We have the police report, vet bills, certified mail receipt from letter requesting payment, and declaration of event from an eye witness. My question is, Is there anything else we can be doing to help our case? And do I need a lawyer for this?  Great advice with the highlighting and being as prepared as possible. I’ll look through everything and highlight all the main points I’m trying to get across including amounts and dates. Like in your case, there really isn’t any position the defendant can argue from with a strong stance. Thank you chiming in.  I’m going to have a constable do it and I’m tracking that fee into the amount sought after. As well as court fees. I think I have the advantage due to the facts and breeds of dog but I want to be cautious and make sure it’s a no question win for me. Thanks for answering. I've done small claims and my best advice, is to go in organized. I was starting a small business and got scammed, so traced the scammer and filed police reports and sued. I took a copy of all evidence, screenshots, timeline, printed emails (with headers), etcwith dividers and labels and a copy for the defendant and judge to follow along with. She showed up with nothing and the judge read through it all, let me speak 5 minutes then asked her if she had anu answer to this mountasin of evidence, and she said no. I won. Judge told me, I wish all plantiffs cane in this prepared and did not waste my time. Be calm, unemotional and lay the facts on the line. Make sure to organize your evidence, highlight important parts and write some notes for yourself if you think you might get nervous. Dress nicely (no shorts or ball caps or sundresses). You'll probably end up spending more on the lawyer than the entire case is up for. It sounds like you've got everything. Know that you'll have to have somebody serve the lawsuit papers to the defendant and that will cost extra as well as filing costs. Keep all this in mind.