 My ex boyfriend and I split up after 7 years together in July, splitting custody of 2 kids without any court involvement. We’ve rented a home together for the past 3 years, and he does not pay any bills (I pay the full rent, electric, water, etc. on my own without any support from him). His name is still on the lease and when I renew in April, he’s agreed to remove his name. He does not have any belongings at my house. However, he will not return his key and has entered without permission multiple times. After a texting fight today, over him taking the kids on my weekend when we have a trip planned, my ex entered my house while I was at work, and I assumed was taking pictures for a potential custody filing, as multiple things were moved around and left awkwardly staged - such as pulling alcohol to the front of fridge (he’s threatened to try and take full custody for child support multiple times, which I’m not concerned about as I’ve been reassured by an attorney that we’d likely end up with 50/50 through the courts, as we have now). Does he have legal right to enter my house despite moving out and signing a lease with a friend in July? Can I change the locks without his permission to ensure he’s no longer accessing my house while I’m at work?  You'll be able to show them to the judge in the custody case, and the judge isn't going to be happy. Dumbass moves like he is pulling reflect very badly on people trying to prove they are trustworthy and responsible enough to raise kids. How you can go about keeping him out of your house is something you'll probably want a lawyer's help with. Because you not only want to do things the proper legal way, but in a way that demonstrates best that you are the best person for your kids to be with. I’m planning on buying cameras tomorrow and installing tomorrow night. Will I be able to do anything with evidence of him entering the house when he’s been asked not to unless it’s discussed beforehand?  You, lawyer, now. He is trying to set you up for a fall, and you need to have a professional advising you before you do anything.