 Short. Was hired. Demoted for made up reasons that kept changing. Then sent home to be made an example of. Unprecedented. Told I lack follow through. Boss regularly stays at home for weeks and drinks himself into a stooper. Had come to work intoxicated and was dismissed by upper management. Had other managers go to his house and call ambulance because he had alchohol poisoning. Had anger issues and showed aggression on multiple occasions to establish dominance or show frustration in the work place. Operations manager and HR aware but do nothing. I was offered ultimatum of look for another job or be let go immediately. So, I started a Job as a "Logistical warehouse supervisor" last year in may. Within the first week, there were several contradictions made by the GM of things he had said himself. Examples are him saying that he HATES micromanaging and thusly I was trusted with what time and how long to take my lunch breaks. I would take an hour midday like most full time salary gigs I've had prior. I asked what the dress code was. "As long as your not wearing sandals and offensive t shirts, we dont care." So I went and bought some new plaid shorts that were comfortable, presentable, and easy to move in. I was later sat down and told that NO ONE there takes and hour lunch. That I was taking my lunch at an inopportune time as I may be needed at anytime during late morning. (Shift was 4am-1pm). I was also told that my shorts were too bright and colorful and I needed to stick with a neutral tone like black or beige or Jean. Fast forward. This was a good paying job for me and I liked what I was doing so I made adjustments and stuck it out. A few weeks later, I was sat down once again and told that my "follow through" left something to be desired. I asked for specific examples and he said that I hadn't completed tasks (that I was never told were a part of my position) and that I wasnt managing the temps and the staff the way he saw fit. He offered me an ultimatum of taking a step down to an hourly position as the "Warehouse Lead", or trying to make all the adjustments to stay into the management role. The tasks I was accused of not following through on were things like not knowing how to use the computer system (custom for their company). When I said that no one had shown me proper operation and navigation of their systems, i was told it was my fault for not taking time from the warehouse and seeking someone out to sit down and show me, they were upset i wasnt staying until 3 or 4 PM to be sure every thing was completed by the afternoon crew, looking for a cheaper gas supplier as we used gas powered forklifts, etc... he said that as of 60 days in, I only knew 60% of my job functions because I wasnt taking initiative. So I opted to take a pay cut and go to hourly. In the same conversation the manager said, "well I'm glad that's the choice you've made, because if you would have disagreed that you were not a good fit for that position, I more than likely would have shaken your hand and said, "we are within our 90 days and are going to go a different direction, thank you." haha". I was a little thrown off by it but, ok. So I was still coming in and completing the same exact functions as I was in the salary position as they never hired another warehouse supervisor. The only difference was the lack of administrative responsibilities and that I was accruing overtime when applicable. Skip to 2 or 3 months later. Manager tells me to talk with associates about staying out of his way while he was on the forklift and to put away microwaves before dishwashers and to stay off their phones while working. I relayed. 2 days later I was sat down and told that I was not keeping a close enough eye on the staff because they were still putting away things out of order and that I need to be following them and making sure they are doing things correctly. I was told that he was upset because I wasnt demanufacturing (draining refrigerant) from the fridges in a timely manner, which I was not EPA certified to do. Was told that people were putting away parts incorrectly and I didnt catch it. Was told that I didnt check the inbound screen in the morning and wasnt aware that a truck from the distribution center was missing. I was dismissed for rest of the day. This was such an unheard of move, that everyone wanted to know what I had done so wrong. The AGM told a temp that I had been dismissed as a disciplinary action and that he was unsure of my future with the company. I found this out, because said temp had been working under my direction for 2 weeks and thought is didnt seem right that he was being giving this information and called me about it. This is when I began looking for other jobs. 2 days later, I was again sat down to discuss why I wasnt being my normal outgoing and cheerful self and that it seemed like I didnt want to be there. I explained why I was upset as I had felt very singled out due to the fact that I had the lowest error rate of any employee there, but always seemed to be getting spoken with by the manager and then being sent home I felt as if I was being made an example of. I was then given the option of keeping the Lead position until I found another job or dismissing myself that day. NOW to the fun part. 4th of July bbq at work. I ask the QA manager if the team ever went out for drinks. He said the GM had a serious drinking problem and not to bring up alchohol around him. That the GM was known to just not shown up for a week at a time every couple months and would lock himself in his apartment and drink excessively. I was told that the OPS manager had been to his house and had called EMTs to come take him to the hospital because she feared for his life. Later on I was told by every person that worked there, that he was famous for showing up intoxicated to work safety meeting and was dismissed by the safety manager. He did this twice during my time there. The GM was also very infatuated with psychology and would often give psychological reviews of how he studied people and how there were interacting on the work environment, specifically if they had a winning team mindset or how their actions and body language told you "all you need to know." A specific example would be me saying that another company charged "them" (upper management) for something, and him saying that my use of "them" and not "us" showed that I didn't think of myself as part of the team. The GM would regularly have outbursts of cursing followed by hitting his desk, slamming papers down to get people to stop complaining and asking "what the f do you want me to do about it?!" And also had a habit of throwing his computer mouse in anger. The GM also retained an employee that regularly slammed open doors so hard out of anger that it broke holes into the wall on the other side. Until that employee blew up for a 3rd time and was slamming appliances around and yelling and swearing to the point of people I'm the office being afraid to leave to office and go into the warehouse. Oh, and the manager had his AGM going behind me and undoing work that I had completed to see if I caught it I'm time. Which I did. And i told them I knew what they were doing and they confirmed that they were trying to "keep me on my toes." The very next week the AGM sent 2 appliances to the wrong vendor. And nothing came of it. To summarize, I really feel like I was singled out and chased out of a good position that I was good at. Even little things like me asking for the healthcare benefit info multiple times but not receiving it, but when any other employee hit their 90 days they IMMEDIATELY had paperwork for it. I feel like the negligence of the owner and the other management allow this company to cultivate a hostile work environment that let's a well known alcoholic make decisions that affect people lives. When I finally found another job my wife expressed to me that she had been growing concerned that I was showing signs of depression and lost interest in any extra curricular activities like woodworking and auto work which I love. I feel like they are careless and until someone is seriously hurt, they aren't going to do anything about it. This is my first post here so I'm sorry if it's too long. Just wanted to include a majority of the details. I have dates things happened in multiple notepads because I am a detailed person and like to keep track of everything.  Ok so the bot says 's membership in a protected class. So what protected class are you claiming to be in? And what actions by your boss were discriminatory or harassing based on that protected class? I'll give you an example. "My protected class is "Male" and my boss kept telling me that "real men don't whine over minor injuries". Or "My protected class is "Female" and my boss kept telling me that if I was a man he would have already promoted me."  No. That is not actionable or illegal harassment, nor does it make a hostile work environment.  Actually.. judging by what this bot shared below you, harassment seems pretty on point. Undoing my work behind me and then constantly berating me for not supervising the staff when I was demoted from a supervisory position and another manager was never put into my place. No? [removed] I actually read the whole thing, though I skimmed a bit. You have no legal recourse to sue your ex employer. Everything they did was legal. Okay, what's your legal question?  This will need a summary and a legal question.  Hostile Work Environment is a legal term of art and contrary to popular belief, it does not mean that the workplace was hostile in the colloquial sense. Rather, it refers to a pattern of discrimination or harassment as a result of an employee's membership in a protected class. Please see [this link from the EEOC](http://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/harassment.cfm) to better understand the advice you may receive. The majority of situations that many consider a hostile work environment do not meet that definition legally. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.