 I slipped up and called her a bitch cus she took my phone over me getting in trouble at school. I didn't know she heard me. She handed me a coat, told me to put on shoes and go outside. This was at 7pm. I had nowhere to go so I sat on our front steps in freezing 30 degree weather. Then she opened the door about 2 hours later and told me to get inside. What should I do? It's called discipline. Not only is it okay, it's good parenting. You were basically left to cool off alone with your thoughts. Whether you choose to grow from that or not is up to you.  Easy. Kid gets in trouble at school. Mother issues punishment. Kid doesn't get the hint and escalates things. Mother tells him to get out of the house until he can learn how to behave, gives him a jacket, and kicks him out. Why? You weren't in any danger even if there was strong wind. Hypothermia: Frostbite: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-Ozx8ZpGr6fQ/UyqTWnyXkWI/AAAAAAAAAwk/eMygQcS1vnM/s1600/Frostbite+Guide.JPG  Youre outside for 2 hours after calling your mom a bitch? You SHOULD have spent that time thinking of an apology. You're inside now, with your electronics and the internet? Write her a long ass letter apologizing for your behavior. After you have apologized, clean the kitchen, vaccum and mop the house and start on the laundry. What you experienced was not child abuse. Your mom could have done a lot worse as far as punishment goes.  Nothing, respect your mom and stop being a jackass at school.  How can you kick your kid out of the house in freezing weather at night? Thats not okay.  freezing 30 degree weather That's cute. Even with a very light jacket, you'll be fine for a few hours, especially if you keep moving. Excellent time to start jogging if you haven't already - it definitely warms you up! When jogging I don't put the winter coat on until it's single digits or less. What were you expecting - the police would come over and force her to give you your phone back and tell her never to put you outside again? Chop some wood or shovel snow, it will build character, and help to remind you not to curse at your mother. " i didn't know she heard me" .. really ? Doesn't matter if she could've heard you or not.. maybe she should've left you crying and not heard you when u were running around with shit in your diaper. Not cool .. should definitely apologize Stop getting into trouble at school. Okay, first of all let's not forget we were a teenagers at some point. As for legally since she let you back in I don't think much. It wasn't right on her part either. But if she ever does that over night then you can file a complaint I believe. Apologize to your mother  Good on her Stop cussing at your mother. Being 'grounded to outside' is not child abuse. She gave you a coat, and it was 30, not 10 below... Stop calling your mom a bitch. Respect her.