 We are both British citizens. I am currently residing in New York, he is in London. My BF and I have been dating 4 years, known each other for 6. We are generally not impulsive people. We like to play things safe. Last week, my BF and I went on a 4 day getaway to Las Vegas. On the second day, we got a bit tipsy and joked about getting married in Vegas. Then he was like, “Im serious, lets actually get married tonight.” In my impaired state I thought that was such a great idea. We drove to the marriage license office and waited in line for like an hour to get our license. After we went to some wedding chapel near the Strip and got married in a quick ceremony. We weren’t drunk per se but definitely not in our right minds. Like the day after we regretted our decision. My question is, how do we go about getting an annulment? We were both not of sound mind during the ceremony. What is the process like? Is it expensive? Do we need lawyers? How do we go about this as British citizens who married in Nevada? Thank TL;DR: BF and I, both British, impulsively married in Las Vegas last week. We were not of sound mind and want an annulment. File for divorce before you get pregnant or either of you do anything to make things more complicated for yourselves. Yeah sorta kinda probably maybe. There could be implications of being married that a third party could use against them (idk what, but could be). If that person found the license and could prove up the marriage, the UK would almost certainly recognize the marriage as valid. The real concern, though, is that there's a break-up, one person becomes rich and the other destitute. All couples say this will never happen we love each other so much I trust him etc. And yet, this kind of thing happens. People do desperate shit when they're desperate. I don't know British law directly, but in the US, a resident of any state who wants a divorce can get one. It does not have to be in the state where the marriage certificate was filed. I do not believe you can annul your NV marriage unless you're blood relatives, were married as minors without your consent, or one of you were mentally incapacitated at the time of the marriage, OR that one or the other of you is already legally married to someone else. But the US (of course) also recognizes divorces/dissolutions/etc. from other countries. So you have options other than returning to Nevada. If your person in London wants to pursue an uncontested divorce there, there will be rules to follow that may differ from those of NY. If you were a resident of NY for two or more years prior to the marriage, it looks like you can do an uncontested divorce there without a whole lot of headache. If it's a year or more, there might be some complications. If it's less than a year, it might be really complicated. No need for it to be a huge burden, but it might be worth talking to a lawyer in NY or a solicitor in the UK to develop a plan. You can also find out in the meantime what you can do to protect yourselves from some of the implications (like maybe some kind of legal separation). UK recognizes US marriages. If they leave the marriage to stand and move on then some day in the future this could come back to bite them in the ass. Just get it taken care of now so it doesn't become a bigger problem later.  Ah whups! Just read that they’re both UK citizens and missed the residence. Well OP lives in NY, so that seems to be a pretty important issue.  If they come back to the US, sure. Good question. Different countries have different requirements for domesticating foreign marriage licenses. I do not know the requirements for the UK. However, it should be noted that the NV statute specifically points out that the marriage licenses are just as valid for non citizens as for citizens.  Yep this is a common occurrence  They’re British citizens though. Does it count if you don’t report it in UK? Don’t worry, plenty of places in Vegas can help you get an annulment, but it will be expensive. Double check. If the certificate wasnt filed, y'all aren't married. Problem solved. That said, intoxication may be a ground for annulment. Really, though, divorce is a very similar process and the end result is essentially the same. You will want to talk to an attorney in NY about your options. Not Nevada.  oh fuck lol  You're married and will need to divorce lol  Probably. It was one of those packages you can buy where they “take care of everything”.  Did you, he, or the minister actually file the marriage license after the ceremony?  Your post has not been removed. It does, however, appear to be related to the United Kingdom. You may find better help in our sister subreddit /r/LegalAdviceUK. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.