 So this is a confusing one as I am hearing it second hand and I’m not trying to give any identifying information. My SO was in Alabama (we live in Tennessee) and went to a casino. Apparently his friend got drunk and got kicked out. For some reason, there was an argument with the security and they threatened to tase the friend? My SO stepped in and tried to calm the situation. He was also drunk so I’m not sure what really happened. Basically they were both arrested. Fine. They both got tickets for public intoxication. Fine. But the kicker is my SO got a ticket for obstruction of justice and resisting arrest. Which he swears didn’t happen. This went down in front of the casino. How do we go about getting footage of the night to fight those charges? Or is it a lost cause because the cops said he was resisting and obstructing? He has a court appearance in March and if he doesn’t show he will owe $6,000. The friend’s ticket is $400. Is it worth trying to find a lawyer down there to help with this? I don’t know how much a lawyer would typically charge for something like this? The casino won't give you the footage without a subpoena. The district attorney's office may have a copy of it and they would be obligated to produce it in discovery. I honestly couldn’t tell you exactly what happened and the details. He’s still in Alabama. He explained it as the rent a cops kicked the friend out, and the rent a cops threatened to tase the friend? Not sure. Then the real cops showed up and they were arrested. He just swears he didn’t fight or obstruct and doesn’t understand why he got the extra ticket. He accepts the public intoxication because they were drinking. But the obstructing and fighting are “ridiculous”. His words. I guess I should have worded the ticket part differently. He can pay the $6,000 before the hearing date and not show or show up to court to fight it. I guess I’m just trying to figure out if we could get the footage somehow without a lawyer. You said a letter. Would email work? Or maybe certified mail? He is planning on calling the casino tomorrow.  I don't have Alabama-specific expertise but here's now it usually works. There are casino-employed security officers who are normally the "first responders" to drunken incidents in the casino. They are $11 an hour "rent a cops." Then there are state gaming agents, who are actual law enforcement officers, a branch of the state police, who may or may not be in uniform. They, or local police, are often called when someone gives the rent a cops a hard time. He can send a letter to the casino demanding that they preserve all video of the incident. Given that he and his buddy were arrested, the casino has probably already made a dub of the surveillance footage. If he was charged with obstruction/resisting arrest, he probably fought with the actual cops who responded. He should be able to get a copy of the arrest report to see what he's accused of doing. $6,000. Well, if he doesn't show a warrant will be issued for his arrest. I don't know about the $6,000 but that's usually not how these things work.