 Long story short, I recently started seeing a man who has told me a long involved story about his recent past. He tells me he spent the summer in jail because his ex wife lied to the police. He says she told them he attacked her but he really just left cash/toys on her front porch. He was held until he could get a court date almost 5 months later, and the released within 2 weeks. He says before that she had also lied in court so she could get custody of his daughter. And he hasn't seen her in almost two years. And that because of some of those lies, there is a restraining order in place too. He has shown me evidence of her doing some pretty shady things in the past. Court documents etc that say she isn't the most trustworthy person in the world. Just wondering really. Is it possible for lies to have that much negative impact on someone? I thought courts and cops verified these things. But, at the same time I've seen no evidence of him doing anything wrong and quite a bit that suggest she is the liar he says. Thoughts? We are located in Knoxville, TN.  There's something called the Duluth model which basically means if there's a domestic complaint, the man is arrested. This even sometimes means that a man is being abused, police are called, and then the man is arrested. Our legal system isn't perfect (then again, what legal system is perfect?) Tbh, I don't know your friend. He could be being perfectly honest. He could be fabricating things to make himself look better. But yes, it is possible. Then again, do you really want the crazy ex drama? Gotta be a really special guy to have to put up with that nonsense. If I were you, I'd probably just want to be friends for a long enough time to really get to know/trust him, like a few years. OP, you should read, and re-read, this last paragraph several times. While not legal advice, it is excellent words of wisdom from someone who has BTDT.  In theory, sure. In reality, there’s better than even odds he’s full of crap. Go find a guy who doesn’t have multiple arrests and restraining orders.  Do an open records request for the original police report. If it’s full of pictures of his ex wife bloody and beaten, GTFO It's very possible. I dated a man who had similar issues. He was even a cop years ago. His ex did everything to get him in trouble - made stuff up all time. If she knew of any friends of his, especially girls, she'd go through her office job as a legal assistant and try to dig up dirt. She found out we were dating and threatened me via social media (only to tell me to stay away - I have no criminal history). I had to break up with this guy after a year. He was a great guy who was treated horribly but you have to realize, women like these won't stop. They have a kid together so she'll always be in his life. She'll probably go after you. She'll keep y'all wrapped up in drama ALL the time. I just couldn't do it.  Do you really want to find out who is lying? It's definitely possible, especially when law enforcement is practically trained to respond to domestic violence scenarios with the assumption that the man is guilty. All of that being said, you just don't know. There are a lot of shitty people of all sorts out there, and all you have is he-said/she-said. All we on the internet can tell you is that YES, it is POSSIBLE for accusations to send someone to jail and wreck their lives. But we really don't know what happened in this case, and the only evidence, for the most part, that you have is his version of events. Oh, and to be more balanced: He should've stuck with "toys" in his story. No one goes to their ex's house and leaves cash on the porch, especially when there's a restraining order or other domestic dispute at play. Toys I could understand for the kid, but the cash element makes it extremely fishy.  Thoughts? I would run far, far away from that situation. It IS possible, but idk, if you're questioning the story and circumstances already, your gut instinct is trying to tell you something 😎 It is possible. The likelihood... I’d scoot outta there like a prom dress at midnight. 