 So my girlfriend used to live in Kansas and she got pregnant there but before she had the child she broke up with the father and moved to Arizona. She left due to abuse and him using drugs, she says that she has stuff on him, don’t really know what that means/is. Anyways she moved, had the baby, didn’t put his name on the birth certificate. Grandma didn’t like that, but they haven’t talked since the baby was born. Out of nowhere Grandma is asking how’s the baby, if she needs anything, and what her new address is. GF said no everything is fine and refused to give her her new address, grandma then threatens GF with attorney and GF blocks her. My question is, does the grandma have any grounds to sue, because my GF is scared to death that she can take custody away from her or something and has been worried about this sense she moved away. Unless the mother is deemed unfit to parent (by CPS, not grandma), then the odds of this happening are practically bupkis. From my non-lawyery Googling, Arizona does recognise grandparents rights however as the father is not on the birth certificate and there is no pre-existing relationship between grandma and baby, the only way this would happen is if the court deems the mother unfit. I'd get the house ship shape, take baby to the pediatrician to report they are healthy and hitting their milestones, then contact CPS to give them the heads up and ask them to do a walkthrough. This is to ensure that the third party documentation is in place because grandma has declared war. Keep all future communication with grandma and baby daddy via text or email - no phone calls that aren't also being recorded (Arizona is one party consent for audio recordings), and avoid any communication if possible - I can't see what your GF has to say to them anyway other than "discuss this with my lawyer". "No", "I'm not discussing that", "this conversation is over", and "do not contact me again" are all perfectly acceptable sentences. Once grandma files, all communication is via lawyers until baby turns 18. Consider if preparing to gather evidence for a future restraining order is worthwhile (cease and desist letter, cameras etc.). Do not accept gifts, cards, money etc. from grandma. Remove that woman entirely from baby's world. Don't bother with justifications or wonder why things have suddenly changed - it's irrelevant. Also, the JustNo subs might help your GF. Again - IANAL.  Is it the maternal grandma or paternal grandma that is giving her grief?  She can't just "take custody." She would need to get CPS involved and prove the mother abuses or neglects the child. To get any kind of visitation, she would have to come to Arizona. If the mother is served with a lawsuit, she absolutely needs to get a lawyer. Otherwise she is under no obligation to deal with or contact the grandmother.  She has very little (if anything) to worry about. The courts aren't going to take her custody away without a very good reason. The best the grandmother could try for would be "grandparent visitation" but if she's never been an active part of the kids life the chance of getting this is incredibly slim. If she receives actual court documents she'll need to see an attorney but this is unlikely and until then she should continue doing what she is - block and ignore 