 TIA for reading through this mess. My grandfather was my great grandma’s power of attorney before he passed in 2013. The early signs of her now diagnosed disease (Alzheimer’s) were very present and my mother was executor. After my great grandma was involved in an incident in which she was assaulted at a restaurant, my grandfathers brother was extremely upset that my great grandmother called my mother and grandmother (grandfathers widow) before anyone else and immediately started working to make himself POA. As far as we know, the will was changed and he told us (my grandfathers family) to “Stay the fck out of mom’s business.” My great grandmother went through a weird stage of being very hateful to my mother and grandmother. My grandfathers brother told her we were going to “sell her house and move her into a nursing home.” Fast forward to around either late 2014-early 2015, my grandfathers brother, and the other two living brothers sold my great grandmothers house and moved her in with the POA brother. We’ve only learned in recent weeks that they all received “gifts that they were going to be paid back” to the tune of tens of thousands of dollars during this period, however, we didn’t have a way of knowing at the time. Eventually, the POA brother moved her into an apartment BY HERSELF with increasingly awful Alzheimer’s. We didn’t find out about it until late 2016. We visited a few times and were told by neighbors and the other brothers (who never visited or did anything for this woman) and they all said she was alright. However, near the end of 2018 we visited and it was absolutely horrifying. There was no food, old milk, and feces all over the cabinets. We cleaned the apartment and called all brothers and immediately said it was unacceptable. Lo and behold, less than a month later my mother received a text from the POA brother saying they want to move her into an assisted living and we DESPERATELY tried to convince him to make it near us. He eventually agreed and she moved into an assisted living facility with the intent of applying for a Medicare waiver once her funds were down to $1500. Moving on, my great grandma was in too bad condition for assisted living and now lives in a nursing home after a hospital stay to FINALLY diagnose her with Alzheimer’s because the POA brother hasn’t taken her to visit a doctor since she moved there. We get texts a day after she moves into the nursing home saying they are now going to have to bring her home in thirty days because they won’t be able to get a Medicare waiver. When pushed on where her money is, everyone goes silent. We’re at a loss. This woman can’t live with these people. They’re house has stairs and his wife is extremely sick. We also heard a story about them forcing this 94 year old woman into a bathtub and holding her down to get her to shower because she forgets how. This can’t be legal can it? Is there any recourse/anything adult protective services can do?  So I'm sorry, I missed the part at the bottom of your post where you asked what APS can do. They can do a lot, honestly, and for what they can't do they can still provide valuable guidance/resources. Um, yeah. That's suspect. Did you ask them why? I feel like you didn't, and that's fine, but you guys need to be more assertive and direct. This is one issue you should raise with APS...they'd be able to instruct her caretakers on the proper way to go about this kind of obstacle.  Can you read my edit at the bottom I just added? Any input would be so much appreciated  If in the US, contact adult protective services in your state.