 So, basically, last night a friend and i were on our way to his house. We ended up getting pulled over because my friends registration wasnt up to date. There was two officers, the one took my ID, asked me where i worked, and immediately jumped to asking me what i had in the car that wasnt legal. I sternly told him no plenty of times, until he pulled me out of the car, told me to just be honest, and that they dont care if i have a small amount of weed, a pipe, etc.. I had a pipe, and salvia divinorum, less than a gram of it. Salvia is a schedule 1 controlled substance in PA as far as i know, and the pipe is also paraphernalia. The officers took my pipe, and my salvia, and went to the car. they issued my friend a citation on spot, but for me they took my number down, and said they wanted me to be a drug informant for them, I told them I had no car to do any of this, and they said they would ALSO provide me with one... and if I didnt comply then I would get issued a fine. They gave me no paperwork, havent called me since, im already in contacts with my attorney. Just want to hear some outsider thoughts on this? Scare tactics? Not sure what to think. AlrightY thank you for the advice I will look into it! Lawyer up, also do some research on [Rachel's Law.](http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute Search_String= URL=0900-0999/0914/Sections/0914.28.html) You are not the first to be intimidated into a role you are not comfortable with because of a fear of a drug charge. Appreciate your advice  Thanks for the advice. I cannot say. They might. Your lawyer is in a better position to guess. As for that, I’m already in talks with my attorney, and will not be speaking to any police officers if I am called. Do you think they’ll prosecute me for this? This is my first time ever encountering with the law. I’m not entirely sure what to think? I’ve heard from many that they probably won’t pursue it, and then I’ve also heard that I can get up to 2 misdemeanors for what happened.  You should get a lawyer. The police could easily come back to push you to be an informant or to bring you up on charges. You want a lawyer because the lawyer can help you negotiate any deals if you get charged. You should refuse to speak to the police. If they come to ask you to go somewhere say no unless they arrest you, then you tell them you want a lawyer and tell them you will be remaining silent. You obviously have to go with them if they arrest you. Otherwise you don’t. Police cannot make deals, only the prosecutor. In the future never admit to anything. I realize they were pressing you but you didn’t have to give them anything and shouldn’t have. If they come again, don’t admit to anything and don’t give them anything. Don’t let them search without a warrant. If they insist don’t stop them, but make it clear you are not consenting. You may or may not need to hire a lawyer now, but you should have the contact information to one you have spoken to so they can help if and when the police come calling. The lawyer can also tell you what to expect 