 So in this letter it does specify that it is an at-will employment offer and that either I or the company can terminate it at any time. I’m just trying to be cautious and weary of anything else to be aware of before I sign it. They are a newer company and I’m trying to make sure I don’t get myself in any kind of bind. The rest of the letter pretty much just goes over basic pay and benefits and such. One other tidbit though is that I was told that certain supplies would be paid for via check and I wouldn’t have to pay for it. Yet in the employment offer it says that any expense I pay out of pocket for the company will be reimbursed immediately or on the closest pay day, but maybe the offer just doesn’t include the initial hire on costs that I’m not required to pay out of pocket for? Any advice for anything else to look for is welcomed.  Job searches can be so tricky. I was nearly caught in a similar scam, until the fools trying to con me inexplicably changed the name of their own fake company mid-conversation in their email. It was a data entry job. Yeah I’m definitely going to decline on the offer due to how sketchy it all seems. I’m embarrassed I didn’t listen to my conscience and gave them the benefit of the doubt. If I can 100% confirm that it is a scam is there anyone to report them to? The BBB maybe? It very well could just be scammers posing under the name of an actual company though so I don’t know.  What is the job ? If this is a "work from home reshipping packages" or "unspecified general stuff you're doing for us because we are unaccountably busy in London", then this is very likely a scam. The fact that they're describing expenses and repayment policy in an offer letter... that tends to bend toward scam. I've had lots of jobs where I incur expenses on behalf of the company, and the expense reimbursement accounting is in the employee manual or a supplement to it, not in the offer letter. Really?? To be honest the biggest red flag that concerned me is that I wasn’t sure I had applied to the job at all. But job hunting today seems like sending hundreds of applications just to get 10 or so interviews, so it can be a little hard to remember all of the jobs you apply for at times it seems.  You're in the midst of a scam. 