 So about a month ago a glass broke in my hand and I ended up getting a serious cut on my middle finger. I immediately went to the hospital where the on call doctor immediately started closing my wound without even checking if there was nerve or tendon damage. Being scared that I cut of my flexor tendon I went to another doctor just to make sure and he told me without even looking that it's fine. I then preceded to go on holiday with my family for a week. After coming back I noticed I still wasn't able to move the top part of my middle finger so I went to my doctor. He then confirmed my suspicion that my tendon was cut off and told me that it's too late to do anything now as the tendon has to be attached quickly after injury. I then went to a specialist who ended up operating and connecting my tendon again but he said the chances of it healing is slim. Is there any legal actions I can take against the first doctor because apparently it's protocol to call in a specialist when there is a hand injury  This really helps a lot, thank you I had the cast on for 2 weeks, and the splint for about a month. I think when I took off the split, there was a little bit of movement, but I can't remember. I did my own physical therapy exercising it and moving it back and forth so the scar tissue doesn't bind up requiring another surgery. This is very important. Daily exercise of the tendon. This all happened in April of 2017 and by November of 17 I think i was about 70% and by April of 18 is maxed out around 90%. You be slightly stiff/sore/ more sensitive forever as far as i know.  Thanks for the advice  Thank man, how long was it before you could start bending your finger?  Not sure how it works in South Africa probably contact your health insurance and possibly an attorney if your health insurance won’t do anything  No idea how things like this work in South Africa, but I did have a flexor tendon repair on my left thumb. I had my surgery 3 weeks after the initial injury. My surgeon was a pro. Fixed the flexor tendon and repaired nerves. He did prefer the surgery be done within 48 hours of injury but i had no insurance and had to get /qualify. Took about 6 months when I noticed more healing, and after a year, I'm about 85 to 90%. That's what I'll have to live for the rest of my life. But it's not too bad