 Hi! My roommates and I signed a lease on an apartment in Boston several months ago. We had visited the apartment and were fine with it. However, I’m younger and kind of an idiot I guess because I never questioned the fire safety of one of the rooms. It was a basement room with only one door, and no sprinkler system. A family member heard of this situation and strongly suggested I verify the fire safety of the unit. So, I emailed our broker and asked to see the certificate of occupancy. He responded by saying the unit was fire safe but that he didn’t know what that certificate was. I sent a follow up with links to a Boston.gov page explaining what it is (which is weird considering he’s a broker, so pretty sure he was just playing dumb) and also links to the relevant violated fire codes. (Need 2 forms of egress, with one to the outdoors if there’s no sprinkler system and it’s a basement bedroom) He responded promptly saying that we were off the lease and would be refunded our money and that the apartment would not be rented as a 4 bedroom anymore (I was never given a certificate of occupancy, the broker also said that old buildings in Boston do not need it...) Things get worse when we check Zillow and sure enough it’s been relisted with the exact same number of bedrooms. Two questions: 1) I feel like we should report this, but I have no idea where to turn to. 2) Is there anything illegal about closing a leasing deal while possibly being negligent of fire codes? it seems they know very well what they’re doing as they reposted the damn apartment. Also, I may be completely wrong and the broker is telling the truth, and certificates of occupancy aren’t what I think they are. Thanks for the help, I realize I should have thought of this waaaay earlier, but lesson learned I guess :( If it's not a legal apartment he was right to cancel the lease and refund you. But he clearly is hoping (and is probably right) that he can just put it back online and the next guy won't question it. You should definitely report to the fire marshal--this could really save someone's life by preventing that from being rented. IANAL. You that you did the right thing by inquiring about fire safety and certificates of occupancy. Landlords in Boston have a particularly bad track record of overcrowding houses they rent to students and they often get away with it because of high demand for housing near universities. Back in 2013, [a student died in a house fire]() in Allston in a six bedroom house with FOURTEEN tenants. [This article]() has a lot of good info regarding relevant housing laws in Boston. The state of MA has some pretty tenant friendly laws. First, did he refund all money you had paid? Are you out any money? If so, they have to make you whole. They cannot just cancel the housing CONTRACT because you are asking questions. You don’t want to live there, though. Not if it doesn’t have 2 forms of egress. I'd try using the contact info on either of these pages, the first more than the second : and http://www.townofboston.com/departments/code-enforcement-building-inspector. Also, ask the fire marshal : I don't know what you can expect to happen by posing your concern to these entities, but if they can't help they may be able to point you in a better direction.