 I needed to print something and ran out of paper and was desperate enough to look through the mailroom trash in search of junk mail with a blank back. Instead, I found someone's security deposit return check. That tenant no longer lives here, in which case the mailman will stick mail in a random mailbox, and the receiver often just throws it away. I want this person to receive the check. Is it safe to approach my landlord and explain what happened or could I face repercussions?  Thanks! I would never consider keeping it, I just wanted to know how honest I could be when I returned it. I returned the check to the landlord yesterday and she was very grateful. I guess there is a huge problem with our mailman shoving envelopes in random mailboxes, which I would agree with as I often find myself walking around the building knocking on doors to deliver mail I wrongly received. I guess most people don’t do that and just throw them away. The landlord said she’ll be using this incident as leverage in her battle with the post office.  Read it again. It's listing what types of mail you can't take, and is separated by OR. one of them is "or which has been in any post office or authorized depository". If this letter was sent through the US mail, then it has been in a post office.  Actually, reading the law you provided, it does seem to have the "it was in the trash" defense. It covers letters in the post office, authorized postal receptacles, or the possession of the carrier. If its delivered, and the recipient throws it away, it isn't covered.  The US supreme court has ruled that there is no expectation to privacy in publicly discarded trash, as it is abandoned property. Ohio may have other laws, but generally speaking, you should be fine. Returning the check should not be a problem. Keeping or cashing it probably would be. Just turn it in. Disclaimer: while I am a criminal defense attorney, I do not practice in OH.  What does that have to do with anything? Nobody has gotten charged with picking up trash. What you did was open mail not addressed to you. I'm not saying anything will happen to you, but it was not legal to do that. I think this is what I’ll do. I want to make sure the landlord gets it and understands that it was sent to the wrong address and it needs resent.  Grad school drives you to do some pretty unbelievable stuff when you have an assignment due at a 5am clinical the next day and your printer tells you it’s out of paper and you don’t have enough money in the bank to buy more or even gas to get there. Regardless, my understanding is that it is illegal to throw away trash that doesn’t belong to you, correct? It’s not legal, but since it’s been done you may want to put in back in the envelope and slip it under the door. I highly doubt anyone is going to persecute you for doing the right thing. Just say you found the check in the trash and don't mention opening the envelope. Just mail it to the tenant or the landlord. You could include a note saying you found this check. That's not a very believable story. The relevant law is 18 USC 1702 and it makes no provision for the "but it was in the trash!" defense and you could go to prison for 5 years so I wouldn't admit to it. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.