 Hi all! My apartment complex in Los Angeles (about 18 units so not huge) had a hot water issue for 12 days (it was definitely more than that) between Nov-Dec. Once our landlord finally fixed it and is now "as a courtesy" crediting us a credit of 1/3 the daily rate for those days. Some tenants withheld rent of the daily rate for those 12 days and now are required to pay the 2/3 they withheld back. I and my neighbors feel it is fair to not pay rent for each day we didn't have hot water. The landlord says 1/3 of each day is fair. Does anyone know this type of situation and have any advice? Is 1/3 fair? Is there anything we can do? Timeline is below. Also, landlord was completely unresponsive during this whole situation. Any advice would be greatly appreciated!!! We feel like we are being taken advantage of. Nov 21st-25th (5 days): -no hot water - yup over Thanksgiving!! - nourmorus maintenance requests sent Nov 26th: - hot water is magically restored after other tenant threatened lawsuit the night before Dec all month: - hot water has a 50/50 chance of working - IF hot water works it takes 10 minutes to heat up and is warm at best - request maintenance multiple times - guys come out to try and fix it for 10-30 minutes and leaves on multiple days Dec 27th - Jan 5th (10 days): - no hot water Jan 1st: - 1/2 tenants dont pay rent for days with no hot water. No response from landlord. Jan 2nd: - after filing a complaint with the city, the city gives our landlord 2 days to fix the water. Jan 4th: - no one even comes out to try and fix water - neighbor threatened lawsuit if it is not fixed within 24 hours Jan 5th: - hot water finally fixed (for now, they hired non- plumbers to do it) Today Jan 16th: - notice on everyone's door saying we get a credit for 1/3 of the rent for each day without water. Anyone who withheld rent got a notice they had to pay back the 2/3.  If you notified the landlord in writing about no hot water, they have 24 hours to fix it. If after 24 hours it hasn't been remedied you can: 1. Pay for the repair and invoice your landlord; 2. Withhold rent; 3. Break your lease. You are within your right to not pay rent for 10 days (11 days - 1 day) Hot water is considered an emergency 24 hour repair (similar to a front door lock) so 12 days is not timely. The landlord is giving you a courtesy, he doesnt owe you a penny. As long as he was making reasonable steps towards fixing the issue in a timely manner (12 days is timely especially since it occurred over a holiday) he is fine. Those tenants who dont pay the rent they withheld back will likely get sued and or evicted by the landlord. There are very specific conditions where you can withhold rent and it doesnt appear this case fits a single one.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.