 This is gonna be long, I’m sorry. I know I’m stupid. I know I made a mistake. Let me just get that out of the way. So I was selling my MacBook for $1000 yesterday. It’s a 2017 Pro with AppleCare until June 2021 and it came with a case and a bag. I had many offers, but one person offered to get it the next day (today). He said to meet up at a local mall at 9 o’clock and that’s what i did. The night before, I told him I had work at 10. He told me he was leaving for Louisiana at 10:45. (A lie) I got there 10 minutes early and he didn’t arrive until past 9:30. He gets there and he looks nothing like his profile picture. He’s a kid. Around 16 or so. Asks if it works, connects to my hotspot and tests it out. Tells me that he spent a lot of money before for a locked Mac and couldn’t get into it. He then asks me to follow him to the bank (RBFCU) and ended up taking me to some house. He was also speeding and I lost him a couple times. Get to the house and he gets out and goes inside and comes back out and asks if I take checks. I said no originally then said only if we can go to the bank together. He said, “yeah, let me just call my mom and tell her and ask her.” Goes in his car, gets on the phone and then tells me “yeah we’ll do what you said”. He take me out the neighborhood and we’re on the way to the bank. He then at the stop signs calls me and says, “the bank is on the left. I have to go get my card and the check.” I suck at directions and I get lost easily. I looked up the bank and it’s closed today. I call and tell him and he suggests to cash app me. At this point it’s past 10:20 and like I said, I was supposed to show up at 10. So I agreed to the cash app, I park at the bank and proceed to wait for him. He calls me and asks if I got it, I said no, he says he’ll try it again. He get there and he gets out and I give him the laptop. Stupid, I know. And we go our separate ways. I noticed that I didn’t get paid and I freaked out. Please don’t bash me, I’ve already cried and panicked and everything. I tried to text him and my once blue bubbles were not green and I have got no response. I tried calling, it rings once and goes to voicemail. I tried Facebook messenger and have yet to get a reply. I reported the buyer and the conversation and it is to be reviewed by Facebook. I have screenshots of the profile and the conversation in messenger, I have his number, I know what he looks like, I remember the house he took me to. I plan on going to the police station after work in five hours, but I don’t know what else to do. Can they even do anything? I don’t know what to say or how to get things started. I know I should’ve held onto it until I got paid, but my manager and coworker were already demanding that I be there ASAP because we were opening and I was losing my own patience. I just don’t know what to do. You can sue him in civil court for the $1000. Sorry for the title mistake. And thank you I think your mean ‘Facebook MarketPlace Theft’....not marketing. You need to file a police report for theft. From your long story it seems like you know where he lives.