 This is for my dad, he is wanting a second opinion but doesn't exactly have a lot of money to go to other laywers-- but the matter isn't a reality yet. My parents were married for 30 years, and divorced in 2016. She hasn't worked in 15 years and receives $1500 a month between social security and retirement. They got a divorce, she moved out and it has been a shit show between her, my dad, and her parents -- I will try to add in anything that will be helpful.. but I am not a lawyer, so I am not sure what will be helpful. Divorced in 2016, moved out, in the divorce they went to court and she got 90k in cash for half of the house. Both lawyers and the judge asked if there are any other properties, bank accounts, or anything of that nature that should be split up. Both parties agreed that the 90k is it. Three years later(now) she keeps threatening my dad for half of his 401k. She was fully aware of the existence of this 401k. They took out 2 loans against it around 10 years ago, and she signed multiple papers on it. My dads lawyer said it would be difficult for her to get any money out of it, but it is possible. She is a mentally unstable untreated schizophrenic. She has bled my grandparents dry, no one knows where her $1500 a month goes to even though she is homeless -- a 2 br apartment is only $500-600 in oklahoma. No one knows where the $90k went, but my grandparents keep supporting her, and my dad paid her electric and gas bill for about 6 months post divorce. We have multiple voice mail recordings of her threatening to murder my dad(a whole different issue, I told him to take that to the police..) Another example of her mental state, but probably not related in anyway that'd be helpful. She thinks my dad has millions of dollars hidden away because she 100% believes that he owns a relatively large pizza chain just because he has the same name as the pizza chain. Despite all of that, she is coherent enough to eventually make her way back to a lawyer. While he does not have millions of dollars tucked away, he does have a 401k and is retired after working 30 years. The 90k for the house already forced him to go back to work post-retirement, and if he lost half of his 401k that would mean the entire house and land would go. Any general ideas would be appreciated.