 Hey guys, I have a pretty bad situation. I was renting an apartment for $1280, with the lease term from August 1, 2018 through July 31, 2019. I then got an opportunity to go abroad teaching English, which started in November, 2018. I let my landlord know in late July of 2018 (less than a month into the lease). They said that they would try to find a new tenant to start in November, and were confident they could. I also have posted the property on Craigslist with a lower price, to no avail. Anyway, now it is late January and they still have not found anybody, and in the lease there was a clause where I couldn't break the lease by paying a month's rent or anything like that. I have read that the apartment has a responsibility to find a new tenant in these kind of situations, but I am still on the hook for the rent. I have a few questions: 1. They raised the rent from to $1920 per year on the apartment for any new tenant who takes it. Could I argue that this is not a competitive price point since it is more than $600 per month more than my lease was? 2. They are also charging me for electricity and gas while I am gone, can they do this? 3. I have already paid them over $3000 without living there and I can't afford to pay much more. If I just let them know that I'm not going to be able to afford paying them any long and stop paying, will they actually come after me or will they just try harder to find another tenant? I am out of the country if that matters. Can you help me understand the likely sequence of events after I stop paying. I know technically they can sue me, but will they? Will they ding my credit score? Can I offer to pay them at a later date? I know to some extent I'm asking you to guess, but if you have any experience in this field, I'm looking not only to understand the possible worst-case scenario, but the most likely scenario as well. I am leaning towards just not paying anymore because I can't afford it, but I want to know what the consequences of that will be in terms of credit score and going to court. Thanks a lot in advance, I really appreciate any help I can get. I'm really stressed out about this. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.