 Several weeks ago I met someone on a hookup app. We began texting. It was sporadic, off and on, never met. Recently we’ve begun seriously talking about hooking up. One night couldn’t work due to a situation the took me out of town. Last night, this person and I agreed that they would come over. They live over an hour away, and I agreed to send them $20 for gas via an online payment service app. They never came, and today I asked for my $20 back. This made them angry, and they threatened to out me (These were gay hookup apps). I freaked out, and begged them not to since I’m very closeted. This didn’t help. I blocked them from snapchat and the app we were chatting on but they sent screenshots to prove they still had the proof that we had chatted there. We had never been friends on Facebook but they mentioned specific names of people I had recently tagged in a photo and threatened to send screenshots of our conversation to them. I told them to keep the $20 and we’d move on-but they continued to threaten me and say things like “you’ve ruined my day and my week” and “I’d rather die” while continuing to threaten to out me. I begged for any possible solution that would lead to me not being outed, and while they didn’t say “what would prevent me from outing you is for you to send me $X,” they made it pretty clear that I needed to send money to make them “feel better.” It was an insignificant amount-under $200-but I sent it for fear of being outed. Do I have options? Am I being extorted? If I file a report with the police who has jurisdiction? (We live in different cities and parishes) And if I file a report can I keep my name out of any public documentation? Doesn't matter. Extortion is extortion. And may have just played the long game with you until this moment or they are mentally unwell. Block and move on. Well here’s the thing, we were friends on snapchat for a while-they would snap me often, snap videos of them at places I recognize locally, so they’re not an overseas fake to my understanding. It's a typical scam. They probably googled you on FB or Insta to get a tagged photo and inserted that into the conversation. Police will not find them, they use throwaway accounts and possibly overseas. They aren't going to take the time and effort to do anything, they've already gotten you for $20. Tell them you are going to out them! (not really, but they don't know that). Turn the tables, they will depart. Block, take a deep breath, get on with your life. Block and move on. If you send them money they will continue to blackmail you. You can go to the police as well but at this point they probably won’t use much resources to help