 My SO has accrued several credit card debts, each one is less than $1500 at least, but we are currently without a real income so we have been unable to pay them. We also have a car loan, that we are becoming unhappy with, as it was our first car purchase, and we made several mistakes. So a 15k car at the time, turned into a 20k loan, and we haven't made a dent in it, since interest, and car insurance issues added a bunch of fees to it, so we currently still owe 20k. We are considering forfeiting the car and hoping bankruptcy will help with the remainder of the loan after. We don't have any property (currently live with family), no assets or anything like that. We do have personal items, such as electronics and collectibles that could be worth a small amount. So I have a few questions regarding bankruptcy. 1. If my SO declares bankruptcy, will I have to as well? All of the debt is under her name, not mine. 2. Will we have to forfeit/sell personal items to pay out the debtors when declaring bankruptcy? 3. Will declaring bankruptcy solve our debt issues, or will we still be legally obligated to pay such debts at some point? 4. Are there any other options we could consider? 5. Is bankruptcy a bad idea in general? We are aware it will affect any loans, or trying to purchase property in the future for the next ten years, but don't see that being a big problem really. If I have any clear misunderstandings of bankruptcy, please let me know. Thanks for any advice in advance. Also hopefully followed all the posting rules, and I do apologize if I missed something. Thank you very much for the info. We are indeed married, so that will kind of suck in our case. We have tried consolidating, but we haven't been able to get a loan for it. If it wasn't for some health issues, we would have been able to keep our jobs where we were staying afloat, but stuff just went downhill and we had to pick and choose where our money went. Again thank you very much. Answers to your questions: If you are married, yes. No. These items are exempt and can not be taken. Bankruptcy will extinguish your debts or reduce them or put you on a payment plan that will pay them off for pennies on the dollar in most cases. Make more money now. $1,500 CC debt isn't that bad x 10 different cards. Consider consolidating it into one loan if possible. Bankruptcy is a good idea when you are under water financially with serious debts. You need to make more money.