 Connecticut for reference. throwaway account. she is unable to write this so I'm doing it for her with her consent. Background: My friend is a freshman in highschool. She was assaulted a while ago, and her assailant (lets call him person X) escaped justice. She filed a restraining order which was granted via Ex Parte, but the X never followed it and broke the order multiple times, including following her home with a gun (which he is not legally allowed to have, as he is a senior.) Also, her school ignored the security camera footage which clearly captured X stalking and grabbing her in the hallway, violating the order. Today, X's lawyer had filed an appeal to have the Ex Parte removed and null the order, which did not get to her in enough time for her to do anything about, so the restraining order was dropped. As I said before, She cannot write this because she is busy figuring out how to not to get killed. I am a friend, but live far enough away than I can't do much, as I am a junior in high school but I thought coming here was better than doing nothing. I have her permission to do so. what X has done (so far): (I am going to keep this vague just in case this person uses reddit) \-touched two of her friend without consent before this \- sent unsolicited nudes to her \- groped and molested her without consent \- grabbed her face and forced her to watch the assault happen \- left bruises on her face and inner thigh, which there is photo proof of (which was dismissed as "potentially self inflicted" by the school \- threatened to rape and kill her for reporting the assault (there is proof of this too) \- stalked her for up to two weeks while the restraining order was in place All of this is coming directly from her I don't know if any of this helps, or if anything can be done, but I fear for her safety, and she does as well. I would hate to have anything happen to her, especially since she had confided in me. I want her safe TL;DR: Friend was assaulted, and restraining order was appealed and lifted before she could do anything about it. she fears for her life, as her attacker has threatened to kill her, and owns a gun.  yes that would be her Is this your friend here? =JR2Y16NY sh=8b587c7d There is a lot of information missing: What do her parents say? They are the ones that should be taking these issues to the school board if the principal is not helping. Also, what did the police do with proof that X violated the restraining order? Why didn't your friend's parents receive the appeal notice in time?  You mention school authorities several times but do not mention police or the county court system. The school should not be your go-to enforcer here. If she has not done so yet, she needs to contact both the police who have jurisdiction over where this occurred (city police department, or, if an unincorporated area, county sheriff's office) as well as the county court that issued the restraining order. I would also try to find a local sexual/domestic violence helpline (you didn't mention which state/county this is). These hotlines have tons of experience helping people navigating restraining order issues.