 Hi all - I need some help. I am a bit distraught about what has unfolded in the past few days and I am curious if I have any legal leverage in this case. Essentially it boils down to employment discrimination due to criminal history. Quick back story, in 2008, when I was 18 years old I was arrested for several counts of simple burglary. Just a young kid, wrong crowd, doing stupid stuff. All non-violent crimes. Served all my probation, paid all restitution, and since then, I have been a model citizen and successful in all my business doings. Fast forward to 2019, a month or so ago I applied for an absolutely fantastic job opportunity. Nowhere at all on the application did it ask if I had a criminal background whatsoever. I was interviewed multiple times and the company offered me the position and sent me all the necessary paperwork to fill out including a background check. They also sent me out a company laptop and camera which is currently in my possession. They also went as far as having my regional manager reach out to me via email with a hotel confirmation number and instructions to travel to Georgia for a week (I live in Louisiana and the company's office is in Georgia). With all this happening, I had put in my two weeks notice at my already well paying job because the new job does not allow outside work. I also went out and bought extra equipment, tools, and clothing relative to the new job. The timeline was lining up perfectly to leave my current job and fall into the new job. A few days before my specified starting date at the new job, the HR department reached out to me and said they will have to postpone my start date for a week because they had not received my background check. From this point, a week and a few days go by and nobody reaches back out to me so I call HR myself to confirm my new start date. They end up telling me that they are denying me the position because I have a felony record from 11 years ago. I ending up writing them a personal letter, explaining where I was at and what I had achieved since then. Obviously, my resume was adequate enough for them to offer me the position. They politely messaged me back saying it was company policy that they do not hire felons and that they were sorry. They then sent me a return label to ship them back the company laptop and camera. Heartbreaking is the only word I have for how I feel right now. It's been an unbelievable hardship to overcome the consequences of my teenage actions, but for this now to follow me 11 years in the future is a hard pill to swallow. Now, because of all this, I am without employment and will be for the next few weeks until I am able to find employment in my industry, hopefully. I had pre-maturely spent money on items related to this new position, but only once I was officially offered the position. My old job has already replaced me, the sad part is I helped train my replacement for the past two weeks. So legal advice, my question is.. do I have any legal recourse? Is there anything I can do? I just find it unbelievable that a company can take the hiring process this far and then deny my employment because of a criminal background from 11 years ago. I am now left unemployed in and a terrible state of mind. Any legal help is appreciated! A thing to note: The company is based in Georgia, and I am from Louisiana. I believe this would fall under Georgia law.   In Georgia, public sector employers are prohibited from asking about criminal background on job applications. This is called a "ban the box" law. The idea is to discourage categorical rejection of applicants with criminal records, and encourage a case-by-case assessment. But this law does not apply to private employers and public employers can still reject all applicants with a criminal record. In case you might consider a position in California, you should know that California has laws that prohibit simply rejecting all applicants with a criminal conviction--instead there needs to be a case-by-case assessment. More details [here]().  Employment predicated upon the completion of a successful background check is standard, unfortunately. I’m glad you’ve accomplished so much since your convictions, but what they did was legal. I’m sorry I don’t have the answer you wanted