 my sister use to be in an abusive relationship and she recently just broke up with him and moved into my moms house ( where i also live ) with her two kids, i’m only 18 and she’s in her late 20’s. i’ve pulled a gun on this guy before for beating my sister. he has a tendency to vandalize our property a lot and to kidnap my sisters 2 year old child. she said something about having him come over to his birthday party. my mom is out of town currently so i want to know if i have any say in what happens. i live in a stand your ground law state so if he does anything violent i will not hesitate to put lead in him. the thing is that i do not want it to escalate to that and i told her that i don’t want him over but i doubt she will listen. if he does come is there a way i can tell him to leave even if he does have my sisters consent to be inside the house? and if he doesn’t leave do i call the cops? /u/locationbot recall Do you believe that you have a better understanding of the law and its applicability to what you've said than I, a legal professional of 20 years, has got? i just saying that if he decides to have violent against me using deadly force or something. this man has pulled a knife on me when i was 16 and has swung at me with a metal bar before because i told him to leave my house when he kept banging on my door at 3am. You're publicly stating plans to have a violent interaction with this person. They'll read these comments out in court if you ever kill him, self defense or not, and no one will believe it was self defense; they'll believe, like you're showing here, that you're looking for a violent interaction with this dude. You even admit potential brandishing which is a good indicator of intent. You're fucking this up for yourself in such dramatic fashion that I'd overwrite then delete your whole post and every comment you've made. i’m not trying to be edgy or anything, i was just saying under the circumstances if he were to attack me or anything because he has violent tendencies, i see that i did word it wrong in my post and i am in the wrong i apologize. Lease or not, your sister lives there and is allowed to have guests. Without a lease your sister, and you for that matter, are considered "month to month" tenants. So if your mom doesn't like how things are going with either of you living there, she can legally evict y'all with proper notice and procedures. Your mother has no greater right to tell her he can't come over. If your sister says he can come over, he can come over. You have no ability to dictate who your sister may or may not have as a guest in a place where she is a tenant. Since you said this, fuck, posted it on Reddit, such a defense would be highly unlikely to sway a judge or jury. If you choose to murder this man, which is what you're talking about, you'll spend your life in prison. I know it makes you feel SUPER tough and edgy and iamverybadass to say these kinds of things, but all they do is assure everyone you're all talk and give a DA grit if you aren't. thank you for your response. Yes. She lives there. She is allowed to have any guests she wants over. thank you for your response. note that i am ignorant to this, but my sister or i are not on the lease or anything, my mom fully owns the house. so under these circumstances can she still go against my moms wishes to not let him over? Your mom also doesn't have any special authority to ban him from the house.  No, as it is not your house. Your sistes also lives there, and can invite him over. You can call the cops if you wish. But they will not intervene as this is not a criminal matter.  Mom cannot limit her guests either. The only recourse Mom would have would be to legally evict your sister if they cannot come to an understanding on guests. If he has permission to be there from any of the tenants or landlords or owners of the house, he can be there. You can make your wishes known to whoever it might matter to, but if he has permission to be there and you don't like that and you don't want to be around him, your recourse would be for you to leave instead. If he has permission from no one to be there, and refuses to leave, then it would be appropriate to call the police. I'm not even going to address the violence and stand your ground stuff except to say that if someone breaks the law, call the police. Anything other than that, there's no telling how it's going to end up for you. yes i do have a poor understanding and that’s why i’m asking for advice. this is a bummer, i’m going to have to try and get my mom to tell her she can’t have him over. She is allowed to have any guests in her home that she would like. You do not get a say in who she invites inside, even if you also live there. If he gets violent, call the police. Stand your ground doesn't stop you from being arrested and tried for your assault/murder. It is just a defense that your lawyer could use. You seem to have a poor understanding of how this law works in general. i see If he is her guest (she is allowed to have guests because she lives there) and he is not under any current court orders to stay away from her, then she can allow him over. You can voice your opinion to your sister, but you cannot legally force him to leave if another resident is allowing him to visit. If she lives there then she is entitled to allow guests even if you don't like them. You should also be pretty cautious in your reactions. Being Ina stand your ground state doesn't mean you can kill an invited guests because they do some violent.