 My ex and I have split up twice, the first time we spilt up we went to my lawyer and had the papers drawn up for him to relinquish his parental rights. We decided to give it another go and I had told my lawyer that i wasn’t ready to go to court yet. A few months ago he got violent when i told him I was leaving. I had to fight him off and hide in my car until the cops got there. I called my lawyer as I was leaving and told him I was ready to go to court. While my lawyer is pretty confident I won’t have much of a problem I am still worried as it seems like now he wants to fight it. My lawyer is wonderful I am just paranoid and want a second opinion. It was an awful one sided relationship to give a little background. He has had one job in almost four years, and he lost that before we got together in september of 2016. I got pregnant in 2017 and worked until I was eight months pregnant because he refused to work. I went back less than two months after my sons birth. He has been and probably still is addicted to benzos. While we were together he spent almost all of my money on that and at the time adderall which he was addicted to for two years. There were days I had to fight just to make sure I would have the money to eat. Things got a little better and also worse after my son was born. I made sure I had what I needed to take care of him but anything extra he would take. He blew through my entire tax refund in two months and everything he didn’t spend on drugs was used for some electronics which were later pawned for drug money. On top of all this he was very manipulative and very distant. Affection was not a word is his vocabulary. Despite all this he had a very high view of himself. He got a job a few months ago, more due to chance than him actually trying, and now thinks he’s king of the world. I guess my question is: My lawyer says because he never went to court for paternity and never came into his office to say he didn’t want to sign his rights away after signing the papers, has been documented as violent, and has a terrible work history, is there reason for me to worry? i am full caretaker of my son and i have been the one to buy everything he needs, his father bought diapers and wipes once. I just do not want to be surprised and am trying to make sure I am ready for the hearing. (apologizes this is long and drawn out but i’m not good at writing when i’m nervous.)  Well if he has already signed and your lawyer says it is fine, that is really the best reassurance you can have. Your attorney knows your case and knows the local judges. Listen to your lawyer.  No we have to actually go before the judge to sign off on the papers he signed to give up his parental rights. My lawyer says that a judge will more than likely sign them, I am just anxious.  You have a lawyer who can give you way better advice than anyone here. I'm uncertain what the hearing is. Visitation? 