 I live in Frederick, Maryland USA. i forgot i had to sign myself up for jury duty when i got the letter. i am going to go california soon. i saw online that i should have a bench warrant on me. will i have issues when i fly? what should i do going forward? Under Maryland Courts and Judicial Proceedings Code. Ann. § 8-504, missing jury duty can result in up to 60 days in prison and a fine of up to $1,000. To avoid these penalties, you may be required to show good cause for missing the intended court date. I’m in Illinois so I can only speak for my state but I know missing Jury Duty automatically gets you on a judges bad side because they see it as irresponsible and a sign of disrespect. You don’t really have a good enough reason for missing. I saw a guy get chewed out by a judge for not coming to Jury Duty over school. Jury Duty is protected by law even employers can’t make you miss. That’s why there’s so few excuses for missing they’ll take. Your best bet is to show up to that court house early as possible tomorrow, explain your situation and be apologetic. It’s really how strict the judge decides to be. I wish I wasn’t lol. I hope someday I can get a license to fly. All jokes aside, hope you can still enjoy your trip to Cali! i really hope you’re not kidding problem is i fly out on tuesday. The only reason i found the letter was because i was cleaning my room before my trip As long as you don’t come off as an asshole who just didn’t want to go to jury duty they’re not going to punish you just make you show up for jury duty. I would call the court house where you were supposed to serve and come up with a really good lie as to why you weren’t there. Personally I’d say I didn’t get the letter until after the time, etc. A nice state and county will lecture you and make you reschedule. A strict county will ask you to come turn yourself in and go from there. Either way you have a warrant out not for your arrest per se but the government will be wanting to speak with you. Aye I gotchu bro send me your coordinates I’ll fly my private plane over do you know how i’d proceed? Usually the bench warrant happens immediately on the time and day that you were supposed to show up for jury duty. The judge calls the names if you aren’t there the warrants are issued and yes it will cause problems when you try to fly. Very seldom are people called in for jury duty. It’s a serious responsibility and a bench warrant is deserved for “forgetting” your civic duty. Shake on you. You should get in straightened out before going to California.