 Location: Santa Clara County, California Background: The irrevocable trust of decedent states that $50,000 should be allocated to each of the three great-grandchildren living at decedent's death for educational expenses until the great-grandchildren are 25. Decedent's wife feels that this amount, which was handwritten by decedent in attorney's presence while decendent was on substantial pain medication and was legally blind, does not reflect decedent's actual wishes. Wife feels that decedent would have rather donated these assets to charity, as the great-grandchildren were not involved in decedent's life at all and, during his life, decedent had an acrimonious relationship with the grandchildren who are parents of the great-grandchildren, a relationship which included embezzlement and court battles. The wife also states that she signed the notarized trust signature page without being directed to review any aspect of the trust, and simply trusted the attorney in his direction to sign where indicated. The trust language states that the "trustee may also distribute principal from the trust estate to or for the benefit of wife for her health, support, maintenance, care, and standard of living that decedent and wife shared during marriage. The decision of the Trustee shall be final." The language for the educational allocation is as follows: "Distribution following the lifetime of surviving spouse: Following the lifetime of spouse, the Trustee shall allocate and retain the sum of $50,000 in a separate trust to be established for the benefit of \each\ of decedent's great-grandchildren living at decedent's death." The decedent's spouse would like to move trust assets to her own trust and personal accounts, and donate any remaining assets to charities upon her death, thereby avoiding the need to set up educational funds for the great-grandchildren, as the trust would be depleted upon her death, and her will/trust would direct any remaining assets to go to charities, which she feels would also better represent the decedent's wishes. Would the decedent's trust language then apply, identify that the trust no longer had assets to establish the three $50,000 educational trusts, and thus negate this trust provision? Would the trustee be exposed to legal ramifications from the beneficiaries for conducting the surviving spouse's affairs in this manner? Does anyone have any recommendations for how to better allow for the spouse to carry out the wishes of the decedent? The attorney who managed the trust seems to think that there is no way for the spouse to avoid this educational provision without a substantial court battle with the potential beneficiaries. Thank you in advance for your consideration and potential support. Please have a wonderful day. Sounds good. Thanks for weighing in. I just found it interesting that the language of the trust could allow for the spousal beneficiary to deplete the trust and negate the subsequent trust provisions, and I wanted to know if any attorneys out there had experience with situations or case law like this. It seems like it might be an avenue the spousal beneficiary could take, since the spouse's "phase" of the trust during the spouse's lifetime seems to supersede any subsequent trust phases. I was just hoping to crowd-source it with the legal community. This is way beyond the scope of this sub "A place to ask simple legal questions. " Emphasis on the "simple". 