 About 5 weeks ago, my younger brother (15 y/o) came into my room, and after I (17 y/o) had clearly asked him to leave, I chased him out of mine into his room. Jokingly, I threw an empty bottle at him, and followed him into his room. He attempted to hit me repeatedly with a large (about 2lbs, 8in x 3in x 6in) acrylic decorative state. I left the room briefly to avoid being hit, then as he was trying to close the door, forced my way back in. He then repeatedly swung his fists at me and hit my hand as I threw it up to block his fists, and shattered a bone in my hand. The fracture was very significant: it required about a 1.5 hour surgery to fix (initially, the doctor believed a plate and pins were needed but it ended up only requiring pins) and I am estimated to have 7 weeks of cast time in the best case scenario. Directly after the incident, I was very keen on calling the police. My dad persuaded me not to do this, but I am curious as to what would have happened had I done so. Would they have arrested my brother or would nothing have come of it? I apologize if this does not abide by community guidelines.  Sounds to me like you have little to no recourse. You were engaged in 'rough housing' with him and your hand got broken. Seems you assumed the risk when you started rough housing. Also, wtf, why would you involve the law on your own family? That's a fucking TERRIBLE idea. That will simply make your family poor and unhappy. Yeah, they could have arrested your brother, and you, as you started the physical altercation. Hooray, now you're in jail. What's your bail going to be? What's your lawyer going to cost? What's the punishment going to be? Enjoy all that community service. And even if YOU skate, your brother will have all those bills and all those obligations, a criminal record, trouble getting a job, trouble getting a loan. Why would you want that for your own brother? What's the matter with you? It sounds like an accident. If I were you, I'd go talk to you dad and ask him to straighten you out. You need it.  It's impossible to know what would have happened. It's possible that your brother would have been charged with aggravated domestic battery. It's also possible that you would both be charged with disorderly conduct, or that you would have been charged with domestic battery (throwing the bottle at him). 