 So my wife was terminated from her job while we were on vacation. She has never had a write up, or any form of disciplinary action. When she went to report to work last Friday, her boss informed her she was terminated. Fortunately, all correspondence that my wife emails to either her boss or HR she routes to her personal email for records. the boss tried to terminate her for no-call no-show, but my wife called HR, was able to produce the evidence in which it was approved for her to be off, and HR admitted that she was wrongfully terminated. They have since given her job back. Now the weird part is, she was pulled into the boss's office, and the boss and HR said that if she misses work again, they will terminate her. She can not even call in sick as that will be marked as an occurrence and grounds for termination. Since the boss left an email saying that she was wrongfully terminated and they have to hire her back, do we have any legal recourse 4 defamation, slander, etc. I'm also concerned about retaliation as well as established processes being follow specific to disciplinary action. What do you recommend? She was wrongfully terminated against company policy (as the company doesn't want to pay unemployment for no reason) but not against the law. This is nothing even close to defamation or slander. They can fire her again for no reason or any reason (likr missing work) at anytime if they like Another thing to consider is even though one can be fired for any reason or no reason in an at-will employment state, if your wife gets terminated without real provable cause that she was at fault, she can still file for unemployment. It doesn’t get her job back but unemployment does cost the company money while giving her money, and normally unemployment claims cases tend to lean in the dismissed employee’s favor. This isn't wrongful termination. They can terminate her for any /no /the wrong reason (short of a protected class and a few exceptions).  Texas is an at-will employment state. This means that, unless there is a specific employment contract, employers can fire employees for any non-discriminatory reason they wish. If your wife’s company decided they don’t like your wife’s shoes, they could fire her for wearing them. With that in mind, the only obstacle to your wife being terminated (assuming she doesn’t have a contract) is company policy. She should make sure she understands these policies as follows them precisely going forward. If the boss has counted her as missing more days than she has, then she needs to clear that up with HR. Unfortunately, it sounds like your wife’s boss is looking for an excuse to get rid of her. I would strongly advise her to begin actively looking for a new position. If her boss really wants her gone, there is very little you can do to prevent that legally. As to defamation, it doesn’t sound like she would have a case based on what you’ve presented here. Defamation requires that the defendant make a false statement of fact, the defendant acted negligently or intentionally and that this falsehood caused material or reputational damage. Based on your account, it sounds like any damage done to your wife has now been corrected through HR. She has her job back now, so unless there are additional harms his deceit has caused, there isn’t really anything the courts can do for her. So sorry your wife is going through this! Good luck! It was wrong by company policy, not wrong by the law.  She may not have been terminated correctly via company policy, however, it was legal to fire her and it will be legal when the fire her again. Recommend she start looking for a job asap 'cause she's going to be let go real soon. Wrongful termination refers to terminating someone illegally, so that did not happen. She was mistakenly told she was terminated. That is not illegal, nor would be firing her, and she does not have grounds to sue. I have no idea how you think defamation or slander would be applicable to the situation at hand.  Explain please. If boss fired her and HR said boss couldn't do so and reinstated her.... Sounds like someone was wrong Not a wrongful termination to begin with. She should be thankful to be able to keep her job. 