 First let me apologize for poor formatting and grammar, I’m on mobile, and this is on a whim, so if it’s all over the place, you have my apologies. Secondly, I AM NO WAY INVOLVED IN THIS, I did not receive any of these photographs, nor did I send any. This is simply a question that has been the source of debate between me and my friends here at school. So let’s begin. I am a junior, in high school, my school in particular has two lunch periods. Lunch A (10th,11th,12th graders) and Lunch B (7-9 graders) I do not have concrete details, I know it has happened though, because my friend had a photograph airdropped to him. According to the school some 10th grade girls used the airdrop feature on their phones to send naked and lewd photos of a certain girl they did not like to anyone who had the feature enabled. The girl who was exposed (for lack of a better term) almost instantaneously retaliated by taking naked photographs of the perpetrators and airdropping them to other people in the cafeteria at the time. You can see where this is going. It has essentially spread like wildfire. The administration has gotten involved, parents have gotten involved, I’m sure it’s been one hell of a week for our superintendent. It has not died down yet either. There may be a day or two where it doesn’t happen, but then it starts right back up again. According to a couple of kids at my school, some seniors have participated in this nonsense and a few are 18 IIRC. So what I’m asking, is what would be the legal repercussion if someone were to get caught doing this, because as of now, the school has suspects, but has not caught anyone. The police are involved, but I’ve been debating it with my friends and classmates, but nobody is able to really give a definite answer. So, Reddit, what are some of the repercussions that could potentially come out of this whole shenanigan if somebody were to get caught?  Noted, I asked about the registry, because I’m unsure of a minor having to register, I was under the assumption that if they were charged as an adult for a sex related crime they would have to register, but information is noted, I will continue to, and attempt to distance myself even further from this nonsense. My only problem being rumors, nothing is concrete, people could say “sally did it” and I distance myself from sally meanwhile my best friend who I’m under the assumption is innocent, is the biggest culprit. Time to be an introverted social outcast for a while.  Sure, why not? The bigger concern is that if a prosecutor charges individual counts its entirely possible for this to be a massive charge sheet that carries years of prison time. Literally have nothing to do with this. Don't go near these people physically, stay off social media, etc. They are going to run a drag net to find anything remotely involved in this case if this is real and they will torpedo absolutely everyone they can.  Sex offender registry?  Depends on the facts of the case. Minors can be charged as adults in the instance of a serious felony in PA.  I have. I’ve never used airdrop, it just drains my phone battery, and let me follow up with, say a sophomore (15/16 yr old) and a senior (18yr old) were charged, would there be any different repercussions for the two?  Pennsylvania  Depending on what's actually being shown it's incredibly likely that you have a child pornography ring in your school. You should report this, should have ZERO involvement in this, and stay the hell away from people who are involved in this. Location is important. 