 I know, buyer beware - once you buy a house, there's not a lot you can do. But as a nervous first-time buyer, I followed all the rules, did all the inspections, carefully reviewed the permits the seller had gotten for renovations, etc. Moved in, everything was fine, but the sump pump in the basement started running a lot. It had never run before when we had looked at the house, but we had record levels of rainfall starting about when we moved in, so I wasn't really surprised. Only today, several months after purchasing the house, I temporarily rerouted our sump pump to empty into the washing machine drain. A few seconds after I pumped the water out of our sump basin, the water poured right back in. I grabbed a bottle of juice, poured it into the drain, and sure enough, moments later it poured into the sump basin. I can't tell for sure until I get a plumber out, but I suspect that's not the only pipe that's emptying into the ground beneath the house. Do I have any recourse to sue the seller (who had renovated the the basement prior to selling and had been very clear that the plumbing was brand new)? Or, do I have other options, like my homeowners insurance?  Yeah, seller didn’t disclose the issue. In fact, he said in writing that the plumbing was brand new and up to code. Ironically I actually overdid it - 2 home inspections, a structural engineer, an infrared scan, multiple attorneys - and nobody caught the issue.  Ugh. I hadn’t thought of that. You should have a sellers disclosure that came with the purchase contract that the seller would have needed to disclose this and also, did you have a inspection? This is where your recourse is. Google your state laws on this subject before you reach out to anyone as everyone else is going to get real nervous about protecting their commissions and profits.  Well, remember that you've got to find out what is wrong before you can determine if there is any liability on the previous owner. And...you should do it regardless. As /u/enigmutt rightly pointed out, you have no idea about what invisible or future problems may exist as a result. Best to sort it out now, and in the process, you'll have a chance to determine if there's any possible liability. You might want to start looking at structural engineers, if the drains actually are emptying under your house, because that’s how sinkholes start. Thanks. It sure sounds like a code violation, but does that give me any right to sue the seller to pay to fix it? Otherwise, it seems as though I might just be giving myself a legal headache for no reason. NAL, but I'd get a professional in to determine whether the work was done to local code, then bounce their results off of what work was actually permitted by the city/county.