 Posted in legaladviceofftopic, was directed here. My parents have ~~custody~~ guardianship of my brother's kid. He's 11 and autistic. He is also extremely violent. Both of my parents are in their late 60s, disabled and my mom only has one arm that works. My nephew is huge, roughly 140lbs and quite tall. He knows how to throw his own weight into a punch, and has been known to chase people with knives. My brother is in prison, and the mom is not allowed to have custody of any of her kids. There are no other family members that are able to (or want to) take him. Is there anything my parents can do to get him out of the house? I know this sounds super harsh but it's gotten to the point where they had to buy child locks for the stove and lock all the kitchen knives in a safe because he's just so dangerous. My mother called social services and asked if she could give up her rights, and they told her she would be charged for child abandonment. They have not adopted the nephew, they only have guardianship. It was all supposed to be temporary, long story short my brother went to prison (served roughly 4-5 years) right after he was born, got out and was supposed to work on getting his kid back, and ended up back in prison a year later (this was in 2013). They have nephew in therapy, people come out to their house 3x a week for counseling, and then once a week they go to a kids OT place. Their entire lives revolve around this kid and keeping him busy enough that he doesn't flip out on them, and they just cant do it anymore. My dad has a rare disease that affects his muscles and nerves and almost died in 2017, neither of them are able to care for this kid. Group homes/wilderness camps in our surrounding states (that we have checked on) all have an age limit of 13 or above. Is there anything they can do? Edit: added a few small details, changed some words for clarity. Also, the counselors have witnessed his behavior and claim there is nothing they can do. He has also attacked 2 teachers and several children at his school. A police report was filed, but when it went to court all they made him do was sign a contract saying he wouldn't do it again. He has since attacked other people, parents were told nothing can be done. Can't they just put kids like this down? They're fat, violent, low functioning anchors that do nothing but ruin people's lives. 90% are drooling zombies who can't understand a damn thing but they do and can act out violently. Other countries wouldn't pay for them to live comfortably with money they don't have like the US, they'd be left for dead somewhere, which is honestly too good for them. I used to think they should be shipped off together to an island where they can be around other useless pieces of shit like them until they all kill each other, but then I realized that we'd waste resources getting them there, resources that can be put to use. Itd be way easier to just line 'em up and shoot 'em. You could make an event out if it and charge for people to watch or participate. Atleast then they'd be partially useful, something they'd never be otherwise. Next you'll tell us it was female hysteria. The seizure med is likely a mood stabilizer. I was on lamictal for my bipolar, and I think that's an anticonvulsant NAL, but I am a geropsych nurse. You mentioned he's on seizure medication without a seizure diagnosis. Oftentimes, we give medications that are listed as seizure meds to patient's with behavioral issues because they can also have a mood stabilizing effect. They don't prevent psychosis, but they can help even out moods and lessen mood swings, kind of giving the person a chance to think before they act impulsively. Not saying this was his care team's thought process or intention. It's just what I've commonly seen. Yeah or at least moderate to severe ADHD. Safe haven laws only cover infants, not children up to 18. Nebraska briefly had a safe haven law that covered children up to 18 and several individuals traveled from other states in order to surrender their children there, but the law was changed after a couple of months to restrict it to infants. IANAL, certified special education teacher - if he has been attacking teachers, have your parents call for an IEP meeting and ask the district in the meeting what they think about an out of district placement. It might be his LRE (Least Restrictive Environment) at this point. With a formal diagnosis of autism, I will also encourage you to contact your local Board of Developmental Disabilities...formerly called MRDD. I believe this is the link for NC here: []() I would have this organization assess your nephew and see if he qualifies for services or a waiver of some type that would provide oversight in a group home situation. My son, too, was very violent at age 11 and at age 14 moved into a group home under a waiver in our home state of Ohio. I always maintained custody and today I hold guardianship. My son is now 24 and doing very well. Supported living in the group homes with the right provider has made all the difference for him and for us. There are other options for violent autistic children who may have mental health issues as well besides residential treatment centers. Good luck to you. Sometimes children that are diagnosed with Autism have other mental health issues, mainly stemming around the inability to effectively communicate. ADHD or ADD medicine in a general sense makes most symptoms of Autism worse. These symptoms do mirror each other so they can sometimes overlap. It is also important that he be tested and evaluated for new and different issues as they arise. For example, pulling knives and physically assaulting people is a sign of something else going on. I agree with other people that he needs to be placed in a safe inpatient facility and be evaluated and tested more extensively. What about the safe harbor facilities or locations, seems like a few years back there were places in every state that you could take any child to no questions asked if they were under 18, what about the availability of that in your state? The state doesn't want to deal with violent children either. They will bluff and bully people into keeping children because they don't want to pay for their care. Your parents will ultimately need to put their foot down and tell the state that they will not care for the child. You're parents need a lawyer. You cannot trust the state to have your parent's interests in mind any longer. Perhaps you could look into the north carolina state bar and see if they offer free lawyer consultations. Sounds like other agencies you're trying to get help from aren't helping. []() He could be autistic and also other have other issues. Or yeah, maybe other issues that looked like autism in a small child. Autistic kids will sometimes lash out and hit someone or break something when they're oversimulated and having a meltdown. But what you're describing sounds way beyond that. Here's the RTC we looked at in NC: http://www.alexanderyouthnetwork.org http://www.alexanderyouthnetwork.org/our-services/servicesmap/ You might want to talk to one of the social workers there. If they aren't suitable for your nephew, they should be able to refer you to other options in NC. Unfortunately, finding places such as this is difficult because they work typically very closely with the human services folks, and it is very rare for people to get involved with their RTC programs without human services involvement. These types of centers are very different from wilderness programs, rehab for teenagers, etc. Whoever is currently providing intensive in-home should also have case management resources that can help find an RTC. On the whole, it sounds like your parents have a very high level of resources already in place, and unfortunately, if these interventions are not being successful and are putting your parents at risk, the only real option here is an RTC and then potentially human services involvement when and if your parents are sick of dealing with the reauthorization headaches. He has what my mother calls "intensive in home care", kids OT once a week, and then I think once every month or once every other month he sees a therapist. He does have an IEP. I'm not entirely sure what all medication he is on, but I do know they are giving him medication used to treat ADHD and seizures, neither of which he is diagnosed with. He has been hospitalized many times for his behavior, they won't keep him for more than a week though. There was a court order. Neither of my parents work. Yes. I'm not sure, some of this information my mother wont give to me. But I believe so. Bio mom has several other children, isn't allowed to have custody of any of them. She also recently was released from prison and is already back on drugs. She is allowed to have visitation once a week, but didn't show up even before she went to prison. Honestly, the counselors just keep saying there's no where for him to go. I'd tried googling places but can't seem to find anything. But I can look it up again. When I had to do it we arranged for my mother to go in front of a judge and rescind the guardianship. DCFS (CPS in Illinois) was present and said they would remove him from her custody immediately. It was due be they way because I had my own daughters and if I just turned him over to them they said they would have to investigate me and possibly take my daughters. CPS wants to do what's best for the kids, they know how to work the system. Just spend the time to build a relationship with a case worker so they know you're trying to do what's best for the kid. Need some more info here: What services does your nephew receive? Does he have an IEP? Is he on psychoactive meds? Do they receive in-home therapy? Has he ever been hospitalized in a psychiatric unit for out of control behaviors (or anything else)? What is the nature of the guardianship? Was there a court order? What state was it issued in? Do you parents work? Do they work with children in any capacity? Is your nephew on Medicaid? Does your nephew receive SSID? What is the status of biomom? Not familiar with North Carolina, but in general unless there is a willing successor guardian they will likely face a hard time going down this road. Here's what the NC Court System says; What if a guardian is no longer able to serve? [motion to modify]() asking to resign as guardian, and the court can appoint a new guardian. Details [here]() His mother was diagnosed as bipolar many years ago, if that matters. He was diagnosed with autism at a very young age, so i guess it could be wrong. I'm not sure because I'm not in the house with them daily so I dont see everything that goes on. But I do know for a fact he has an issue with knives because he tries to pull one on me when I was pregnant a few years ago. If he's chasing people with knives, he's a serious danger to those around him needs to be in an inpatient facility. I'm not a psychiatrist, but that doesn't seem like autistic behavior, that seems like psychotic behavior. I'd suggest looking for a child adolescent residential treatment facility, not a boarding school. No problem. Most states have a free legal advice service too. Best to try and check there as well. Awesome. I'm not super educated on this matter, and my mom doesn't understand a lot. Thanks! Child abandonment is not a criminal charge it is how CPS gets custody since CPS matters are civil matters. Your parents can also file paperwork in court to relinquish their guardianship. There are places who will accept them earlier, maybe out of state. Look in neighboring states. Sorry, I may have worded that badly. I mean that most places like that have 13 as a minimum, so it would be another 2 years before he would even be eligible. Well, even if it is for less than 2 years, it would be a good idea to send him. It gives your parents a breather and time to figure out what to do next. Plus, it may give the kid a chance to be deal with by professionals who could address his behavior They have checked on a few places, the ones we know of either have an age limit of at least 13 (nephew is 11) or they can't afford the costs. They have contacted CPS through social services, and they were told that if they gave up their rights they would be charged with abandonment. I'll see if I can go down there with her in person and see what they say. Have they considered boarding school? Perhaps one that can handle autistic children Contact CPS, expkin the situation and they'll advise you how to do it. I had to give up guardianship of my youngest brother abiut 20 years ago and they helped me.