 So yesterday my girlfriend of 10 months and I had been talking all day about having sex and doing all this stuff. I’ll save you the details. Anyways she came over that night and we did some oral stuff that she was 100% willing for then we planned to “wait a little to recuperate then have sex” her words. Then after about 10 minutes I asked “do you want to” and she said “no” so I asked “are you sure” she said “yes” here’s where I fucked up. I should never have asked again that night. Unfortunately I did about 10 minutes later she said no again, so another 10-20 passes and I ask and she said “sure after this episode” so then I for some reason said “well we can do it now and watch this after” she said “okay let me use the bathroom real quick” she came back and seemed like she wanted to and we went into my room and started. Right at the beginning I could tell something was wrong and I asked “do you want me to stop” she said “no keep going” then I asked her once more a little later she said no once again. After it was over I could tell something was up. I told her I said I could tell you didn’t want to she said “yeah I didn’t” I said “oh my god did I just rape you..?” She was like “no I said yes” but I could still tell something was up. We cuddled for another hour or two then when she was leaving she snapped and started to try and leave so I asked what was up and kept asking because she wouldn’t tell me. Then in her car she simply says “i didn’t want to have sex tonight” and I said “I’m so sorry” I tried to get her to stay and talk which was wrong. We texted all night and she kept saying I raped her. I eventually left my house to buy her flowers and put them on her car. We texted for hours and hours. Then we called and after like 4 hours of talking she said she would stay with me but that she still believes I raped her. She said that she doesn’t want to press charges but I need some advice, did I rape her? If so I don’t think I can live with myself. I genuinely thought I had consent and I never ever wanted to hurt her I love her so much. I haven’t slept and I can’t get it off my mind. I truly thought she consented. Thanks we went to dinner and a movie today and we figured things out. The flowers weren’t a Bribe. I just bought them for her. We are hanging out again tomorrow. We both agreed that it wasn’t rape but that I for sure overstepped my boundaries by asking multiple times and that it will never happen again, and it won’t A piece of advice? Don’t try to bribe her with flowers. Talk to her, let her vent to you a bit. Maybe bring her coffee for the convo, apologize once or twice, tell her she’s right and you’ll listen to her no in the future, then take her out for a relaxed dinner and try to have fun. Don’t hit her up for sex after. If she wants it, great, but let her start it. Both 18, thank you so much for the advice and yes she has had some past bad experiences with her most recent ex. Thank you for taking time to help me. I just want to fix everything You coerced her, and were relentless. So, yeah, rapey. How old are you guys? I'm just curious. It doesn't matter legally for this. What others said about it not meeting the legal definition of rape is correct. I don't think it does. Someone suggested saving any messages about it. Good advice. Someone else suggested giving her space. Also good. I just to add to that. After there is a cooking down period, gently try to find out if she has had a bad experience in the past. If she did, but isn't comfortable sharing, don't push her though. Could make things worse. In your post, you did give off a pushy, coercive vibe. For the sake of the relationship, take things at her pace. You don't have to not have sex again. That's extreme. Just make sure she wants it too in the future. she gave consent, she wanted it, you did nothing wrong I know. I’m going to dinner with her tonight we are talking about all this more. Thank you for your help. I regret every thing and want to take it all back but I know I can’t Don't buy more flowers. Calm down. Let her have some space. Smothering her isn't good either. I bought her flowers last night and I plan to buy her more the minute those die. And so on. Idc if it costs my whole bank account I want to make her happy. I never ever meant to hurt her like I did Thank you. I will do that and that’s mostly what I did last night as well. We are going to dinner tonight and I’ll sit her down and talk seriously. Probably not in the restaurant but after. I truly thought I had consent and I feel like the worst human in the world and want to die for what I did to her. I love her more than anything in the world and would never ever want to hurt her So you've gotta go into this being okay with her saying she needs to end it. But, it would help to not disagree with her feelings on it this, and not drag her through the mud. If she really does feel she's been raped, losing your temper won't help. Own the error, that's the best you can do. First -- settle down. It was a mistake, but mostly a mistake in terms of your relationship. Send her flowers. Tell her that you've learned a lesson about being respectful of her needs. Focus more on romance. Thank you so much for the reply. I have been non stop thinking about this since. Idk what to do I love her so much and never meant to hurt her. I will ask her tonight those things. If you don’t mind me asking, what would you recommend me to do to try and save our relationship and make her believe I didn’t do this out of spite or anything and that I truly thought I had consent You’re right I am a total ass I’m not gonna deny that. You’re right about me listening to no I nthe future. It was the worst mistake of my life and I will never do it again. Never. I don’t even want to have sex ever again. I can’t believe I let myself overcome with sexual desire to do such a thing You didn't rape her. You did pressure her for sex after she said she didn't want to have sex. She finally said yes because she knew you wouldn't stop asking until she did. She said yes so that you would stop asking. In short -- you're an ass, not a criminal. In the future, when a woman says "no" then listen to her and stop asking. If she changes her mind, she'll let you know. I don't have any legal advice except to save the texts. My husband and I talked a little bit about your post and it sucks for you and your girlfriend. We think the best way forward for you is to know what you didwrong, don't repeat it, and as this woman what SHE needs. Sincerely, non sarcastically, not in order to avoid potential criminal issues, but to get HER what she needs. I personally don't know if this would qualify as rape but the fact remains that something went wrong. Best of luck. On the legal front, you're reasonably in the clear. You had her consent at that moment. On the personal front, you should probably have this conversation from a place where you center her feelings, then start looking for a counsellor to help you learn some personal skills to navigate situations like this more safely. You badgered your partner into consenting when she didn't want sex. While that's not going to reach the legal definition of rape, it was absolutely coercive and unwelcome, and will almost certainly have damaged your relationship.