 I bought the bike in California roughly four years ago, but when I moved back up to Washington I wasn't able to get it registered because the lien holder wouldn't send some document that I needed. Long story short, the company that I got the loan from was shady as hell and had rewritten the contract as a lease after I left the bike shop, leading to a lot of hassle and eventually the account went to collections, which I settled in order to fix my credit score. Now the bike has been sitting for almost three years, and I'm wondering if it would be even possible to repair it and get it registered in Washington, or if I'd need to get a new frame that has a clear title on it. Any advice is appreciated, thanks! At the time I would have said the local police, but years later, especially after you paid off the lease, it might be a moot point. Your issue is that right now you have no proof that you own the bike. WA is not going to give you paperwork saying you own the bike without proof. Expired registration probably won’t do it. I suspect the DMV won’t be able to help you either, they’re not going to transfer ownership of the bike to you just because you say they should. Without getting the current owner to sign over the bike, I’m not sure what tire solution is, hence the lawyer suggestion. This would have been 2-3 years ago, and I wouldn't know who to report the fraud to. I think I have the CA registration still, though it's also a couple of years out of date. Attorneys are expensive, but I can try calling the DMV down there I’m assuming you never reported the fraud when they altered the loan documents. How long ago did that happen, and how long ago did you discover the fraud? I assume that you’re not the RO. I’d call the CA DMV and ask them how to handle it. WA’s not going to let you retitle a vehicle until you can show them that you actually own the bike. You might also consider taking everything you have and spending an hour talking with an attorney about your options. As far as I'm aware, the sketchy loan company still has it. Not likely to get it from them, considering they wouldn't even send me the documentation to get it registered here. Maybe the collections company has it? Equally unlikely I'll get it from them I think. I'll have a look through my documents, but I don't know if there's anything I can really do to get an actual title for it. Who’s it titled to now? If you’re the legal owner, you’re probably ok. If someone else holds the title, you’re going to have to get them to sign the CA title over to you, and then WA will give you a WA title.