 I bought a motorcycle trailer in Nevada to transport a motorcycle to Oregon. The private party I bought it from in Nevada said it was a 2018 trailer and the Nevada DMV title also stated it as a 2018. I recently advertised it on Craigslist as a 2018 and sold it today. The person was given the title and we both signed the bill of sale (with names of buyer, seller, date, price, “as is”, “no warranty”). The buyer later texted saying, after he did some research that the trailer was most likely a 2014 and wanted to return it. He has already gone to the DMV in Washington State and transferred the title to his name - so claimed he no longer had the original title. He claims we misrepresented the trailer in our ad. We listed it according to what the DMV title stated and what we believed to be true. He said he will make a claim against us. I’ve never had this problem. Any suggestions? I no longer have the Craigslist ad from when I bought it. The person who bought it from me gave the title to his DMV yesterday, so he probably has a temporary title or receipt from DMV and it will take a few days for him to get the official title in the mail. I would think he/I now have to wait until he gets that document. Thanks for your advice. There is normally a significant gap between the amount of people who threaten to sue vs those who do. Most folks believe the threat is a Pugh to get their way. Do you still have a copy of the advertisement when you bought it ? I assume when he titled it and it’s a 2018... there pretty much no way to prove you misrepresented it if that’s the case If that's all he's basing his conclusion on I suspect that it is still a 2018. Assuming the original owner didn't misrepresent it and also thought it was a 2018 it would be pretty damn hard for him to mistake a 4 year old trailer as being purchased in the last year. The fact that he wants to return it rather than just bring it to your attention or asking for some compensation leads me to believe he just has buyer's remorse or he purchased it to be used for a day and no longer needs it and wants to harass you into giving him his money back. I can't remember if the VINs on trailers follow the regular 16 digit format rules that cars do but that should tell you the year manufactured. I can see below you don't have the VIN available anymore. I would try and find some paperwork with the vin, otherwise ignore the seller unless served.  Did it have a license plate? Do you have registration paperwork with the VIN? Ask him to send you the VIN Unfortunately, the vin was on the title and I didn’t make a copy. He submitted it the DMV today to re-title it.  "Most likely" doesn't hold up in court. He has to definitely prove his claim. You must prove that you acted in good faith (which it appears you did.) Most likely his threats are empty and even more likely, he used your trailer for the move he needed to do, and doesn't want it anymore and is trying to get his money back, having "rented" it form you, the way a person would "rent" a floor jack from Walmart, use it, do their auto repairs, and then return it to Walmart stating the floor jack's color clashes with their garage decor. Or do you have a way to get it? This letter specifies a year (j being 2018) Do you know the 10th letter of the VIN? The VIN will tell the date of manuafacture. If the trailer and title VIN don’t match that might be a problem, but I imagine he would have said that. Probably just buyer’s remorse.  Yes. We gave the buyer the title. He re-registered it today in his name.  Yes. He took the title to his state today and re-titled it under his name. All you can do is wait and see what happens then. You might want to contact the people you brought it from and see what paperwork they have, if any, that would prove the age. Like I said, we had no reason to believe the trailer was not a 2018. The title stated it was. We no longer have the title as he took it and re-registered it in his state today. I assume the new title will also say 2018 as it sounds like he registered it prior to questioning the age.  He looked on the manufacturer website and noticed features on the 2018 that were not on the one we sold him. The photo in our Craigslist ad was our trailer.  Did the trailer or title have a VIN? What "research" did the buyer do that indicated the trailer is a 2014 and not 2018 model? As-is sales can be reversed if there was some fraud involved in the sale. If the trailer was sold as a 2018 trailer but it is really a 2014 trailer, that would be problematic for you, the seller. If you truly thought it was a 2018 trailer and not a 2014 trailer, then your case is much stronger. If you had reason to believe it was a 2014 trailer, if you lied about it being a 2018 trailer, then the buyer is in the right.  IANAL but if everything you say is true, I wouldn't worry about it. He signed official state paperwork that was listing it as 2018 right? 