 So to make a long story short. My land contract term ends Feb. 28th and i can't apply for a loan (VA) until Feb. 1 due to bankruptcy two years ago (seller is aware of this). We asked for an extension of 3-4 weeks due to this. The seller wants a letter of commitment from the bank, which is 100% understandable. Upon agreeing to that, he then demanded 3 thousand dollars to extend the contract a few. We can't do that. He intends to evict us over 3-4 weeks that are out of my wife and I's control. I know this is all within his rights. i have no control over closing times. My question is, how long is it going to take to evict us? The reason i ask is because if we have to leave feb 28 we'll (wife, myself, 4 kids) have to rent a place to small for our family (nothing in our area the size we need) and then find a house to buy. If its a lengthy process then we can skip renting which would be preferable. i know this seems shady or whatever on my end but jesus christ. its a month. I want to buy this house. I don't want to move my family twice. i want to sleep tonight. Of course, but unless it was owner-financed (like a land-contract), judicial foreclosure is almost certainly not required. If he was paying rent, even if a portion goes towards a down payment, it's a lease-option or similar.  Yeah, we would need to see the contract to know what it is.  His response to my reply: "rent" per month until we can finance the house. The original deal was 2 years but we extended it for a year due to my bankruptcy. I went though a rather extensive divorce and did't have much of a choice in the matter.  How did you figure that out?  . But he can't evict you; and although IN law gives him the ability to forfeit (take back) the property, the online sources I've read (which I can't link due to sub rules) say that when the buyer has acquired a "substantial interest" in the property, i.e., by paying the contract down to some arbitrarily small amount, then the seller must proceed by judicial foreclosure. See Skendzel v. Marshall, 301 N.E.2d 641 (1973). I don't think this is accurate, but it's OP's fault, not yours. He's essentially in a lease-option contract, and his contract is just a conditional sale agreement. Basically, he's renting with an option to purchase, and it's the option window that is coming to an end, so if OP doesn't exercise the option he becomes a month to month tenant at that point.  We have an appointment with such a lawyer next Tuesday.  Heh...if you're not in default, then there isn't shit he can do. If and when you default, then he can take action. But he can't evict you; and although IN law gives him the ability to forfeit (take back) the property, the online sources I've read (which I can't link due to sub rules) say that when the buyer has acquired a "substantial interest" in the property, i.e., by paying the contract down to some arbitrarily small amount, then the seller must proceed by judicial foreclosure. If you only have two payments left, I can't imagine a court ruling that you hadn't acquired a substantial interest in the property. And there's no way that he could foreclose and evict before you get your loan in March. So I'd just ignore him. But of course, you should consult a local real property lawyer for case-specific advice. Sleep well. Yea, that definitely sounds like a lease with an option to buy. In that case, if you don't exercise your option to purchase by the final date, they can terminate your tenancy, terminate your option, and tell you to hit the road with 30 days notice.  basically we pay "rent" per month until we can finance the house. The original deal was 2 years but we extended it for a year due to my bankruptcy. I went though a rather extensive divorce and did't have much of a choice in the matter. Perhaps that is a lease option. The contract itself says CONTRACT FOR CONDITIONAL SALE OF REAL ESTATE we're not behind on payments. The balance when we apply for the loan is 103k It sounds like this is a lease-option, not a land contract. In a land-contract, the seller is the lender, and you are essentially paying them a mortgage payment each month and when the property is paid off, you own it outright. Is that correct? Are you currently in default of your payments? If so, by how much? When did you last make a payment? What's the outstanding balance owed on the contract? hey. sorry, new here. I'm in Indiana. Yes Feb. 28 is when the contract states that i am to have the property bought.   You mean that's the deadline to pay it off? I don't understand. Please explain in detail. And give your location, for crying out loud. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.