 Hi all, For background, I am a Muslim, and my ex is also Muslim. I dated a guy for 6 months in 2016. He was extremely religious (a hafiz) and this was one of the reasons why I wanted to be with him. However, he was also extremely abusive. He would yell at me, be manipulative, and scream in my face sometimes over the smallest things. For perspective, I baked him cookies one time and I ate one to see how it tasted. He screamed at me for eating a cookie. Needless to say, I broke up with him after 6 months after seeing how abusive he was. However, after I broke up with him, he would not leave me alone. I tried dating someone else, and my ex found out. This is when I discovered he had secret videos and pictures of me, and he contacted me saying that he would leak these pictures/videos if I dated anyone else. He recorded me without my consent as well. Keep in mind that these are very private pictures/videos. I am scared of him, and I am scared of cutting contact with him because I believe he will leak these pictures/videos if he finds out I blocked him. He still contacts me 2 years after I broke up with him. He still threatens me. He once posted a picture of just my face on instagram in the past as a warning, but took it down. What should I do? Hes currently not living in the U.S. (he lives in the middle east). Im in the US. Please help. It's causing me so much stress. I think about this every day, it's consuming my life. I'm also so ashamed in myself and I never want my parents to find out. Tldr; ex has private photos/videos of me, threatening to leak. How do I navigate this? Yep. The problem is that he's not currently living in the US. Hes in the Middle East. So can I still file a police report against him? Then file a police report against him. Hi, yes he is American. Thank you. I will plan to see a lawyer. I think OP added religion to show what kind of community she's in and how this could be very bad for her  Copyright the images. If he ever disperses them you sue the shit out him for copyright infringement.  In my opinion you have two options. Reach out to an attorney and find out if anything can be done legally to prevent him from leaking the photos. Or, let him leak the photos. He’s holding you hostage with this and he’s obviously an abusive psychopath. Move somewhere and don’t give anybody who knows him the information about where you are. If he leaks the pictures then he leaks the pictures. In the United States people are very forgiving about that kind of thing. I know you’re religious and that’s a lot of it but to be honest if he decides to do it there’s nothing you can do about it anyway, and for all you know he’s already done it and/or showed them to his friends. Regardless, don’t allow him to have this power over you anymore. Disappear and go on with your life. Google, “Be the Grey Rock.” None of the religious stuff matters. Your state does matter. Is he an American?