 Hey reddit, My mom passed away and i'm trying to gain access to her iCloud/Apple ID Here's the info Apple gave me. (TL;DR, I need a court order stating I am the legal heir to her estate and a judgement ordering apple to release her iCloud data to me. Here's the email apple sent me: 're interested in accessing data contained within the Apple ID, this option permits you to reset the password and security questions to the Apple ID. You'll have access to any data contained within the Apple ID, but Apple doesn't have a way to obtain data on a physical device. : 's death certificate : . . “agent” of the decedent, and their authorization constitutes “lawful consent” as those terms are used in the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. 's personal data from their accounts, which may contain third party personally identifiable information or data. I need to file with the court, which filing option do I need to submit? [Here are the options listed on the Sarpy County website](http://www.sarpy.com/justice-public-safety/district-court/district-court-filing-fees) thanks in advance for any help. Did she have a will? Was the value of her estate greater than $50,000? When a person dies, everything they owned is now the property of an entity called "Estate of Deceased's Name." Someone or some organization has to be appointed to take care of that estate. That involves identifying assets and debts, paying off the debts, and distributing what's left to the heirs. That’s “probate.” Nebraska calls the person in charge of the estate the personal representative. The person willing be representative applies for formal appointment with the probate court in the county where the deceased lived at the time of death. You aren't the legal representative of the estate until the court hands you a piece of paper confirming it. With a will, it is "Letters Testamentary." Without a will, it's called "Letters of Administration." Those Letters are what Apple wants to see. If the estate is worth less than $50,000, you may be able to use a [simplified procedure](). You will need to contact the county court in the county where she lived at the time of death to find out how to petition for probate. You can probate an estate yourself, but many people find it easier to have an attorney help them. Attorney fees are paid by the estate, although the attorney may want an upfront retainer. You might want to at least have an initial consultation with an attorney, to be sure you get it right. Did your mother's estate go through probate? If so, you should have some document that identifies you as the heir to the piece of property. If it hasn't, consider bringing it through probate, [which is filed through county court](http://www.sarpy.com/justice-public-safety/county-court). Clerk of courts should be able to help you file correctly if you call or go in person.