 If I were to do this and have the house in both of our names, would we owe higher taxes being a second home in michigan? Would they be able to get around the gift tax if they gifted me the down payment amount? What’s the best way to structure this legally and financially? Honestly, all of these questions should be put to a CPA. I'm sure there's a sub for that... but if you're considering an investment home, there are enough considerations that it's worth sitting down with someone local and building a professional relationship, because you'll probably need them again. Your options on legal structure will be somewhat constrained by your mortgage lender too... they will have things to say about who is on the mortgage, who is on the title, how the downpayment is gifted, etc. Do not move a penny around (or buy new furniture or cars or boats or open new credit card accounts) until you have a mortgage broker who will talk you through it, because some things that seem like no big deal to you can be BIG damned deals to the underwriter. There’s really no such thing as ‘gift tax’ unless your parents have given away literally millions of dollars in their lifetimes , and in that case, they would be the ones to pay the tax. The only requirement the IRS has when it comes to gifts is that a sum over $14,000 annually to one person has to be reported on a form. That’s it. Gifts aren’t even taxable income for the gifted. I understand the desire here, but if you enter into this you need to have a clearly spelled out partnership agreement for this property. Who is responsible for what, and what happens when one party wants to get out of the place. They’re very handy and have lots of spare time. I think they’d like to help/do a lot of the work in order to maximize the investment return. It’s a unique situation. But they’re doing it to help me out, and if they make a buck, we both benefit. They’re great people and I’m lucky to have them  Then this a terrible idea and you should not get involved. Your parents will clearly expect you to keep up the place.  I’m in the same position you are but I haven’t done it because I’m saving up for my own down payment . Plus here in California some cities help you out with your first time purchase . One of my friends did a version of this too. When his grandmother passed away, he and his sister inherited the house. The sister didn’t want it, so my friend pays a mortgage to the sister to buy out her share. The mortgage payments are being made to a college fund for his nieces / the sister’s daughters.  Personalfinance is pretty shallow in terms of anything. Anyone who has the house in their name has a legal right to the property. If, in 45 years, the home is totally paid off and you want to sell it, you'll owe your parents half the money. The best way to deal with this is to simply accept the gift (and make sure it's ACTUALLY a gift) or for them to extend you a loan. You could simply buy the home and have them give you a mortgage. They can get a mortgage lien on the property just like a mortgage company can. The lien needs to be recorded with the county, so an attorney to make sure everything is done correctly would be a good idea. This is something we commonly do in my family. My grandmother held mortgages on both of my siblings homes as well as I think most of my cousins. A tax attorney would be able to look into ways they could help you but if you borrow from them they could just loan you the full amount, no down payment. Note that your parents would have to declare any interest you pay them as income. Thanks, I’ll give that a shot tomorrow!  With my crazy work schedule currently, I’m not around a lot and don’t have time to put into fixing up a house. My parents will be retiring in the next 5-10 years and if they could find a good deal to flip, why not? There are a lot of things to explore here. I suggest you go over to personal finance. But also, you might want to sit down with an accountant who can look at the various options based on the amount of money involved.  Kind of defying the experience of purchasing own home ?