 Sorry if this is the wrong sub for this question but it couldn't really think of a better place for it. Earlier today, while both myself and my husband were at work, an FBI visited our house to speak with my husband, but as no one was home they left their card and called my husband asking when the best time to speak with him would be. However they refused to give any further information as to what this concerned only stating that he wasn't in trouble. They are now coming on Thursday. But we are both completely confused as to what this may be about especially when it's an FBI agent rather than a police officer or detective. We are both hard working, law abiding citizens who pay or taxes and other than a fee health issues here and there, live a relatively trouble free life. So while this may be a long shot to ask... could anyone off any insight into what this may be about?  Nope - FBI agents do not do security clearance checks and the background investigators do call and do tell you it's for a security investigation for someone. They don't waste time driving to your house to speak to someone who may not know the person they're investigating. OP - your husband needs to speak to a criminal defense attorney before speaking to the FBI. It's possible that someone you know is under investigation. You dont have to respond to any of the questions if you dont want. It might be a good idea to have a lawyer present to advise you before answering any of the questions just in case. It's probably a background check for someone you know or are related to (assuming they are still doing those with the shutdown). There's a likely chance someone has used him as a reference for a position, and they want to verify information. Other than that, there's no way to venture a guess. No. We have no magic eight ball that knows more than you. Go talk to an attorney and have them present. Better safe than sorry.  Someone he knows may be getting a security check done on them and he is a reference or may know him 