 Sorry for spelling errors its 2 hours past my bedtime but i cant sleep. Lets start with i have a small online following nothing major but a small following. I live stream on twitch and because of my health its the only way i can make money right now as the state of fl pretty much said they wont help me unless i get pregnant. Anyway a few years ago I upset some people(not sure how but i did) and they started harassing me while i streamed they would send pizzas and religions people to my house and post my address publicly. I stopped streaming for a bit because it become to much to handle. Not so much for me but my exs parents who were staying with us for a few months until they found a home and didnt feel safe and such and it caused alot of issues at home. I just had my ex help me out with some bills and such due to lack of streaming. The fact that i stopped upset them more. They somehow found racy pictures of me that were YEARS old (one even being me in a bra when i was 17)and posting it online with my address and a bunch of other personal info. then i had men show up at my door asking for sex. I didnt feel safe anymore and my ex and his family wasnt having it anymore and pretty much didnt want me there. So i moved out and ended things with him. This was may of 2017ish. i did some digging and found out how they got my address on floridaresidentsdirectory .com they did all personal info. I tried to contact them and they just pretty much copied and pasted whats at the bottom of there website. All information on this website is public information in the State of Florida as part of the voter registration database. This website is not affiliated with the State of Florida. This website is not a consumer reporting agency under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Information on this website is not permissible to be used for purposes as laid out in the FCRA. So they found out my info via my voting info. So i didnt updated my info there. If you look it up it still shows my exs house (who still lives there) with everything going on politically right now i dont want to give up my right to vote but i feel like i have to. even my new bf is scared to update his info just in case. his voting stuff shows the house i moved into after i left my exs but we moved in oct to a new place so neither of our stuff is updated. We did move to a "gated" community but the screuity officer guy just checks ids shows the camera and lets them in doesn't ask for where they are going and such. To make matters worse i thought this all died down but i got a text from my ex this past week that the stalkers/pizzas/religious people started up again. (100% out of the blue) and hes been calling me telling whatever im doing to stop i havent done anything new infact ive had computer issues that for the last 10ish days. So my question is I have a right to vote but now how can i safely vote. What can i do about the creepers/harassment for me and for my ex as its was started with one person (a Canadian and a dude in WV) but now its many more people. 