 Lets say I have a quality collection of racing cars, and I'd like to generate a business around others being able to use/race with them. I've collected many cars on a spectrum from basic to extravagant... This is not a business validation question, I'd just like to know everything I would need to consider as I go about this business. To that point Id also like to exclude legal discussions around the liability of drivers. This really pertains to my cars and the methods in which I want to rent them out. What do I need to know to protect myself and my collection? Am I allowed to charge for "lost or stolen" items? Am I allowed to issue some sort of asset-insurance without formal legal financial qualification ? (not including actual drivers insurance) Am I allowed to issue an asset indefinitely (no specific period of time at no extra cost or hidden fees)? May I randomize which cars each renter can use (for fairness and even distribution)? What am I not allowed to do? -- obviously I wouldn't include hidden fees or bait and switch methods. My ideal is to make these cars accessible and allow for renting of whatever car at the same price (again not asking for biz validation here). At that point I would create a "fair" system to allow for even distribution of usage. Fair enough. When you state “withstand orbital bombardment”, is that in regard to protecting my assets? It is nearly impossible to separate the nature of the business from this advice because one of the main reasons you form a corporation is to limit your personal liability. The best way to do that is going to depend on what sort - and what amount - of liability you are taking on. Most small corporate entities only have to worry about shielding the owners’ personal assets from creditors. Even then, you should make sure to talk to an attorney to ensure that the bank doesn’t end up owning your house if your business goes bankrupt. What you are describing is orders of magnitude more risky and thus more complex. If a typical LLC - the kind you’d need to rent old LEGO sets - is a bulletproof vest, you are going to need armor plate that can withstand orbital bombardment. They simply aren’t comparable, to the point that discussing them in the same post is ludicrous. You want to create a business renting old lego sets? Set up an LLC, consult with a business attorney, consult with a CPA about your tax situation, and figure out how to make a profit and run the business and all that that entails. Renting lego sets and renting out vehicles intended to be used for racing is on opposite ends of the liability spectrum, so there would be incredible differences in how to structure each of those businesses and what kind of liabilities you need to take into consideration. There is no "one-size-fits-all" answer to your question without knowing specifically what it is that you want to do. Sell them on eBay or Amazon and pay your taxes. If it were old lego sets, how would your advice shift?  Everything I mentioned factors into that. You're talking about renting out cars, intended to be driven in a manner that could cause injury, and profiting off of it. You need a business lawyer, an insurance agent, business licenses, perhaps a CPA -- a whole lot of IRL people. Without knowing what, specifically, you're trying to do, and what kind of business you're trying to set up, it's nearly impossible to even tell you what step 1 would be or what, specifically, you need to know. With an attorney and a shitload of insurance. This is not really about cars, or how to set up a business. This is a theoretical notion of renting out a personal collection of assets and the legal structure about how I do that. It could be race cars, are power tools, or iPhones, or whatever... I wanted to avoid the legality issues (only in this post) around a specific asset and obv choosing driving as an example would confuse this so my b. You should still consider a business attorney and understand that if you rent out things like tools and phones, you won't be getting all of them back.  Understood and this mis-communication is my fault as this is not really about driving race cars as I tried expressing. It is just a theoretical notion of renting out a personal collection of assets and the legal structure abou how I do that. It could be race cars, are power tools, or iPhones, or whatever... I wanted to avoid the legality issues (only in this post) around a specific asset and obv choosing driving as an example would confuse this.   'd just like to know everything I would need to consider as I go about this business. Then you need an IRL lawyer advising you, not internet randos. There's a ton of stuff you need to know -- business structure, business ownership, tax liabilities, injury liabilities, business insurance, vehicle insurance, loss prevention, local laws and regulations, permits if applicable, license if applicable -- all of that stuff, and more, is waaaaay beyond the scope of internet advice. There's no way anyone could possible lay out everything you need to know in a forum like this, and they certainly wouldn't do it for free. Consult an IRL attorney, inquire with the city about permits, licenses, and regulations, call insurance companies about covering all the various liability situations, set up some kind of business structure, figure out what taxes you owe, talk to a CPA, and so on and so forth. This is way beyond internet advice and DIY territory. Literally everything having to do with this idea. Driver safety and replacing or repairing cars that inevitably crash fly immediately to the forefront of my mind. No matter how easily you think you'll get those issues covered, you cannot have one little lapse in your procedure or liability coverage. You need an attorney to handle the inevitable legal affairs this business will have, and you'll need one before you begin business, so consider that when formulating seed money.  Not serious about racing cars, just the theoretical notion of renting out a personal collection of assets and how I go about doing that Ok fair, but when you state " liability ridden" what exactly are you pertaining to You absolutely need to retain a business attorney for something this incredibly liability ridden. This is way beyond the scope of this subreddit. If you are serious then speak to a lawyer about your plans.