 Posting on behalf of a family member, but we have a giant hole in the ground of our garage the plumbers made and they won’t fix it. First of all, the family member signed a contract on iPad that she didn’t send request a copy of. (Yes, yes, we’ve yelled at her already for how stupid that is) The family member remembers specifically only signing the contract for $1595 leak. Afterwards, the plumbers spent 3 days looking for the leak and didn’t find it. They want to give up looking and are now asking for $2000+ for the extra days of labor and such. They don’t want to fill up the hole or fix the leak any more. What do we do now? The hole is currently slowly filling up with water from the leak and the only thing the plumbers will offer is some drywall to cover up the wall so we can’t see the hole. We think they might threaten legal action next week if we refuse to pay them. Check the CSLB website to make sure it’s actually valid. Then file a complaint  Ok we do have a photo of their license. FM was at least smart enough to keep a record of that. Do we complain first or ask for the contract first before doing anything else? She already did. The insurance company will not cover anything as the damage occurred as a result of our actions (calling for a plumber) and a broken pipe that was never covered to begin with (our policy only covers water damage not the pipes themselves). Part of the contract she signed most likely had fine print stating that there may be unforeseen complications that arise, that there may be substantial further charges if unforeseen complications arise, etc. Plumbers don't have magic balls that show them exactly what is behind walls or hurried under ground or so on - they use experience and best judgement to repair things as best possible - but they have no idea what the last 50 people who have lived there or the last 5 earthquakes may have done or the people who built the place might have done wrong years ago. Sometimes these things cost a LOT of extra money. Have her call her insurance company - with any luck at least SOME of the costs may be covered. Have you checked to see if they hold the appropriate licensing? A complaint to the CSLB might help If they’re not licensed you need to take a different approach. 