 Here is the quoted message with the company name removed: Hello I know you don’t know me. But I am a former HR manager for [big box retailer]. I was recently let go from Union corporate headquarters. When I left I took a list of names of managers that were being laid off on Monday March 2nd. This list had your name and phone number. The criteria was underperforming and or overpaid DM2 and ASM spots in the company. Along with some right sizing for small stores with over paid ASM. Your name and number was on that list. There won’t be a severance this time and it’s coming fast. They are fighting unemployment too. I am reaching out to those affected in hopes they won’t get you like they got me. Unemployed. Good luck to you. (Italics added for clarity) I live and work at a location in Colorado. I've never, in 4 years with the company, had a performance write up. I assume that I would fall into the overpaid category. Can this be legal? No severance seems like a dirty move, but the pushing for no unemployment seems unnecessarily cruel. I plan to contact a labor attorney tomorrow, but I would appreciate any advice for how to handle this upcoming layoff.  Just a heads up: an unethical company will always contest unemployment. That doesn't mean they get their way. There is a dispute and appeals process. You may not get paid while it's ongoing, but you WILL get back pay for eligible weeks if the unemployment commission determines you were not fired for cause. I went through this a couple years ago with a large, shady company and won. Just stay calm, keep any records of your stellar performance off site so you can access them after being fired, and make sure to file an appeal ASAP if they deny your unemployment. They can fight unemployment if they want, they'll just lose on appeal most of the time. But it may discourage some who don't know their rights and reduce the unemployment draw. I can find out for you in seconds if it's true. What is the name of the company? Great response! Shitty reality for me, hahaha, but very clear and sound response. Thanks! Only if it can be shown that the reason for your termination was exercise of the protected leave. They can still fire you just like they would fire any other person. Being a part of a list, which presumably you have things in common with others on it would be a factor in favor of the company. Great response. I happened to be on an intermittent FMLA for care of a defendant. Any idea of that would protect me? [removed] I was afraid that would be the stark answer I would be facing. Thank you for the fast response! As a manager (assuming that is meaningful and you have actual hiring/firing authority) it’s almost certainly legal. Absent a union agreement, which you can’t have as a manager, or some sort of contact stating you can only be fired for cause (which are super rare), you are an at will employee. At will means you can be fired or disciplined for any reason (including a bad or inaccurate one) or no reason at all so long as the reason isn’t membership in a protected class or engaging in some protected activities. The federally protected classes are race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, pregnancy, and age (which is 40+). Some states add other categories (such as sexual orientation). The federally protected activities are some protected collective bargaining activities, filing wage claims, filing EEOC claims, filing sexual harassment reports, filing reports with OSHA, and use of protected leave such as FMLA. Again, some states add extra protections (such as protections for use of sick leave which doesn’t qualify for FMLA). Being overpaid isn’t a protected class. I don’t see how they could fight unemployment, being overpaid or bad at your job isn’t a basis to deny unemployment. That said, also keep in mind this could be a disgruntled employee trying to start shit. But looking for a new job wouldn’t be the worst idea, because if they do fire you it’s nearly certain to be legal. Can they lay you off? Sure. Absent a written employment contact saying otherwise (or Union). You are likely an at will employee. They can lay you off at any time for any reason or no reason (except For bring a member of a protected class)