 On mobile, apologies if formatting is off. I have a lease signed in 2017 that has an auto-renewal clause. It was signed with a property management company that, a few months later, stopped doing business with the building owner. There had been no problem until May of this year, when a note was left on my door that my rent is going up, effective immediately (and rent is now to be paid to her personal bank account, not the business account I had paid all this time, but no new bank account information was provided to me) and if I didn't want to pay it I can vacate. I called the building owner and explained I have a lease. The building owner refuses to acknowledge the lease and insists I pay more or leave. I sent a certified letter stating I will continue to pay my rent in the same amount and manner as I have been, UNTIL A NEW LEASE IS GENERATED. In response was another note on my door saying there will be no lease, pay the new amount or leave, and do not send certified letters because "nobody lives here" (despite public records showing that as building owner's address AND the phone number she gave me is a landline at that address). Nothing happened in June after that note from her. Then today I received a note under door from upstairs neighbor saying "the building owner said her lawyer said you didn't pay your July rent, she wants to know if you are moving out." I did indeed pay my July rent and have receipts for the cashier's check and deposit to the account. Soon after that note was dropped off, the building owner herself came knocking on my door and rattling the doorknob, threatening to call the police. I ignored her and eventually she stopped. It is my understanding that the only lease I have remains in effect unless a new lease or lease addendum is signed. She cannot choose to disregard my lease and then make up whatever she wants. I am being made to feel uncomfortable here. I bought a motion activated security camera that alerts to my phone just so I can tell if she's entering without proper notice. I don't want to live here anymore but I can't afford to move right now. I am not sure what I am supposed to do. Do I need to pay a lawyer to send her a letter? It’s going to depend on the exact wording of the lease, and since OP used personal pronouns when telling us the wording, it’s pretty clear we don’t have the exact wording. leases can be verbal. shes modifying your lease verbally. your a month to month tenant. That's a pretty uncommon structure for a residential lease, which I think confused us here. It's much more typical for a term lease to roll over into a month-to-month agreement if nobody gives notice or signs a new term lease. It sounds like you've done what you need to do. Continue paying rent according to the lease terms. It's not clear how explicitly you've spelled this out to her. It might help to do so one last time, in writing, and include a copy of the signed lease for her reference. Keep copies of all correspondence, of course. Other than that, all you can do is protect yourself by making sure you have multiple copies of the lease stored securely -- ideally one copy secure in your home, one physical copy somewhere else, and a good quality scan in the cloud somewhere (same goes for any correspondence about this issue). If you think she may illegally evict you, by changing the locks or whatever, you might consider finding someplace safe to store any important documents, checkbook, or other items that might come in handy if you were locked out. Aside from that - the ball is in her court to do something illegal. You said you spoke to a legal aid person. If she takes any further action, go back and talk to that person about how to respond. If she locks you out, call the police and have a copy of your lease handy. Lease renews annually under same terms unless I give notice to vacate, they give notice of discontinuation, or they give notice of rent increase. I told her in a certified letter I will pay my same rent the same way until a new agreement is signed. The building owner says she will not acknowledge this lease AND she will not enter into any other written agreement. Just pay the new rent (I guess whatever she wants it to be each month) or leave. When you said it automatically renew, is it renewing for a full year or month to month? What does it specifically say about renewal? If it's for a full year renewal then yes that is a valid lease and both parties should be following it. However if it doesn't make mention of term of renewal or even states it's a month based then she can indeed force you to pay more without giving you a new lease completely. The only time a new lease is required is if the term limit or amenities change or if a new owner takes over the property. Once the lease expires, ANYTIME can be lease renewal time. Maybe we've missed something here. What exactly does your auto-renewal clause say? She has right to increase rent at lease renewal time. May was after lease renewal. You don't get to just stay there forever at your original rent. If you keep this up, the best outcome you can expect is that she'll terminate your tenancy and force you out. That's the best outcome, since it assumes she doesn't want to take you to court over the disputed rent increase. The legal aid person I spoke with, before this new development, advised the old agreement remains in force until new agreement is signed. She found building owner's address and advised to to send certified letter. She doesn’t have to. The notice was the addendum. By staying, you accepted her offer. If that is the case, why has she refused to produce any kind of agreement to that effect for us both to sign? Even month-to-month rentals have a signed agreement. You are a month to month tenant. You can move with a one month notice. The flip side of that is that the landlord can give you one month notice to leave or, as in your case, to pay a new amount. It sounds to me like you owe her the new amount unless you want to deal with an eviction.