 My wife and I recently put our son in daycare at 8 months old so she could get back to working more. We checked out several different sites. We decided on our daycare because they had a lower teacher/infant ratio than others, but also because you could subscribe to a service that provided a live feed of the daycare. This daycare was more expensive than others but due to these features and online reviews we thought it was a no brainer compared to the other ones. After paying the registration fee and first weeks tuition up front, we also paid the $200 fee for the camera access (which could not be paid in installments or monthly, had to be paid for the year up front.) We felt the camera fee was an investment as we were planning on keeping him in this daycare for at least a year. We signed him up for 2 days a week, and once he turned one planned on enrolling him full time. I will be the first to admit my son has had a rough go of it. He’s been a little sick, so he’s not sleeping at night. Also going to daycare is a complete 180 from what he’s used to. So I know he’s been upset and whiny at daycare, but today was just starting week 3 so we thought he’d adjust over time. My wife said over the last two weeks she got the feeling the workers were getting a little agitated with him, but when she asked they assured us he would adapt. One thing we had noticed was that they seemed to put him in a crib a lot. So today my wife logged into the camera system and noticed he was in the crib again. She was in the process of sending me a Snapchat if it when one of the workers came over and began aggressively “rocking” the crib. To the point my son was rolling over. She obviously saved the video. We showed the video to multiple other people with children in daycare and they all agreed it seemed excessive and done out of frustration. My wife immediately left work and picked up our son. She demanded to talk to the director. She did not tell the director that she had recorded it, but simply gave her the time stamp to review it. She didnt even look at the tape before saying “I’ve told them not to do that because it looks bad on camera.” She then told my wife some things that we need to work on with our son, and offered to let him come an extra day a week to help him get used to it. The wife and I talked about many possible scenarios but we aren’t comfortable sending him back to a place where we feel the worker acted against our son in frustration. My question is are there any legal repercussions we could face by posting this video on social media since it was recorded on her phone from the camera system?  The wife is asleep so I’d have to ask her what she signed at the daycare. As far as the camera system provider I read the terms and conditions and the only thing I saw that might apply was a provision that stated “for personal use only” What did you agree to when you got use of the cameras? One guesses you agreed not to record or make public images from the system as a preservation of the privacy of other children. These circumstances might not change the enforceability of such a provision. 