 Hi. Simple, if I grow a bunch of high CBD hemp plants that looks JUST LIKE POT and they did arrest me (in Tennessee) obviously they'd test it and see no THC and let me go but can I sue afterwards? Its Federally legal now as of 12/2018 Thanks in advance.   States can absolutely ban something the federal government allows. You see that all the time.  Alcohol is legal federally, but states get to decide the who, what, when, where, and how of alcohol sales.  Nowhere near the same bc that's intent to distribute to minors at that, I'm just a Constitutional American and now that it's 2x legal I'll not not have repeated abuse and harassment. ..bc I do intend to grow my own medicine and they need if they don't already have roadside THC testers. What if you took a bunch of empty vodka bottles, filled them with water and gave them to kids? You think you could sue the police for arresting you for that? No, it proves that I'm drinking. It also proves that a minor factual difference (actual arrest v. theoretical arrest) doesn't change the legal outcome. At all. You seem to be convinced that you know the answer and that it's contrary to what you're being told. Feel free to test that out and hopefully all will be well.  First of all I never said I was arrested. Proves you weren't reading my OP. But marijuana is not. If you're growing something that looks just like something that is illegal you may be subject to arrest. The charges were dismissed when chemical testing demonstrated that the plants were not illegal. As mentioned, the standard is probable cause. Was the arrest supported by enough factual data to support a reasonable conclusion that you were doing something unlawful? The answer seems to be an emphatic "yes." There are tons of things that are illegal under state laws, which are either unaddressed by federal law, or illegal under federal law only under extremely specific circumstances. But hemp is legal in Tennessee as well tho friend. So in this case it'd be legal on 2 counts, if you will. It's federally legal to record a conversation you're party to. It's a serious crime to record unless you have the other party's consent in many states.  Without a question, no not at all.  Doesn't matter. Arrests are justified if the police have probable cause to effect a seizure. By your own admission the plants look "JUST LIKE POT" and marijuana remains illegal in your state.  Not sure how a state law could trump a federal law? I mean as far as this plant has come it's the other way around, with the threat of Fed law overriding a state law You can sue for pretty much any reason you want, but unless you can show that you were financially affected by this, it would be hard to find a lawyer that would be interested or a judge that will be likely to rule in your favor. They arrested you, seized the evidence, tested it, and then no charges were filed and you were released? You have nothing to sue for. Maybe you shouldn't make things that look just like illegal drugs. No. Police generally have immunity if they're acting in good faith. Plus your grow op might still be illegal in Tennessee regardless of federal law.