 Reddit, we're in a heck of a pickle, and hope there's someone that can help. My wife and I are both disabled, late 40s. At last diagnosis, she has cervical spinal stenosis as well as scoliosis. She walks with a cane. Myself, it's profound hearing-impairment and PTSD (not a war vet). We live in the Tempe, Arizona area, and are about to lose the room we're renting. It's been an ugly stay here; the live-in landlord is a mentally-ill trust fund kid whose mother handles most of his affairs. They're buying the house. It's a pretty hostile environment to begin with, thanks to the landlord's instability. Example: He was about to take a trip with his mom, and 5 minutes before he wanted to leave, the power went out in half the house. Why? He'd plugged 20 amps worth of equipment into a 15-amp circuit. I knew what the problem was, and said I'd fix it in a sec. He and his mother lost it. "DON'T TOUCH THE BREAKERS!!! WHARGARBL, ETC." Their freak-out lasted 45 minutes. They left and I fixed it in 5. This sort of thing is a daily/weekly occurance. For another example, take today: I woke up, and was immediately asked to fix his computer. I did so, and as the wife and I went outside to make some calls. There was a little bit of in-and-out as I went back-and-forth 'tween my wife and my computer. There's now a sign on the back door limiting egress to once per hour, max. This sort of thing as become more frequent; I've been woken up to call the cops on his behalf, things left in common areas disappear, we've been told to help clean messes he and his friends make, etc. He yells at me for spending all my time on my computer, and is uninterested in hearing that I'm job hunting. I'm always playing games, according to him, and he has no interest in looking at the records of my job hunt (I have all of this in email and text). Like I said, pretty hostile environment for an older disabled couple. On top of all this, I lost my job in September of last year, and have been scrambling to find work since. Unemployment went out the window with one/two day contracts I was taking with a staffing agency; earning more than ~200 a week nixes any benefits. Luckily, I'd managed to get a job at Christmas through yet another staffing agency, just have it fall through, but it ended thanks to the shutdown due to "work slowdowns" (they had numerous government contracts). The end result? We're now 1.5 months behind, and were told that unless we have the entire amount on this Friday, we're outta here. It gets better: Today, I got the next 5 business days contracted out, so I won't be here to help her pack. She can barely handle basic household tasks as it is, and to make things worse, she's also got a minor surgical procedure tomorrow that I won't be able to help her get to, so she's going into sans sedation. Rough choice there. We have no car, and no money to catch up, so we're standing to lose everything we own. We've reached out to the local disability councils, homeless shelters, social-service organizations, etc, but they're unable to help thanks to, once again, the shutdown. They're stressed past the breaking point and have nothing for us. We don't have any family or friends here we can stay with in the interim, and I have run out of options. I'm working with Vocational Rehab, but they don't have any resources for this. Trying to 'camp out' is a non-option, my wife's medical issues make it hard for her to move around in optimal environments. T'be honest, I'm feeling pretty bad about having to post to begin with; I feel like I've let my wife down in providing for her. She's been trying to keep a strong face on for this, but the stress here keeps pushing her past her physical, mental, and emotional tolerances, and there's not much I can do but hold her while she cries. The situation has also lit up my PTSD like a Christmas tree. ...but I can't let my failures and ego override her needs. To be honest, I'd be comfortable being homeless if she has a place to stay, but I don't know how long it'll take for us to get steady enough to even get into an extended stay hotel, so I'm not sure how any of that'd work. I'm not sure what we can do here. I'm scared, frustrated, and just want to do an honest job and provide for my wife. We've been paying them as the money's been coming in, and so we have no savings. They started refusing anything but full payment a few weeks ago. Have you contacted your senator or representative? Ask for their help to find organizations who can assist you during the government shutdown  After the 5 day pay or quit notice, how long does it usually take for eviction in AZ? Yeah, that one point is vague. To me it reads that this is the first time they're being told "Pay or get out," but it would also make sense if they've already gotten some written notice. Correct, but OP said... ? We're now 1.5 months behind, and were told that unless we have the entire amount on this Friday, we're outta here. So it's definitely possible a 5 day pay or quit notice has already been issued.  That's different from, "If you don't give me the full thing by Friday, you're out by Saturday morning," though. If he does have his final five-day notice, he's still got time to stay there while they go through the eviction proceedings. In Arizona, the landlord can issue a 5 day pay or quit notice, then begin the eviction proceedings immediately after the 5 days if not paid in full.  Not OP but it would be relevant to know what the timeline and procedures are for eviction. OP doesn't specifically state but it sounds like there has not yet been an in-writing notification. What exactly is your legal question? You need to pay rent or leave.  I've posted there looking for tenancy lawyers, as well as in /r/Tempe. I'm a deaf computer tech, for reference. Hey OP, crosspost this to /r/Phoenix to get more eyes on it. Good luck. Maybe also put what you are good at as far as work. Amazing things can happen from amazing people. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.