 Hey guys! Need help in a situation I’ve never been in. My wife and I have just moved from an apartment in Washington state closer to our jobs south of where we used to live. We have NEVER had any problems with our landlord our anything like that. When we told him we were moving out we have him a bunch of notice and everything was going well. We moved out a week before the end of the month and our lease terminated on the 31st of December. We asked to have a walk through with our landlord before we moved so that we would be on the same page and nothing would surprise either of us in terms of expectations. We cleaned deeply, took everything with us and said good bye. The day our lease expired we got a text from landlord saying that we obviously just left and did not clean a single thing. Confused, I asked what was not done, he proceeded to send me 5-10 pictures of minute dust clumps, small amounts of rust on our stove drip pans, some dust on the window tracks etc. he was being pretty condescending and rude so we agreed that we could come up 45 miles to do some cleaning after the holiday weekend. On the 7th my wife told him she was coming up he told her had s cleaning crew on the way so no problem. We figured it was fair since we took a few days to head up there. Fast forward 3 weeks, several attempts to collect our deposit and a copy of our lease we receive a packet from the landlord on the 24th, with a letter saying we lost our entire deposit, as well as owing almost 300$ on top of that. The break down lists the ways that our 1300$ deposit was allocated and how an additional 300 or so dollars was needed to “restore apartment to original state”. There was a 75$ trip to home depot, 3 small window screens replaced for over 300$ including the labor, almost 100$ to clean the fridge? There’s no way for me to prove it to you but I’m telling you, there is no way we cost him 1600$ in damages. We are clean people, we didn’t damage anything besides our cat scratching a window screen which I would fully own up to. What can we do? I read in the laws for our state that the landlord has 21 days after our lease is over to respond and send us a break down of our deposit and why it’s being kept which he failed to do. The law says that in that case we should receive our deposit in full. Any and all help is much appreciated! Thank you. 