 I'm an 18 year old male in Kentucky. I was at a walmart and for some reason decided to shoplift. The total price was about $80. I was caught leaving the store and they arrested me, gave me a citation and I was released after about an hour in jail. I have a court appearance and I plan to try and get a public defender appointed to me if I qualify. This is the first time I have ever been arrested or gotten into any trouble like this. Just looking for advice on how to move forward from here. Ill try to answer and questions I can. [removed] Never plead guilty unless a lawyer is advising you to.  Im just saying, I will get a lawyer but if they have a video of me doing it then there is basically nothing i can do. They have physical evidence and my confession so an innocent plea is kinda off the table. Did you want advice or to argue  Im sure they have video of it so there is no reason to not plead guilty. I will get a lawyer but there is most likely no way I will plead innocent. Pleading guilty to a crime involving deception will disqualify you from A LOT of jobs. Get a lawyer.  My boss would likely charge a fee quote of around 900-1000 for something like this District Attorneys don’t make plea deals with people who don’t have attorneys.  Yea but thete is also a chance that I can be accepted for a diversion program. Basically I would just elhave to attend an educational program, pay restitution, perform community service and avoid any further arrests for a period of time. There is telling how much they will cost. You can ask them. A simple misdemeanor like this it won’t cost more than a couple thousand dollars. Your future earning potential could be decreased by millions if you have a criminal records. Employers don’t like hiring people who steal.  If i don't apply for a public defender I may just plead guilty. I know its better to have someone there that actually knows what they're doing but there is no telling how much a lawyer will cost. All you can is get a lawyer. If you don’t qualify for a public defender, you need to get a loan or sell some of your stuff to pay for a lawyer. 