 Hey r/legaladvice Im in need of some serious help right now and don't truly know how to proceed. I was recently charged in the State of New Jersey for the following offence codes: 39-4-49.1 2C: 33-13B 2C: 35-10A (4) 2C: 36-2 The officers who arrested me said that this could seriously hurt me in the long run and I dont know what to do. On r/trees many of the users who had been caught for such things did not have that bad of a time, probation and under $1000 in fines. I am worried this could possibly ruin my FAFSA and I would lose all my money that I desperately need as my family is not that wealthy (Police had also said that they didn't know what would happen with that). I don't know if I should get an attorney or lawyer, or take the free one to save money. They gave me the option to rat on the guy who sold it to me (which is why I think they kept telling me about how my future may be ruined) but I could never do that to someone. So bottom line, Should I get a lawyer, should I even worry about this with the laws on marijuana changing so frequently especially in NJ, and should I be freaking out as much as me and my family are right now. Thanks in advanced, any questions ill respond to ASAP. Thanks again, Throwawayweed69  [NJ Revised Statutes 39-4-49.1]() Possession of Controlled Substance by an Operator of a Motor Vehicle. Traffic violation with $50 minimum fine and 2-year license suspension. [NJ Criminal Code 2C:33-13(b)]() Smoking (tobacco) in a prohibited public place. Petty disorderly conduct offense or civil penalty of with $200 maximum fine. [NJ Criminal Code 2C:35-10A(4)]() Possession of 50 grams or less of marijuana. Disorderly persons offense. [NJ Criminal Code 36-2]() Possession of drug paraphernalia. Disorderly persons offense. When legalization of marijuana results in the removal of previous convictions or remediation of the consequences of convictions, it takes years to make that happen. Hoping that NJ will legalize it is not a good legal strategy regardless of Governor Murphy's comments on Tuesday. It's been legal since 2012 in Washington State, and lots of people with old criminal records will never get them removed, despite Governor Inslee's actions this month to pardon a few thousand people with marijuana convictions. You should take your charging papers to a local attorney who does drug possession defense and get their opinion on whether or not you can get into a [Conditional Discharge program](). If your criminal record is otherwise clean, that's what you want. You'll pay some fines, do some community service, and be on probation for a year, then the charge will be dropped with no conviction on your record. The best part of having no conviction is that you won't be disqualified from applying to renew your FAFSA financial aid application for next year, if you are currently receiving Federal financial aid. And you won't have to explain your criminal record to future employers. Do not take legal advice on criminal defense from police. They have a professional reason for wanting you to give up your seller. It is almost never the best choice to cooperate with police, and never the right choice to do so without legal counsel. So yes, you should get a lawyer. Your initial consultation will be free or low-cost, in which they will examine the charges and your criminal record and explain the likely possible outcomes, and what they can do on your behalf. will do, i was just scared, still pretty young. Get a lawyer and stop talking with the police. 