 Hello, I am going to keep this short and simple and leave out in between details. I don't need anyone's ethical opinion on the matter - just the legality, as I will admit this may be more simple than I am thinking. My roommate paid for my portion of the rent that was a couple days from being the deadline before eviction. I did have it under control and was going to take care of it that day. However, before I could get to it, he went and paid it in full without me knowing until just as I was about to do it. It was about $550. I'll leave out details, but a significant rift in our relationship has occurred since. What would theoretically happen if I decide to simply not pay him back? Anything? Needed an answer and I got one. All that matters. Thank you. To be honest, if your lease doesn’t state which individual(s) are responsible for a specified amount then you are technically fine. Example: Tenant A owes “dollar amount” and tenant B owes “dollar amount” Technically may not be how a judge sees the situation though. If your roommate can show history of you paying “x” amount of money, they will be able to provide substantial evidence there was a verbal agreement between you and other tenants. There’s a 50/50 chance the judge will see it either way depending on who present their side better. Small claims court might not be worth it for your roommate, as it may cost more than what is owed.. but if you lose in court you may also accumulate those fees. Honestly, just pay him back. Document that you paid him. Do not do cash. Try to reconcile your friendship. Do what is right.  Doesn't matter. Pay your friend before you get sued and further destroy the friendship. You are in the wrong legally and morally.  That doesn't matter at all.  I should add that it is expected that the tenets of the apartment we are in are expected to be able to pay rent as a whole. We don't have designated amounts to pay for each of us on it. We all split up the total rent, and one of us pays more than the other.  Yes, you owe them for the rent they paid on your behalf. If you had it under control, why didn't you just give it to him then? He could sue you and he would win.  Your roommate was afraid of being evicted so they paid the rent. You aren’t the only one who would have been harmed. You have an agreement to pay your share of the rent. You are obligated to reimburse your friend. It also is the morally right thing to do, but that is beside the point.  Nope.