 After filing for divorce my ex husband started being very hateful toward me (as I expected). What I didn't expect was for him to start calling me a whore and accusing me of prostituting, and prostituting in front of our daughter. I have saved all these text messages and have the dates on record as well as me asking him to stop harassing me because he was angry. After the divorce was done and papers signed, he began throwing temper tantrums about how his life is unfair and I got everything in the divorce, and has been nonstop threatening legal action against me for the house and threatening to take my daughter away from me since. It is important to state here that he did not get a lawyer for the divorce proceedings even though he had every opportunity and didn't bother to fully read the divorce agreement and signed it about five minutes before going into court. He will also say things like I don't care about my daughter and that I should just give her to him since I am just "going to walk out on her anyway". More recently he said I have no choice in where she goes to school because I "stole his house" and I refuse to pay back a down payment that was a gift that both my family, his family, and myself put in for the house. He had no job or income at the time and did not in any way contribute to the purchasing of the house. He is trying to put her through a private school that he has no intentions of paying for and letting his mother foot the bill every year. The price is upwards of $6000 a year. I am afraid to say anything to him when he tries to talk to me, I feel like I can't even hardly say hello to my daughter because I don't know what he's putting in to her head at his home (he lives with his parents), and has accused me of hitting her. I do not know what to do. He legitimately believes that he has no fault in our failed marriage and that I owe him recompense. We are both at fault and both of us have admitted that and stated it to one another. I am afraid he will somehow find a way to take my daughter from me and his mother is willing to foot the bill for any kind of attorney or lawsuit he feels like pushing. I also don't believe she knows the extent of what he says to me. Do I have any grounds to file harassment against him or at least something to make him leave me alone? I am going to go after primary custody of my child soon. I am in Kansas. I'm not required to speak with him at all. And there are times when we won't talk except to coordinate the exchange of our daughter. Then there are times where he will go off about suing me for the house (the divorce agreement that we both signed does not have a provision for me to refi the house or to sell the house and he signed a quit claim) and how I'm ruining his life. This is going to sound dumb- if I don't have proof of something he said, it is not relevant correct?  You are not required to communicate with him at all unless it concerns the child. You can just refuse to engage if he tries to discuss anything else. You can refuse to talk on the phone (assuming your order doesnt require you to call him) to him and request all communication be through text or email so you can save copies of what he says. You can bring someone with you when you exchange the child. If he continues to follow you, call incessantly, threaten you with harm, etc, that is when you're looking more at a restraining order or similar. His horrible statements about and to you are very relevant for custody issues. Keep close records of everything. 