 I am renting a room for college in Prince George’s county Maryland. It is a college area so landlords around here are lacking any kind of ethics. Due to some unforeseen circumstances, i decided i should settle on renting this room in the basement and assumed the landlord would answer my request of putting a door in. The rental agency saw this situation as pretty absurd because they had no idea my room was lacking a door and were understanding if i didn’t want to sign the lease. Being short on time, i told the landlord i would pay for a door and was in a bind, so i paid 5 months rent and secured the place. I know that was a dumb decision, but i’m new at this thing and don’t have much guidance at this point in life. Also, i assumes the landlord would grant my door request; however, he said it would cause too much “disturbance” to install a door and left it at that. I was told he understands the law that Maryland defines a bedroom as being an enclosed private space (paraphrasing). Any help would be greatly appreciated, I put five months rent down because they required me to show i made 20k a year. So to forego this, i paid a big amount. Also, the lease ends in August and i can’t stay over the summer due to my lack of a job in the area and money reasons. Is there any chance that this lease would be deemed invalid since the very room they are renting to me is not even a “room” and instead would be classified as an open space or living room. In addition, the rental agency has been a nightmare to deal with. I still have not received my keys because they are inside of the house and i can not retrieve them if none of the other tenants are inside. I have paid this months rent and haven’t taken a step in the place since I saw it last month. Their solution is for me to call the tenants and schedule a time to let me inside the house. I believe that is ridiculous and I want to be done with this lease. Thanks again, sorry for the rambling.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.