 So I was at Walmart tonight buying some alcohol to make mixers and the guy at the checkout carded me then bagged the bottles and handed me the bag. I walked out of the store and drove home. I didn't realize until just now that I never paid. No I'm not just forgeting what happened, I checked my credit card statement and I definitely never paid. I'm unsure whether I should do the right thing and go back and offer to pay for it, or would this just be admitting to Walmart employees I shoplifted? If I just pretend it never happened, what are the odds they come after me? Definitely doesn't help it was alcohol and that I don't have a receipt to take back with me. If I were you I would gather all the info you can from this post then delete it. I have stated this before and will again. When i worked at wal mart they charged an old lady who went out to get her checkbook from her car because she took a product with her out to the car and came right back in. Do not try to return the product do not try to do the right thing. Wal Mart is extremely litigious. If you feel bad about it donate the amount of money you would have paid to a charity.  No. This is bad legal advice. Store owners have had people arrested for shoplifting for doing exactly this. Don't go back with merchandise that you took from a store without paying. If you ABSOLUTELY feel compelled to "make it right" then you should contact an attorney to represent you for the return transaction. Normally I would say go ahead and go back to the store and explain what happened, however with alcohol involved it becomes a bit difficult for everyone involved. The best answer I can give you is to call up the store and ask to speak with either the store manager or Co-manager if possible. If absolutely needed to you can ask to speak to a normal assistant manager, but make sure they will be still there when you go back. Explain what happened and offer to come back to pay for it, when you get to the store ask for the person you talk to on the phone so they can personally give the clear to any CSMs or just a normal cashier. Do know however that you doing this, while having no negative consequences to you, the cashier that messed up will likely be either written up or termed on the spot if they have strict management there.  Some stores are shitty in that if a customer comes back to own up for not paying for something they’ll press charges. This is a long shot but do you have a lawyer friend who would be willing to pro bono reach out and let them know “a client” wants to do the right thing with the agreement that this will not be regarded as shoplifting? On the other hand, the cashier obviously had a brain fart and it’s possible he doesn’t even realize what happened. So it’s also possible that the store won’t even know stock is missing until inventory is counted. I’m not condoning stealing but staying quiet about it might be better in terms of not causing any trouble for you. If you do hear from them, though, do nothing until you lawyer up. At that point the cost of legal representation is a better deal than going without.  No. Bad advice. Removed.  I work at a grocery store. If this happened at my store I’d apologize, thank you so much for coming back to pay, and ring you up. If it wasn’t alcohol I’d maybe give you some thing for your troubles. And nothing against alcohol, just some people look bad at us doing anything with it. As for the cashier, their drawer will be short and they’ll be held accountable for that. With it being Walmart, it could go bad, and this is just going by other stories I’ve read about how they handle customers.  We do get people asking for advice here about how to deal with a charge for theft because they went back to pay for an item that they accidentally stole. It might not lead to anything, but there's a non-zero chance that the store will call the police about this, and OP needs to know the proper way to handle this.  "carded" as in I gave him my driver's license, not credit card. OP didn't say he gave him his card. Just that he was given the bag and then he walked out. I understand, but look at it practically. If anyone is at fault it's the cashier. OP had no intent to steal and was basically given the items. I guess someone could come after him for possession of stolen property, but that's going to be very hard to prove with generic items. While you're technically right, I don't think OP has anything to worry about. This is very bad legal advice. The right thing is to get an attorney to deal with this. I hope you realize the statute of limitations for theft is longer than a few minutes. OP is hardly out of the woods on this one. If you go back, you'll very likely be charged with theft. You should get a criminal defense lawyer ASAP to help you sort this out. They should be able to help arrange for payment or return of merchandise. I wouldn't consume anything at this time. Don't go back to that store until you have this sorted out. Don't speak to the police. If police call you, do not call them back. If they show up at your door, you're under no obligation to speak to them. If you do say anything to them, the ONLY thing you should say is, "I am not answering any questions without an attorney." Police can and will lie to you to try to get you to talk about this. Don't do it. You should fear talking to the police more than you fear getting arrested. If you get arrested, continue to say "I am not asnwering any questions without an attorney." You're under no obligation to allow police in your home without a warrant. Don't let them in your home. Simply don't allow them in (verbally only, of course). Do not allow them to search you or your car "I do not consent to searches."  Yes live the rest of your life knowing you did the right thing by one of the most evil corporations in America. Good job slav- I mean moral human being. Forget about it. They have cameras and will see that you gave him your card and he bagged it up. If anything the cashier will get in trouble not you  This is gut check time. Do you have integrity as a human being or are you just another common thief? Go back to the store and ask to speak with a manager. Explain the situation to the manager and let the manager decide if you need to be arrested or just pay restitution. Live the rest of your life knowing you did the right thing. I'd keep it and move on with my life. You got lucky man, now move on.