 Bit of a TIFU to say the least. Live and learn. Posting for my buddy, he doesn't have Reddit. tl;dr at bottom For r/legaladvice purposes, I am a California resident attending college in Nevada. I am 17 years old (minor) if this plays a part in anything. (All of this takes place in Nevada on college campus) Disclaimer: I am not in any form of loan business, I am just an ordinary freshman college kid, living my ordinary college life. To start this story, one of my friends comes along, saying he knows a guy (who we will refer to as Brad), and prompts my group of friends with, "hey, who wants to make a hundred dollars?" Being the broke college student that I am, I jump in excitement at this opportunity, thinking I can make a quick buck. Essentially, this whole shindig with Brad goes as follows: I give him money in cash (since he only has credit cards that he can't withdraw from) and he returns the money, plus "interest," (aka profit) through PayPal. Red flag #1. I meet Brad, 26 year old biker dude claiming to be a student at my college. Seems like a sketchy character, but $100 is really clouding my judgment. So I do the exchange, giving up my precious $200, hoping he follows through and returns the promised $300. To my surprise, this first transaction went exactly as planned and I got my $100. The next day, I get a text from Brad asking to repeat the ordeal from yesterday, this time for $150 profit on my end. We end up meeting later this day, however he says his PayPal is not working, the customer support office hours are closed, and he really needs the cash NOW. Red flag #2. $150?! Heck yeah. I give him the cash he wants. To my increasing surprise, he follows through a few days later. At this point, my trust with him is rock solid. I'm making profit from doing nothing at all. Seems too good to be true, right? Right. Red flag #3. 10+ transactions follow, as I give him more and more money, while the delay between his returns of investment is ever increasing. Eventually, I have a net loss of $180, with Brad's promise of $1,500 coming "tomorrow." Red flags #4-15. I text him asking for updates on when the big return payment is arriving, and he painfully creates excuse after excuse for why he cannot give me the money. Unexpected doctor's visit, computer malfunction repair cost, etc. All of the red flags. He stops responding to my texts and I quickly find out he has blocked me. I think nothing of it, I made a mistake and lost $180. Big whoop. HOWEVER, a week later I get an email from PayPal saying that one of my recent transactions is being contested, as Brad is trying to charge-back a $320 payment he had previously paid me. Thanks to PayPal and Brad's credit card company, he succeeds in this charge-back and gets my darned money, creating a negative balance in my PayPal account. I think this is fine, thinking that a negative balance will not matter, as I thought PayPal would not do anything about it. To my dismay, roughly one month later, I receive a letter from a debt collector requesting the $320 that I "owe" to PayPal. To prevent anything shitty happening to my life, I realize this is a forced deadline and pay the $320 to my PayPal balance. At this point, I am now at a net loss of $500. Once again, I'm already a broke college student, and textbook fees are due right around the corner. I seriously cannot afford to lose this money. What can I do about this situation? Does me being 17 affect anything? Feel free to ask for more information if necessary, I tried to put everything I can think of into this post. tl;dr Invited into a "give cash, receive PayPal with interest profit" transaction, sketchy guy scammed me and stole $500. What do I do? Thanks  It might not have been a ponzi scheme to you, but it definitely was to Brad. In order for it work, he'd have been hustling more and more people, that is why it took longer and longer between payments. You should definitely let the police know. Thank you so much! I will definitely file a report with campus police, I wouldn’t want anyone else to fall victim to Brad’s schemes. I have friends that can help me out with the few books I need, so I probably won’t need a library loan but I will keep that in mind just in case. Thanks again File a police report with your local PD. If you go to UNR or, College of Southern Nevada, or UNLV, file with campus PD so they can get the word out if you were approached on campus about this scam. See if you can get your textbooks through your campus library's interlibrary loan. If you are in Southern Nevada, reach out to the [Legal Aid Center of Southern Nevada]() for help in what what legal protections and remedies you might have as a minor. Fair enough about not a legitimate ponzi scheme but it was set up similarly... High returns on investments multiple times then nothing... But regardless, I'm sorry you got scammed. Not that you really need to hear it, but if it sounds too good to be true it probably is. Best of luck  Thank you for your suggestions. Sadly, I already tried fighting with PayPal about the charge-back (Before paying the $320), however they told me that everything had to go through Brad's credit card company and they approved his charge-back. Also, I'm not sure if I can go as far as saying this is a ponzi scheme, since it wasn't really an official "business" that I had with Brad. It was more of a casual money transaction to "help him out," which obviously came back to bite me. Sounds like a classic ponzi scheme. NAL, but I would contact one if I were you. Just tell them what happened and see if pursuing this is worth it. Could be you lost your money though. Idk if you can still try to contest PayPal since you paid them, but you might look into that too. You might also contact the police since ponzi schemes are illegal, although this sounds rather small scale. But he might try to scam others. So they will prolly be interested to hear about it