 I've been renting a studio for 7 months now on a month-to-month lease. It is attached to the landlord's house and also happens to have the electrical panel within it. I reside in Florida. During these past 3 months, I have dealt with having to hear their kids constantly screaming, intermittently, for hours on end. Every. Single. Day. Not only that, but throughout the landlord has entered the studio numerous without proper notice. (She has only given a few minutes' notice every time.) At one point, when I wasn't there, her husband had even entered without giving any notice or receiving any consent, and left the door unlocked. He confirmed this by letting me know that he accidentally left it unlocked...Being as foolish as I was, I let it slide for the time being. Earlier this month, while I was studying, I decided enough was enough. I texted her, politely asking if she could quiet her kids down as I had been hearing them every day. Nothing changed. I texted her 1.5 hours later, to remind her that he kids were still being loud. They finally quieted down. Keep in mind it was 9:45pm by the time they stopped screaming. Lo and behold, the very next day they started screaming again. I asked her if she was available to talk in person, and I confronted her on the issue. Again, politely asking if she could quiet them down. She had told me that the kids are still on break and that she was only willing to quiet the kids down whenever I let her know that I'm studying. Thing is, I shouldn't have to hear them at all..regardless of what I'm doing and whether or not they're on break. Yet again, I decided to give it a pass until school started for them..hoping that the screaming would then subside. It didn't. Three painful days later, school had started for their kids and yet, when they came back from school they immediately started screaming at the top of their lungs. This went on for 6 hours (from 3pm-9pm) I then texted the landlord saying, "The screaming has got to stop." and "They've been doing it since 3pm and they're still doing it now." (9:19pm) At this time, the husband immediately came over and started knocking on my door. In a fit of anger he stated that if I don't like it, I have to move. I challenged him by mentioning the times that they entered the studio without notice/consent and saying that I'm willing to escalate the case. He then laughed and said that I don't have evidence of them doing so and said that he has plenty of money to get a lawyer, and that I don't. He then left and muttered an obscenity, calling me a mother\\\\\\. Shortly afterwards, his wife knocked on the door and pressed me to sign a "Rental Agreement Dissolution." I have no intention of staying so I figured that I may as well do so. This took place on Jan. 8th and I have until February 5th to vacate the property. I tried to be as cordial and polite with these folks as I could but they dismissed anything I had to say and I could no longer tolerate it. To end this, I have several questions: Isn't this considered retaliatory? Does this all qualify as harassment? Does needing access to the electrical panel constitute as an emergency for the landlord? (She's claimed that if one switch goes off, she won't have electricity in part of the house and that the one that went off today turned off her kitchen) From what I've read, unless there's actual damage being done, a partial outage is not an emergency. Although, I'm not entirely sure. Is it legal for me to record the screaming of their kids from my own studio to use as evidence? Lastly, is it worth pursuing legal action? Perhaps I could get a few months of rent back? If I were to pursue legal action, how do I go about it? I really need advice regarding this situation. Thank you!  Thank you for your advice sir. When looking for a new place, go during the day and at night on a weekend... Advice from someone who has lived in 5 rentals before finally buying a house. If you have someone living above you, expect very annoying noise, any sub from a home theater will be LOUD to you, even if it's not noticeable to hour upstairs neighbor. Also them just walking if the floors are wood or tile will sound like thumping to you below. Carpet is better but not 100%. So try to get a top floor apartment or your quiet time will be heavily dependant on your upstairs neighbor.  There are repercussions. Their paying tenant is leaving.  So interfering with quiet enjoyment, violating privacy by entering the tenant's space without consent/notice and harassing a tenant can go without repercussions for a landlord? Sure, in many cases you can sue for an injunction, or a court order forcing them to make repairs or something of that nature, or you can sue to recover any damages you've suffered as a result of their negligence or whatever else. In your case, you have no damages to sue for. I don't want to bother, but can you explain? If I were to simply look up if I could sue a landlord for violating a lease, dozens of reputable sources claim that I'd be able to do so. Research better. You have nothing to sue for.  I've done a bit of research and sources like this say that I'd be able to sue my landlord in small claims court even after moving out.. Yes, first time on my own. No, it's just that you don't have any damages from them doing the things they did. You were also month to month and could have left wayyyy sooner than you are. Now that THEY have initiated the dissolution process, you definitely can't sue them for money you aren't out for months you did choose to stay there.   No. If a landlord violates the terms of the lease, your recourse is to terminate the lease and move. You're already moving. No, you cannot sue them for violation of the lease. Your solution, which you are taking advantage of, is to move out. That is what happens when a lease gets violated by the landlord. In this case you could have chosen to move a while back since your lease is month to month.  Just move out and move on. Is this your first time on your own? Legitimate question, not trying to be an ahole. If you are renting or even in some cases buying you need to expect noise. You have no legal recourse here. So, does signing the Rental Lease Dissolution render legal action useless? Genuinely curious. Surely you cannot.  I can't believe someone would move into an attached studio and assume they would never hear the kids literally a wall away. As far as them entering without notice, you could probably break your lease then and there. But now you've signed and agreement saying you'll be out on the 7th so it doesn't matter and that's the new date. You won't be getting any months of rent back. Move out and break ties.  I don't intend on staying here anyway. Surely I can still sue them for violation of the lease? You really have nothing to pursue here. You've agreed to move out. 