 I was headed home after some drinks with my brother and a friend. There was some banter with brother, we were being loud. My friend kicked a rubber traffic cone which i promptly picked up. We were then approached by the security of a hotel that we were walking by. There was a verbal altercation although i’m not sure how it started. Next thing i know is that im being forcibly grabbed and pulled onto the hotel property. I’m confused as to what is happening but i see there is a pile of people so i go to try and pull people apart, thinking it must be a misunderstanding. I'm not a fighter, I didn't swing, I did shove several people who were trying to pin me down. One of the guards started grabbing me again and ended up ripping my jacket off of me. I dont know why but i run and i fall off of a ledge that I didn’t see into an enclosed area. so i attempt to jump the fence which cuts my leg. As I am hobbling down the street I get attacked by the security guards (two of them I think) again in the middle of the street as they try to pin me down, pushing my face into the ground, and handcuff me. They take my phone out of my pocket which bothers me and they push down on me to stop me from reacting. I don’t remember anything else until the police take the handcuffs off of me and ask if i’d like to go to the hospital or home. In a great deal of shock, i call an uber and go home. My brother takes me to the emergency room. Broken ankle, fractured jaw in multiple locations most likely (i need more xrays) which needs to be surgically repaired, lacerations all over my body pretty much. I have my security guard card and I know that a security guards main role is to observe and report- avoid confrontation unless absolutely necessary, and if physical forced is needed then they need to notify the police and make a report. I was not jailed or handcuffed by the police and they helped me get an uber- i wasn't charged with anything not that I can even think of what I would be charged with. I did not swing at the security, I only tried to remediate the situation. I feel as though excessive unnecessary force was used. Is there anything I can do? I was told that if I wanted to file a report then I have to talk to a detective in the morning as there is most likely already a report that was filed- though I was not given an incident card. tldr; security guards messed me up in the middle of a street and I don't know what do.  I’m going there tomorrow. Thank you.   - though I was not given an incident card. Judging by the way you feel the fight was unnecessary and the force used was excessive, you should be visiting with the police detectives. I certainly would considering your injuries. If the security didn't have justification for their actions it would be a felony assault. 