 Not so much legal advice directly, but more of a legal query, so apologies if this isn’t the right place for this thread: I couldn’t find a more suitable sub I assumed that the US constitution applied to every person in the US, in the same way that for example the UK’s Human Rights Act (which admittedly isn’t directly comparable), but reading a thread elsewhere on Reddit regarding a ruling on biometric data (eg for phone unlocking) being protected under the 5th amendment, I was surprised to find that may not apply to non-US citizens at the border Which got me thinking, how much of the US Constitution applies to non-citizens? And does any of that vary based on whether the visitor is at the border? I didn't say otherwise. I said it's different, because it is. Especially if you are not a US citizen.  The constitution definitely applies at the border. It may be interpreted differently (for example, the standard for what is an unreasonable search at the border is different from other places) but the constitution is still applicable.  Unless it specifically says citizens, it applies to everyone. It also applies at the border. That makes sense, thanks - I’ve not studied the constitution closely (US law only tends to apply to me a week or two at a time, so it’s not top priority), but I’ll take another look with that caveat in mind If you read through the Constitution it's pretty specific about what applies to "citizens" and what applies to "persons". The terms are not used interchangeably.  -US citizens at the border It does (or would, if the ruling stands). The difference is that customs doesn't have to let non-citizens enter the US, while they do have to (eventually) let US citizens enter. But there is no law that say the non-citizen has to cooperate. Refusal isn't a crime. The border is different because you are not legally in the US until you have cleared the border. Once inside the US, non-citizens have, with certain exceptions like voting, the same rights. Noncitizens are afforded the same rights under the constitution while on US land