 Hi, so walked into mattressfirm, picked a mattress I liked, and proceeded to sign up for a year long finance plan to pay for it. The total price is $1433. The mattressfirm employee proceeded to sign me up for the progressive payment plan, and she asked me if she could “sign the agreement” for me. I told her “if everything looks right” that she can sign it. She signed it, and I just got a copy of the agreement. Now Progressive seems to have screwed up calculations, because the agreement says that I’d be “renting” the mattress, and then owning it after a year of payments, but here’s the sketchy part: They’re charging me $100 EVERY TWO WEEKS for a year, on tol of the initial payment I just paid of $64. Now that would equate to almost 2x the original price of the mattress, which seems outright wrong. (I chose to finance the mattress, not treat it like a car lease and then end up paying double the original price) Am I misunderstanding this agreement? Or did Progressive truly screw up? I double checked with the mattressfirm employee who assured me that I wasn’t “renting” the mattress, and that any disputes on the agreement should be addressed to Progressive directly. Here’s an excerpt from the actual agreement that might shed more light on the situation (Which I never signed myself): “2.Payments: As set forth in the Disclosure Table, you must pay us $59.00 (the “Initial Payment”), plus tax of $5.02, totaling $64.02 upon signing this Lease plus additional payments (“Recurring Payments”) if you choose to continue this Lease. The Recurring Payments will commence on the first day you are scheduled to receive pay or benefits that is at least ten days after the date the Property is delivered to you, will be in the amount of $100.00, plus tax of $8.50, totaling $108.50, and are due every two weeks thereafter while this Lease remains in force. The final Recurring Payment will be in the amount of $99.98 , plus applicable tax of $8.50, totaling $108.48. Recurring Payments are made in arrears. The payment amounts may change if the rate of tax changes after the date of this Lease. 3. Cash Price: The Cash Price of the Property, which is the amount we would charge for a cash sale of the Property, is $1,329.49.” How should I go about handling this matter? tl;dr Progressive screwed up financing my mattress and is charging me double the original price over the course of the year, I never signed the agreement, mattressfirm signed it for me, how do I resolve? Yes, call ask to pay the cash price up front and ask for a receipt.  Your friend is almost certainly not getting less than 2% interest rates on unsecured lines of credit or credit cards.  I guess my friend’s rich parents got his credit high enough since he was young so he qualifies for these things.  .5-2% plans the default cuz what dumbass would sign up and then stick to such absurd contracts of 100% over 1 year? Wait, what? Why would you assume that? Have you never signed up for a credit card in your life? It takes years of good financial planning and credit management to qualify for super low rates. Even then, you're not going to get 1.5-2% unless it's some preliminary short term rate.  You don’t think you’ll be making much more in 10 years to the point where that money won’t mean shit, rather a good investment on the better sleep you got? I should’ve read the thing then. I assumed companies would make such plans the default cuz what dumbass would sign up and then stick to such absurd contracts? They’d be bombarded with calls of people wanting to cancel/buy it off right away, which is what I’m going to do. If you can get a rate of 1.5-2%, maybe.  The average mattress only lasts about 10 years. Personally, I’m not willing to spend $400 a year on a $4000 mattress that I’m going to have to replace in a decade.  Oof, now that you said it was a queen size mattress only makes me feel worse for you. Unfortunately, brick mortar mattress stores are notorious for questionable marketing, high pressure sales tactics, finance agreements with incredibly high interest rates/prices and poor return policies. It’s incredibly difficult to gauge a mattress based on a simple 15 minute in-store trial. So, you want to ensure that you are purchasing a product from a store with a money back guarantee, extended warranty and a hassle free return policy. Not to mention, there are always better deals out there. With that being said, I wish you the best of luck and an even better nights sleep. So this financing to not pay inflation on things is just a figment of his retarded imagination? Ah, yep. OP financed without reading anything, trusted the employee was on his side and to guide him through the process, only to find out that this isn't how it works and that the finance rate was sky high. Expensive lesson. Maybe there's a clause in the contract about cancellation, but I wouldn't put my money on the process of being tilted in his favor. Right? 1/5 of the mattresses at the mattressfirm store were $4k+ I think OP completely misunderstood the friend. At least I hope he did. It's not uncommon for some people to promote the benefits of financing something instead of buying it outright if you can get an interest rate at or near the current rate of inflation, which makes some sense. OP's deal, however, makes no good sense at all.  I did do research, then layed on it in the store. It was their last day of “queen for twin size price, or $600 off an adjustable base”. Reading your post, I f’ed up by taking the latter deal, which made me buy abrubptly just doing the dollar math, not checking for used adjustable bases. I’ve only been financially independent for a year though, so learning.  Yes, your lease agreement, so you can sit down and read the whole thing and see what, exactly, you signed up for, which is what should have occurred before any signatures were applied to it. He didn't get rich by buying rent-to-own furniture.  To be fair, he is mildly mentally disabled. He’s only rich.  What in the ever loving hell is the "inflation" in this scenario?  $1400 is pretty expensive for a mattress. Shit, that's not even mid range, in all honesty. That's the price of a higher end set of sheets.   As a licensed health professional, believe me, I know all about the need for quality rest and sleep. All I’m saying is you could probably purchase a fantastic mattress and adjustable base for less than $1400. Did you shop around to find the best deals? Did you look at used adjustable bases with a new mattress purchase?Currently, I am sleeping on a mattress that I purchased on Amazon after a bit of research. It’s one of the best things I’ve ever purchased and didn’t cost me an arm and a leg. This is coming from someone who purchased a top of the line sleep number bed which was the most horrible decision I have ever made. I’m sleeping Tempur-pedic style on a Walmart budget.  I hope you've learned your lesson about taking financial advice from your mentally disabled friend.  Came with adjustable base, and you spend 1/3 of your life in bed, so might as well make the experience better. [removed] Why finance if you can afford to purchase it outright? You only end up spending more money in the long run which isn’t very smart. Your friend wasn’t doing you any favors. Also, $1400 is pretty expensive for a mattress. Are you going to be sleeping on angel clouds? I just didnt want to pay inflation for the $1300 (rich friend’s advice), I have more than enough to pay for it upfront. The leasing starts once the mattress is “delivered” which I opted not to get delivered until February. I could just call them to pay it off upfront right? Should I ask for anything in writing? Or is it alright to trust the people on the other end of the phone? It looks like they've put they payment rate for monthly payments on a fortnightly cycle? It seems like a mistake  My friend actually suggested it to me. He told me everyone finances these things because you don’t want to pay inflation. I have more than enough money to buy it upfront, just didn’t want to pay the inflation. But what you’re saying is Progressive DID just scam me on purpose? If so, I just have to cancel the agreement right? Your payment is the cost of the matress plus interest, because you financed it. They aren't going to let you pay it off over the course of a year at cash price, they need to make more money in this arrangement. The 64 dollar initial payment is curious, might have something to do with the date, and you not having it for the full month of January so the payment is prorated. Do you have the option of paying it off early? If you can you should, it will save you money in interest. If you want to back out, talk to them about a return. Then save up to pay in cash or find a low interest credit card, or better yet a no interest credit card. Just be sure to stick to a plan to pay it off asap, you don't want to ruin your credit.  NAL- Never, ever sign up for a “rent to own” scheme. The contracts that they use are purposefully made to confuse the consumer. If you can’t afford to buy that item out right, save up your money or look elsewhere for another mattress. This is generally how financing works. When you stretch payments over that long a time period, you end up paying much more than the sticker price factoring in the interest rate, among other things. Was the document signed without you reading it first? Signing it means, "I agree to everything in this contract." I'm not sure you telling her to go ahead and sign for you is going to affect the contract.