 I have an online business where I am paid as a ghostwriter for musicians. I write for them remotely (anything from cover letters to artist bios found in program notes) and they pay me through Venmo or PayPal. I am paid by musicians around the world for this service, but mostly US. I just started the business recently but it's done quite well. I am thinking about creating an LLC. I am considering moving with my longtime Canadian girlfriend (who recently had to move back to CA because her visa expired) to pursue the business full time starting in around July, which gives me about 6 months lead time. Wondering what the visa and tax implications would be of a move like this: What visa would I need to apply for? How would taxes work? Anything else I need to know? Thank you and I apologize if this is in the wrong subreddit. Oops, sorry about that! Under Canadian immigration law, self-employment earnings are considered "work" (which requires a work permit) if the activity is "in direct competition with the activities of Canadian citizens or permanent residents in the Canadian labour market." If the bulk of your clients are in the United States, there's a decent change immigration authorities wouldn't consider it to be work such that you could still do it while in Canada on a visitor visa. This isn't really super cut and dried, though. If there are Canadians doing the same work for the US market, you could well require a work permit. If you plan is to live with your girlfriend long-term and you've cohabited together for twelve months, your best bet might be to apply for permanent residence in Canada under a spousal sponsorship. Right now there's a pilot that allows people who apply for spousal sponsorship while inside Canada to get a work permit while their application is being processed. The pilot ends at the end of January, but they may extend it or make it permanent. On the tax implications, tax residency is governed by different laws than immigration restrictions on work. Even if what you're doing isn't "work" for immigration laws, if you're basically moving to Canada (selling or home or terminating your lease in America and full-on moving) then you would be a tax resident of Canada. Even if you maintain US ties, you're deemed a resident if you spent at least 183 days in any calendar year in Canada. There is relief under the Canada-US tax treaty such that you would only be a resident of one of the two countries, but its application is quite fact-specific. If you're a tax resident of Canada, then you will need to report and pay income taxes on all your global personal income. Because you're a US citizen, you will also need to report and pay taxes on all your global income to the IRS, though you would get credit for your Canadian taxes paid (which would likely be higher than the US taxes, so you wouldn't have to pay anything to the IRS). Things become more complicated if you incorporate depending on where you incorporate (Canada or the US) and how you draw money out of the corporation. If it's a Canadian corporation, then it's likely to be a tax resident of Canada and even if you're not a Canadian resident for tax purposes, any dividends would come from a Canadian source. On the other hand, if it's a US corporation, then if it pays you a salary then you'd be working in Canada for a wage so you would need a work permit. If you're taking out dividends, then the corporation would have to pay withholding taxes to the IRS (I believe at 15%), plus the Canadian tax rates on the income. I think on these situations to minimize tax, a Canadian resident would generally incorporate a Canadian holding company to hold the US corporation, but a lot is going to depend on your tax residency. I probably wouldn't do any incorporation until you figure out your status and residency more long term. Certainly if you want to incorporate while potentially living in another country, you should consult with tax and immigration lawyers (probably tax lawyers in both countries). DM requests and direct referrals are against sub rules  I can get you the contact info of a good tax lawyer based out of the US to help you get the 101 on the financial compliance aspect of “being an American living abroad”, but can’t seem to DM you? DM me. So...a good immigration lawyer should only cost you about $250/hr, I think, and would be well worth the hour or two to ask them this question. They should be able to answer this half-asleep; immigration law of this sort (planning “what can and can’t I do, on what statuses?” is usually pretty cut-and-dry and memorized by them, even if there are a bazillion subtleties you wouldn’t learn yourself fast enough with Google to get right. To find a good non-sketchy one, call a couple of universities in the area and ask their international student office who they trust and send students to with complicated questions/cases. Just FYI, I believe that in America, working remotely while in the country on a no-working-allowed visa can have its legality impacted by the degree to which the payer has any ties to America. If you try to keep that up, and if there are any contexts in which such remote foreign-payer work is legal in Canada, maybe be ready to drop another hour or two total of lawyer time dummy-checking various clients’ legality for you to serve as they come up. Oh! Okay, another $250/hour-drop, sorry ... ask the good immigration attorney right away about their favorite international tax lawyer (not sure if you want US-based, CA-based, or both) and plan NOW with them...they help people avoid pratfalls that can cost tens of thousands of dollars. (For example, teaching you about international anti-money-hiding laws that require bank balances above certain amounts abroad to be reported, with NASTY penalties for noncompliance, even out of ignorance). Try cross-posting in r/immigration, although that's largely US-specific; you might get lucky.