 This started about a month ago. I needed a new phone, and my wife and I went to a Sprint store. The salesman offered us some free peripheral equipment as an incentive to sign the contract. I was skeptical because the deal sounded too good to be true, so I asked him several times how much this would cost and how the phone would be billed. He was very clear: the extra equipment is free. Yesterday, we got a bill with approximately $550 in additional charges for the "free" equipment. My wife and I returned to the store, explained the situation, and asked for a refund. The salesman who signed her no longer worked there. The manager refused to give us a refund and claimed that neither he nor anyone else at the company had the power to give us a refund. I told him that if we couldn't resolve the issue today I would talk to an attorney, at which point he said he would no longer talk to me because I had said the word "lawyer." I'm honestly shocked. I thought once the store new about the employee's deception, they would take the equipment back. We haven't had it long and it's still in new condition. Do I have any options besides taking them to court? Alright I only came here looking for advice. They won't. You'll call them, and get a no, and be more pissed... but it's worth a shot I guess. Thanks, that's actually helpful. I'll try that. All I wanted was for the company to take responsibility for what they did. Dude, we're all telling you that you don't have a case here. It sounds like you want to sue them. Then file the lawsuit. It will cost you nearly the same amount as in question in the case and you'll very likely lose. No, your testimony does not mean what you say is fact and is not taken as so by the court. If the company you're dealing with is a large company, call their customer service line, tell them you're planning to file a lawsuit and you'd like to speak with their legal department. Maybe you'd be lucky enough that they would pay you, "go away" money, which would likely be your $550 and that's it. I didn't sign the contract. My wife did. Can I prove the deception by testifying? You don't have any evidence that he lied to you to get you to sign the contract. Even if he did lie to you, you should've read the contract before signing it anyway. You cannot prove anything fraudulent happened here. No, they're not allowed to lie to get you to sign a contract but you did not even read the contract before signing it. Just take this as a $550 lesson. Just to be clear, does that mean the company bears to liability for entering into the agreement under fraudulent circumstances? They're simply allowed to lie to get me to sign a contract? Everything u/swalsh411 said is correct. Just to add on, it is policy at most retail businesses that as soon as you threaten to sue, the employees can no longer help you and you have to leave. It's all going to depend on what your wife signed. I didn't agree to it though. I agreed to receive items as a free promotion, and then I was billed for them. I'm willing to testify to prove it if necessary. It's a fraudulent business practice. Isn't there a law that regulates that? How do you intend to prove it? You are probably both still responsible for the debt. I should clarify: I didn't actually sign the agreement. My wife did. Since the agreement was based on fraud, can it be nullified? That's unfortunate for you. Apparently it's in the contract my wife and I signed. It was an electronic document and I didn't see the whole thing. I don't usually read terms of service agreements so I didn't think anything of it. I checked the prices with the salesman at the register. Everything looked fine until we got the bill. Check your paperwork carefully. Did you agree to pay for these items?