 I have been working as a sales contractor (Sydney, Australia) for a few weeks. Two weeks ago, I sold $1600 in retail in a week and my payment is 20% commission of my total sales. I got paid $320 on payday. However, on one of the days there was a little competition where someone who sold over $500 in the day would receive an extra $100 on top of their pay. I was one of those who reached $500 so there is a missing $100. There are also incentives for reaching over $1500 where I receive a $100 bonus so theres the rest. $10 is gone to merchant fees. That week, I had forgotten to submit an invoice declaring my incentives and earnings - however it was because I was new to this job and didn't know much about submitting invoices and all that. I spoke with my managing director and told him I didn't submit an invoice and I asked 'so is my $200 gone?' and he said yes. Now, is this legal? Is my entitled $190 just gone in thin air because he made a mistake in processing? Not many others in the office submit their invoices but still receive correct payment. Later that day, I went into the office and submitted an invoice for the $190 however, he told me that I would only receive $100 for the competition. Apparently I wasn't eligible for the incentive because the target was suddenly $1750 in sales. There is a booklet stating that the bonus starts at $1500. I didn't say anything further in case he suddenly refused to give me my initial $100. Its been a week and he said he would try to 'do what he can' to give me my $100. Payday was Thursday, I didn't receive anything. I waited a day to give him benefit of doubt... Saturday, nothing. Is this legal? Is my $190 really 'gone' just because I didn't submit an invoice? This is particularly important because I quit that job because I estimated my earnings for the week ($510). I am quite furious as because I am only 18, I feel that I have been taken advantage of. I didn't pull out the booklet to point to $1500, I didn't question again because I don't want to accuse anyone of wrongdoing. TLDR: Apparently my $190 is gone because I didn't file an invoice. Managing director refused to pay me $190, and instead, $100. I was fully legible for the extra $90 but he persuaded me otherwise. I checked my bank account on payday the week after and I didn't receive anything.  Yup, I'm an independent contractor and have my own ABN. I took a picture of the invoice I gave my managing director last week and I assumed he submitted it but he said something about how it was our clients that pay us, not this company itself. Should I contact the ACCC on Monday for more information about debt collectors? I also don't have a copy of the contract of the booklet because I angrily threw them out. Apparently the managing director can also decide on the incentive levels, but I'm sure they can't just change it after I reached it? I feel that the $190 is so petty but I know I am entitled to it because I didn't work long and demanding hours to earn $320 that week.  NAL. Are you a contractor? As in you are working for your self and have an ABN, not a salary or wage employee? Submit your invoice with the correct dates and proof of your entitlements (copy of the sales and the contract showing your incentives start at $1500). If your employer refuses to pay, you can send him a seven day demand letter, then lodge it with a debt collector if you want, but they’ll take a cut of anything you get back, Very scummy too   I'd try in /r/AusLegal  It's probably legal. Not very nice though