 I'll start by saying my goal of this post is to see what my options are about a lease for a new Woman's Oxford House based in the state of Pennsylvania, signed by a very new, young, and inexperienced president of the Butler Oxford Chapter, who then left the chapter. I'm wondering if the lease has an actual foot to stand on, I don't know what personal rights renters have in Pennsylvania, and if those rights can be overridden by signing a lease. A little background is necessary to understand this situation. I live in an Oxford house, which is a recovery house with fellow addicts and alcoholics. We are self sustaining, and one of our goals is to continue growing, opening more houses and providing more addicts and alcoholics a safe place to live until they can reenter society. The only three actual rules to be part of the chapter are that each house be self-run on a democratic basis, each house pays their rent and bills on time, and each house removes any member who relapses immediately. Anything other rules are up to the house to decide. Now, here is the lease in question. I'll post specific questions below. [Imgur Link to the album (5 page lease + a compliance agreement]() [Direct Link Page 1]() [Direct Link Page 2]() [Direct Link Page 3]() [Direct Link Page 4]() [Direct Link Page 5]() [Direct Link Certificate of Compliance]() Specific Questions: 1) Section 5 (Page 2): It states "No Overnight Guests as per Butler County Oxford House rules". There are no rules stating this, and nothing my chapter in Butler especially has in writing about it. There are Oxford Housing, Inc (the international organization) guidelines on how houses should be run to succeed, but each house is self governed democratically, so the tenants of each house decide if there can be overnight guests or not. Is this enforceable by the landlord? 2) Section 8 (Page 2): Damages. Does this make the tenants liable for any type of wear and tear a house goes through that the landlord is responsible for normally? Section 10G on Page 3 seems to at least allude to the idea of him making proper repairs. 3) Section 9 (Page 2): Keep in mind this is an all woman's house with a male landlord. There has been a terrible problem with the landlord showing up whenever he wants. Some of the doors to the bedrooms don't even close without tightly locking them. It's been a major invasion of privacy with the girls at the house. While it is true the house currently needs repairs, is this legal? 4) Section 11 (Page 3): Landlord Rights. 11A: Can you waive the "Notice to Quit"? If not, does this mean he can terminate the lease at any time, evicting all the tenants at will? 11B: Even one day behind on rent means he can terminate the lease and remove the tenants? Is that legal? 5) Section 12D (Page 3): Abandonment. If I'm reading this right, he is defining abandonment as the lease ending. And above, it seems he can end the lease whenever he wants. And if he decides to end the lease, he can recoup the tenants belongings? Doesn't really sound legal. 6) Section 18 (Page 4): Agreement. A asterisks clause stuck out here saying that the lease must agree to the law or only that part is to be ignored. Can a landlord present an unlawful lease? 7) Certificate of Compliance: What even is this? Sorry for the very long post, I'm out of my depth here. I really need to find a good starting point to attack this problem. I truly appreciate any help you can give me with this. Thank you in advance. Sober houses are a messy area of law. I left PA before law school and have never entered the bar there, so I am not super up to speed on some recent decisions and changes but this is my area. Sadly, historically PA has done a pretty shitty job extending the same tenant protections to residents of sober homes as other rental housing. Unfortunately, owners also often take all sorts of steps to try to manipulate the leases and situations to best advantage themselves. I think you will find a consultation is far less money than you expect, especially if you are challenging an act by the landlord, as PA law does allow for recovery of attorney fees for most rental housing disputes.  Appreciate the response. I know it is likely I'll be needing to see an attorney, but the chapter is currently low on funds after the mishandling of money and accounting from a few of the officers (who are no longer part of the chapter, thankfully). This is definitely more than nothing though, so I really do appreciate the reply. It is at least helpful in clarifying some misconceptions I had and helps me get a better understanding of the position the girl's house is in. I used to live in butler, briefly. I still have family there. That said, we can not review your lease, but I can give you an overview on the law in Pa. : : It states "No Overnight Guests as per Butler County Oxford House rules". There are no rules stating this, and nothing my chapter in Butler especially has in writing about it. There are Oxford Housing, Inc (the international organization) guidelines on how houses should be run to succeed, but each house is self governed democratically, so the tenants of each house decide if there can be overnight guests or not. Is this enforceable by the landlord? Yes, this is enforceable. : Damages. Does this make the tenants liable for any type of wear and tear a house goes through that the landlord is responsible for normally? Section 10G on Page 3 seems to at least allude to the idea of him making proper repairs. Tenants are not liable for wear and tear unless the chaper itself is renting (as opposed to tenants renting rooms), in which case it is too complicated to say. : Keep in mind this is an all woman's house with a male landlord. There has been a terrible problem with the landlord showing up whenever he wants. Some of the doors to the bedrooms don't even close without tightly locking them. It's been a major invasion of privacy with the girls at the house. While it is true the house currently needs repairs, is this legal? Maybe. They can probably enter the home but not individual rooms without reasonable notice. : Landlord Rights. 11A: Can you waive the "Notice to Quit"? If not, does this mean he can terminate the lease at any time, evicting all the tenants at will? Yes, for relapse but not overall. 11B: Even one day behind on rent means he can terminate the lease and remove the tenants? Is that legal? Probably not. : Abandonment. If I'm reading this right, he is defining abandonment as the lease ending. And above, it seems he can end the lease whenever he wants. And if he decides to end the lease, he can recoup the tenants belongings instantly? Doesn't really sound legal. No, it doesn't mean any of those things. : Agreement. A asterisks clause stuck out here saying that the lease must agree to the law or only that part is to be ignored. Can a landlord present an unlawful lease? No, the law will always overrule a conflict between it and a lease. Some exceptions apply with regard to notice with sober living homes and relapse, and again, if a commercial lease is negotiated, all bets are off. : What even is this? It could be several different things. This really goes beyond internet help. This is something you want to consult with an attorney who practices housing in the area if you want in depth answers.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.