 Location:Tucson AZ Several of the people in my Neighborhood fire off fireworks (rockets are illegal to fire off without a pyrotechnics Licences where I live) I have lived her for 9 years and every year for the week leading up to new years and the 4th of July several of my neighbors and their kids fire off air born fireworks , every time this happens I call the Police non-emergency to report it and they never so much as send someone out to take a report. This year it has become worse and for nearly 2 weeks leading up to Christmas until new years eve they fired them off every night sometimes for hours at a time. There have been several instances of the rockets landing on other peoples houses as well as my own. I'm seriously concerned that they are going to burn down someone's house but local law enforcement refuses to do anything. On several of the calls I have made the person taking them has said they can hear the fireworks on their end of the call. Are there any option to get someone to at least come out and take a report or do I just have to wait until they actually cause a fire before law enforcement does anything? You should just stay inside and wait for it to be over. Welcome to the wild West.   I would if it weren't for the fact that they have fired them onto other peoples houses you wouldn't tell someone to mind their own business if they were firing a gun in the air and fire works are just as dangerous if not more so. So you're saying you've had 9 years to go house shopping in a different neighborhood? You could visit your local police station ahead of time, get to know a few of the officers, express your concerns, see what they suggest you do... You mention that your main concern is a house burning down - so make sure your homeowners insurance is up to date! Best wishes. Independence Day and New Years are both full of fireworks. The police and the fire department likely don’t have the staffing to respond to every fireworks call then. They’ll respond if there’s a fire or injury, but otherwise you should look into ways to mitigate the nuisance like white noise or earplugs. Calls like this don't require an official report. The police will typically come to check things out. But unless they are caught in the act, it's nearly impossible to prosecute and prevent them from doing this in the future.  MYOB. 