 My mom broke up either her boyfriend (we’ll call him Krusty) of 5 years after finally getting tired of him mistreating her and cheating on her. It was fine for a few days but my mom had a friend over one night and she saw Krusty drive by her house. A little later in the night while she was sleeping Krusty decided to put diesel in her car and her friends car. My mom found this out days later as she was trying to drive and her car stopped working. My mom got a restraining order on him after this in hopes of keeping him at bay. Then a few days later Krusty began throwing nails in her driveway and I don’t mean just a few. She found a gallon bucket worth of nails in her driveway. This continued for awhile and she all the time reported this to the police and told him who it was but they pretty much said they can’t do anything because no proof. Fast forward a few days and my mom comes home to a flooded basement where he had popped the top off of her water heater and cut all the wires in her furnace. Her credit card was also missing and it turns out that it had been used at a gas station and an ATM which the police finally told us (over a month later) had the camera off so no footage. Fast forward a bit more to New Year’s Eve and we all go out and don’t get back until late that night only to find all her windows in her house had been busted out with marbles and probably a sling shot. Krusty also damaged my boyfriends car window probably assuming it was my mom’s new boyfriends. We called the police out that night. He collected the marbles we could reach and took photos and statements. Nothing major like that has happened since then but he continues to throw down nails at least every other day. The police said they called him to see if he would come in to talk about the windows and he directly said to them “I don’t want to talk about it.” And the police told him “oh okay sorry for bothering you” I wasn’t there when the police told my mom that because I would’ve ripped him a new one for just letting it drop like that. It feels like they aren’t even trying to do anything. I feel like Krusty’s statement alone shows he had something to do with it. My mom is trying to get security up but everything we have tried so far hasn’t caught him somehow. She ordered a security system program today that she’s going to spend the next three years paying off and she is still without her own car to drive. I hate seeing her like this and really want to figure out a way to finally put a stop to this loser! TL;DR: My mom’s psycho ex has been vandalizing her house and throwing nails in the driveway for over a month and the police aren’t doing much about it. Edit: She lives in Southern Indiana I’ve not looked at it personally when they get it back from the police, but my mom says there’s usually one of her putting it up and then just one later of her taking it down. Then she said at another time it was taking pictures of the sky somehow. I didn’t set it up that time so I have no idea how it was positioned Uh. What’s on the SD card when you look at it? There’s no place to hang it up at, at the end of the driveway. We’ve tried a trail cam too and hung it up on a tree to try and get his picture driving by, but the police always take the SD card and say there’s nothing on it.  Then move the camera. Why buy a whole new system she cant afford. Have it point towards the end of the driveway so you can catch the plate. Yeah she tried one of the cameras from Amazon but it didn’t reach far enough out to the street and the quality wasn’t all that good. It only recorded when it sensed motion and we think he only drives buy and throws the nails out. Having a professional system is probably better for her because she’s technologically challenged and I live three hours away so I can’t help her much. Security cameras from Amazon are much cheaper than all the things he’s broken, and much cheaper than an expensive professionally installed system. But now that she has it, she needs to make sure it’s working, and she needs to continue to report every instance of harassment and vandalism to the police. 