 I moved into a house about seven months ago that's positioned extremely close to the highway. Both my brother and I have cars that are regularly parked there since our places of work are in opposite directions of where we live. There's little parking available around the house, one spot by the side door (the front door isn't usable), enough space off the road between the house and the highway in order to park a car, and a space on the other side of the house. The other side of the house is all weeds and building debris. (The house next to us burned down well before we moved in and was partially rebuilt, except some roofing and other debris was never removed from the property.) There's also a small piece of metal that sits up above the ground, it looks like rebar maybe, that makes this spot not a desirable place to park. My brother has the shorter car and can maneuver out of that spot more easily. Our neighbor on that side has to park her car between her house and the road, which makes backing out of this spot hard. I typically park on the side of the house, between the house and the road, as the only other available parking spot is off to the side of the house. In addition to the risks of popping a tire from parking there, that area also rests on a slant and if I do park there I have to back out partially into the road and then straighten out with little visibility. Here's the issue and my main question. In order to park when I come home, I have to turn left on a double yellow line. I usually go a little ways past the house, use my turn signal and essentially make a U turn in order to get myself positioned correctly. I tried searching on google and all I could find was that turning left on a double yellow is illegal unless there's a break in the line designated for left turns. I'm trying to figure out how to park by my house legally. I've tried pulling into the undesirable parking spot and then backing up so that I'm on the side of the road, but I drive a longer car and there's no way to do this without having a back corner of my car ending up on the road and possibly disrupting traffic. Due to the angle of the hill, I can't see traffic coming up behind me unless it's dark and I can see oncoming headlights. By the time I can see traffic, I'm already backed up into the road. The safest solution I've found is to do the U turn maneuver I described above. The reason this came up was while I was driving home today, I had someone tailgating me within one car length the entire way home from the store. I turned my left turn signal on like usual and started the turn only to have the car behind me race around me (having to drive into the opposing lane to do so) and almost hit me. I honked and completed the turn, but my brother was in the passenger seat and said the legal thing to do would have been to pull off to the right side of the road and let the tailgater pass before turning. I don't care who's wrong or who's right in that dispute. What I care about is avoiding getting into an accident or getting a ticket.  I thought the issue was doing a u-turn on a double yellow.  Even if you were turning into a driveway? Passing on a solid yellow line isn’t the same as crossing it to get onto the other side. I find it hard to imagine you’d need to find a break in the line to turn around to make a left turn to get in a driveway.  No it's not.  Skip to the end. Basic question is whether left turn across double yellow is OK in OR.  I was almost ready to try and sketch it out. It reminds me of the GRE questions, “If the Russian ballerina only eats spareribs, and the Irish trapeze artist only wears blue, where does the redditor with the longer car park?” I didn't know that was an option.  It's hard to visualize what is going on. You need to attach a Google earth street view. 