 Issue in the title.  So here’s what you have to remember when an email isn’t responded to in a timely manner; these dealerships don’t really have robust customer service departments with sound response time parameters. If you’re email didn’t get acknowledged quickly, it likely got buried in some customer service reps outlook inbox. You need to email, and email, until you receive an acknowledgment. Also keep all of your emails on the same chain to create a trail of reporting. I would say call the national office of your car manufacturer (especially if you’re in the US). Inquire about the status of your recall and if the dealership reported it as done. The NTHSB won’t care about a dealership fucking over a manufacturer, but a manufacturer will care greatly about a dealer fucking them over for recall repairs. Call your car’s national support line, and ask about recall Billings regarding your car’s VIN. Try to be casual about it. You’d be amazed how much information you can get from a business if you make your inquiry sounds casual and incredibly benign.  Hey! I recommend running your VIN through NHTSA(super easy just google them). They are the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and they are the ones who mandate that the car manufacturer must repair safety recalls for you at no cost as well as disclose what needs to be done. I’m sure they would be very interested in a manufacturer faking recall repairs or a repair being done that’s actually faulty. Source: I run VIN #’s literally everyday at my job Hey! I recommend running your VIN through NHTSA(super easy just google them). They are the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and they are the ones who mandate that the car manufacturer must repair safety recalls for you at no cost as well as disclose what needs to be done. I’m sure they would be very interested in a manufacturer faking recall repairs or a repair being done that’s actually faulty. Source: I run VIN #’s literally everyday at my job Ask the dealership to bring you to work when you drop off your car. Ask them to pick you up when you get off work and return you to the dealership.... It's the least they could do for lying to you No. Can you take a bus? Bus is cheap.  I emailed the person I had been dealing yesterday but it was after they closed and was expecting to get an email today which never came. I will call tomorrow from work but I don’t have an alternative ride to work or back to the dealership a second time to fix the thing they said they already fixed. Just pissed off honestly. No chance they would cover my transportation right?  What did they say when you asked them about this?  Email or call your auto company that made the car? This should be a followup if the dealership refuses to do the recall work. If they still refuse , take it to another branded dealership for the work; if they have you in the system as having the work done already they would probably let you know as i believe they would record the VIN of your car. How would I check to see if the auto company was billed?  Go back and get the work done. Also check and see if you can check if the auto company was billed for the work but the dealership pretended to do the work and charged them for it. Its a common scam that some dealerships try to get away with. Keep the proof that it was not done and their receipt that they lied to you in case anything happens in the meantime due to the defect, as that would be proof that they could be liable for damages resulting from them not fixing the issue. Idk. I work the next two days. Don’t have an alternative ride to work or back to the dealership a second time to fix the thing they said they already fixed. Just pissed off honestly. No chance they would cover my transportation right?  What's your question? Just take it back to the dealer to fix.