 Hi all, I am 2 months from graduating and I just got a expulsion letter from college yesterday saying I had forged medical certificates to miss classes. I am not saying they're wrong because I did do it. But there have been students since the start of this University who have been doing the same and yet have graduated. Also, there are students in my current class who have done the same and are still studying there peacefully right now. Can I legally fight the university for allowing students to get away with the same in the past and still giving them graduate degrees and just taking action literally 2months before my graduation, which is after I have paid all my fees for 4 years and 8 semesters? (Comes upto nearly 100k USD) I know I am in the wrong here as well but if this was the norm being continued in this University since the beginning and they never bothered expelling anyone else other than me and another guy. Aren't I legally fit to fight them for letting it go through all the previous years and just suddenly taking action right now and just towards two students, right after they've got all the money they could extract from us? Kindly advise if you've the expertise in this area. P.S. the university is relatively new and just began in mid 2000s Nah you’re boned, friendo. Whatever you were skipping class for, was it worth it?  What is the point of you coming and asking for help then, if your only response is "nahhh".  What better things? You're a 100k in debt with no way to repay in your lifetime.  The Uni probably has an appeals board you could plead your case to. Be penitent. Makes sense. Thanks for taking the time out replying to this thread. I was just trying to figure out if this was fair. But I guess it is and I fucked up big time lol. Now onto better things I guess. Well because you got caught and they decided to punish you. This is like asking why you got a speeding ticket when other cars were also speeding. It just doesn't matter. You made the mistake and there is now a consequence for that. This is why parents are always lecturing their kids about how they may not be able to control other people's behaviour but they can control their own.  I don't want to report other people! The case I am making is that why is it only me while others are still doing the same and have done the same in the past and they obviously knew about it but only bothered taking action against me?  I know what you mean. And you're right for sure. It's just the fact that they did the same thing but are still studying there. And also the people who have done it before were turned a blind eye upon and still given graduate degrees. So, I just want to know if I have a case against them for singling out my friend and I only. 'But everyone else is doing it' is not an effective excuse when you get caught doing it. You are responsible for your own behaviour. The fact that other kids also cheated doesn't excuse you. You can feel free to report other people but that won't help your case. 