 Will try to keep this short, but please let me know if I need more information. Have been generally following advice from other posts here for similar issues. Thank you! Background: In Pittsburgh, PA. Lease for 5 years, 1 year solo, 4 years with partner. Lease states nothing on cleaning fee or special cleaning instructions, only that tenant will "return the premises to Landlord in condition identical to which existed when Tenant took occupancy, except wear and tear." Sent certified letter to notify of intent to vacate and that we would send another letter with address to forward check. Also have pictures from move in, mostly of "trouble areas" (moldy bathroom and dirty kitchen). Attempted to schedule walk through on last day of lease, but was told that he needed to change it to the day after the night before. We could not do that as we are leaving town. Said we would stick with the last day of lease walk through, and did, took pictures and video, showing condition of place, that lights/fridge/etc worked, and comparison pictures to match the pictures taken when moved in (in particular the bathroom, which had mold when we moved in, and the fridge, which had broken bottles and spilt liquids all over). Left keys where told and took picture to prove it and sent picture via text. Then, sent certified letter providing new address and stating that we left the place cleaner than we arrived and expect full deposit back. After landlord walked through the next day, got a bunch of pictures via text at night but nothing else. Then, when certified letter was received, got upset texts back claiming that we did not leave it clean, that they went with housekeeping (there is no housekeeping) and the same pictures were resent. Then received email a few days later in all caps claiming that a professional cleaning company will be coming and that it was the neighbor who came to witness. Have not responded to any of this yet. Summary: Landlord is trying to claim $500 in cleaning fees. Has sent me multiple pictures and texts from their walk through a day after the lease ended, but no itemized bill. Some pictures do not show any damage, some pictures look different than ours on the last day, some pictures show existing damage (mold). At worst, pictures show maybe a bit of dirt So far have only responded in certified letter giving move out date, and then again giving location to mail and expected amount (full) to be returned due to condition of apartment being clean. Questions: I think I know my next steps (send another certified mail letter, disputing the claims and clearly stating my rights to itemized bill for any deductions), but I want to make sure that this is right. Additionally, do I need to respond to any of this outside of certified mail? Landlord is not friendly, thus wanting to keep this as distanced as possible, but will do whatever I need to do. And finally, is it work reaching out to the neighbor (we were on friendly terms)? Thank you.