 Here are the details: I moved into a rent controlled apartment in SF about six months ago. There was one tenant left on the original lease (valid since 2016), who moved out. Our landlord promptly raised our rent by 50% so we decided to move out. I bring this up to mention that I never paid the landlord a deposit, but I paid the person who was renting to room before me. Basically, I paid the master tenant who then refunded the previous tenant her portion (but I did this by paying the previous tenant directly). Complicated, I know. So anyway, our landlord decided to withhold approx. 1600$ of the deposit for false charges such as junk removal (we had emptied the place completely) and repainting (from my research, generally the landlord is on the hook for repainting if the lease is over a year long). We have plenty of photos and videos showing the charges are unjustified and excessive - but can I sue the landlord in small claims court or does the master tenant (who originally paid the landlord) have to? because the complication is the master tenant has moved overseas permanently. I happen to be in the same country as the master tenant at the moment, so is there some type of limited power of attorney or signed statement I can get from the master tenant to have the authority to sue the landlord in small claims myself? I want to make sure if I need some type of approval or buy-in from the master tenant I get it before I head back to San Francisco. for what it's worth, the landlord paid ME back the (1/3 of) the deposit and she coordinated me with move-out instructions, inspection, etc. Also she didn't provide any list of deductions or charges during the move out inspection so that is helpful to us as well. Let me know if you have any questions to clarify, thank you!  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.