 I’ve been on a month-to-month agreement with my landlord for almost 1 year now. I’ve paid rent on time (sometimes months in advance), maintained the house, yard, etc. And never had any problems here. Going back to my fourth month of renting, I’ve had this issue where my landlord refuses to make any repairs within 30 days. I’ve had a leaking roof (it has worsened over the past few months), a gas leak, electrical problems/hazards, a septic leak, a few windows not properly installed/coming out of the wall, to name a few. Months have passed, and I’ve found myself paying to get them fixed and still paying rent alongside that. Every month, I have requested directly for the landlord to make these repairs. Her reply has always been “I don’t have money to make the repairs” and she demands that I “pay rent early” and then she can use those funds to start fixing repairs. I’ve spent over $2,000 (over the course of my stay) hiring contractors, plumbers, and electricians to come out and make the repairs (these were damages that weren’t caused by me or anyone else living here). I’ve kept receipts and documents for each repair I’ve made and the landlord initially agreed to pro-rate my rent for those particular months (as per Louisiana’s tenant law which allows tenants to make their own repairs when the landlord doesn’t make repairs after 30 days) Today, my landlord randomly came over to examine the repairs that I paid for and look at the damages/repairs that have been needed for months. She is requesting rent from me again and refuses to have anything fixed until I do. On top of that, she threatened to call the police on me tonight and evict me (without notice) in less than 24 hours, which is a violation of the Landlord Tenant laws in Louisiana. I’ve been making plans to move in February, but I’m wondering what options I have until then.  Depending on how much crap you want to deal with, repair and deduct is an allowable remedy, along with constructive eviction, for your landlord not providing a safe and livable apartment, known as an implied warranty of habitability. A missing window or an active leak with mold damage would likely constitute failure to provide this warranty. Constructive eviction could get you out of your lease early if you've got documentation showing you provided notice to the landlord, the problem is severe, and the landlord didn't take action to cure the problem in a reasonable time (usually interpreted as 30 days for non-critical issues). Repair and deduct could save you some cash if you don't want to keep paying contractors and rent simultaneously. Either way, expect your landlord to raise hell and deal with the potential for possible litigation or difficulty finding a new apartment if she files for eviction or provides a bad reference to a future landlord. If you're leaving in February, I'd just stick it out and try to be amicable. Definitely document everything just in case, because I'd expect your landlord to try to keep your deposit when you leave to cover the "damages" to the apartment that occurred while you were living there. My bad, I copied it wrong. It's 2694 Also could you post a link to that La. Civ Code? I can’t seem to find it anywhere.  She randomly comes over (no phone calls or without any prior notice) and she has sent people over on her behalf to collect rent (people I’ve never met or don’t know enough to trust them with money). I’ve spoken with her several times about this and asked her to at least give me some kind of notice so that I can make sure I’m there. She’s completely ignored what I’ve said and taken it upon herself to come as she pleases. As far as unlivable is concerned, there is at least two things I can think of that would be deemed unlivable. The second bedroom in my house has a missing window (not window pane). The entire window has fell out of the wall. It’s old and was supposed to be replaced upon move in. So now, there’s basically a hole in the wall of that room. Also, the leaking roof has caused a bad odor in that same room, and recently a new leak has started in the main bedroom. I’m having someone come out to check for mold, because she isn’t going to have it done. I’ve reached my tolerance level at this point. I have several letters that I’ve sent out to her (also some I’ve given her directly) requesting repairs to be made within the 30-day time frame. As I stated before, there’s repairs that I’ve waited over 90 days to have fixed and she made zero effort to fix them. Now that I’ve been looking to move next month, she has become more aggressive and less responsible for the maintenance around here.  Make sure you have been completely reimbursed one way or another. You can sue in small claims for any outstanding amount. In addition, you have no obligation to pay rent early. She can't evict you, so relax. If she does call the police, have a copy of the lease on hand. She has not provided you with any written notice to evict. In addition, Louisiana is a one party state. Record all calls from now on.  As he stated by it taking more than 30 days, je is authorized by a Lousiana law to make the repairs himself. He needs to have proof that he requested repairs and that she did not make them within 30 days. If she calls the police point out to them that you have not received an eviction notice of any kind and that she is trying to evict you with less than 24 hours. She is just not going to get away with it. But you should probably look for another place to live and make plans to sue her in small claims court if you have proof that she authorized you to make these repairs and that she would be reimbursing you buy a discount on the rent or in other ways. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.