 My landlord bought the property in nov 2018. I moved in to my updated apartment in April 2019. My apartment is free of bed bugs. The other residents have been here prior to her purchasing the building....not sure what their leases say. I did see one bed bug crawling on my rug. Killed that little jerk real quick. I notified my landlord....who immediately had a pest control company come out and inspect the entire building (4 units). After inspecting 3 apartments the pest control guy said he did not see a need to spray......but then he got to my upstairs neighbor, and saw that there was evidence of an infestation and they’re going to spray the entire building. The lady upstairs is elderly, her son lives with her (in the living room). They appear to be on section 8 or low income assistance from what Ive gathered. I don’t think her son is supposed to live there. The lady never leaves to do laundry, to get groceries, to sit outside or anything. I doubt she will follow the guidelines for bed bug treatment. I doubt she will bag her things or dry them like they told us to do. So in that instance, that things do not get resolved. Can she be evicted? I love my apartment and I love my landlord and I do not want to move. My landlord is so stressed about this is has considered selling the building. You can't really control a landlord's decision to evict or not evict a separate tenant, as you have no legal relationship with them, and no standing to enforce the terms of someone else's lease. Eviction is a pretty severe legal action, and any landlord that is not intimately familiar with the process (ie, most landlords that aren't experienced corporations) usually needs to speak with an attorney about the situation or is putting themselves at serious risk. You can certainly tell your landlord that you will not be renewing if you feel the bed bug situation has not been resolved successfully (or, potentially, that you believe the landlord is in breach of their contract with you by violating some term of your lease or legal duty). Your suspicion that this other tenant is unable or unwilling to follow the correct protocol is almost certainly not sufficient to compel anything at this stage.