  I work as a bellman/valet at a Westin hotel in California. Yesterday, a guest drove erratically the wrong way on a one way drive, blaring music and parked in one of our reserved valet parking spots (not unusual as we have a confusing parking lot). as he jumped out of his car as i approached the gentleman and asked if he would like to valet park his car. He yelled something about having a meeting at our restaurant, which was hard to understand with the volume of the music. I placed my hand to my ear and ask him to repeat himself as i couldn't hear him. He then slapped my hand away from my ear (wtf?) and returned to his car. I assumed he was going to turn off his car or music so we could talk about parking his car... but instead peeled out quickly, lightly striking me and another vehicle and then parked in a handicapped spot and went to go eat. I immediately informed my on duty supervisor what had happened, who seemed like he could care less, until i told him a valet car was slightly damaged. His solution was to leave a note on the perpetrator car to come see him after he was done eating regarding the damage to the car, and asked if i needed a "emergency" ambulance for my injury,i said no ... I only have a orange size bruise to my upper thigh.... i think management should have handled a guest hitting me with a car differently... I was informed the next day that management filed a hit and run report with police because he never spoke to the supervisor but i don't believe it. I have been with the hotel for over half a decade and received multiple employee evaluation awards including best employee of the year (holy cow, team player in the house!!!!) . I think deserve a more satisfactory resolution to a relatively minor workplace trauma/injury. TLdr: got hit buy a hotel guest car with minor injury and am hoping for a legal reason for a few payed days off while my sore leg heals.  this was my reasoning for posting this in the first place. When i spoke to our new HR manager. she explained that the gentleman wasn't confronted/removed from the property because it only would have caused a scene with a clearly unstable individual and "make the situation worse". The manager on duty that day was also a new hire of a few weeks... but he did call senior staff who approved his course of action. I was hopping to get an apology on how the situation was handled but instead they doubled down...The bit in my post seeking paid days off was my way of forcing an apology of a kind i guess.. Thank you for listening internet stranger :)  Well, and I think realistically, your damages here are minimal. I'm just blown away and really angry about the fact that you were flippin hit by a car, and your hotel seems fresh out of flips to give about it. i like you....  Okay great my comment about being employee of the year was a playful anecdote on my commitment to the company; and the contrasting lack of fucks given after being hit by a god damn car. Ill update you on the medical expenses if i experience persisting nerve damage or throw a clot from the surrounding veins in the near future   Yes this is a 4 star/diamond property. Unfortunately the hotel cameras have been down for a few days, although i have multiple coworkers as witnesses. Tracking down the guest was never an issue as he was parked 10 feet from the front of the hotel for hours as he enjoyed his lunch for 3 hours.... i have no idea why this was reported to me as a hit and run. i also have pictures of his plates and vin number. I really don't know what i want, or expect from all this so i might be over reacting to a sore leg... but still..  You can file a workers comp claim with your employer to cover any medical expenses. Do you have any?  Holy smokes.... So much wrong here. If this is a high end hotel, which I'm guessing it is, they should have cameras at the valet area, which captured the plate on the vehicle, which they can provide to the police to help them track down that guest for criminal charges. It might be worth checking in with a doctor, to make sure you're okay. And this should DEFINITELY be covered by the workers' comp at the hotel. My mind is too blown to really think about more from a legal standpoint.