 I found out my ex was cheating on me via the guy she was cheating with sending me pictures of their texts. I broke up with her, she left for Washington state. She’s pregnant and is claiming the baby is mine, saying that I have to take a paternity test or the state would come after me. She’s okay with me signing away my rights as a parent in the event the kid is mine, as I live at home and am two states away. I found a form that’s like a petition to abdicate parental rights for Washington, but I also read the FAQ here and it said I’m pretty much fucked, but I want to make sure. I am fairly confident I am an unfit father, assuming I am it at all. It is based on income, either your actual income or the income that the court thinks you could/should be earning. If a judge decides that you are voluntarily underemployed, she can impute an income to you and assess child support accordingly. Yes, it is based off income, but it would be calculated in the state where the child is a resident as opposed to the state in which you reside.  Then you are and you suffer the consequences  And if I am? I feel a pit in my stomach. I know it’s r/legaladvice and not /r/feelgoodtime, but I’m frustrated at myself for believing this woman’s claim to an IUD and getting an STD screening with me beforehand. There’s no such thing as entrapment, it’s my fault for not wrapping it, yadda yadda. But I may be responsible for someone’s existence, and that terrifies me. DNA test Is child support based on one’s income? Does it apply based on my state or her state?  It's really 6 in one hand, half a dozen in the other: either way, you'll take a paternity test and if the results are a match, you'll be considered the father of the child. She can be okay with murder if she wants to be. The court isn't, and that's really all that matters, legally. Being an unfit father simply means you won't get physical access to the child. It does not waive your financial obligations, and generally having no contact/custody over the child means you will pay the max in support. You cannot waive that financial obligation. However, should someone else come along who would be willing to assume both the actual parental role and the parental financial obligation to the child, then you will be able to sign over your rights in their favor. 