 (tl;dr below) Background: I and my family rent an owner-occupied duplex. We share an entry hallway with the owner. We are on very good terms with our landlady – she babysits our 2 little people once a week (we pay her), and we very often help her. We take care of snow removal, the occasional meal, mail, trash, etc.... Recently, she's taken a pretty serious turn for the worse and is basically immobile. She's been calling us to ask for help with basic things: getting up from a chair, getting out of her car, getting up the 2 steps to her home. We want to call social services, but she's a hoarder and if social services sends someone to help, they will almost certainly condemn the place. If she loses her home, she'll be left with basically nothing since she has no assets. Her family is bankrupt (daughter just lost her home), so they are no help either. Direct question: If something happens while we are helping our landlady when she has asked us to come help her, are we opening ourselves up to litigation if she gets hurt? Conversely, if we do NOT help her (i.e. call Social Services), can we get in trouble, legal or otherwise? We really want to help her, and are heartbroken that her family won't, but we are nervous as hell that we could be ruined by a litigious family member. tl;dr: Hoarder landlady becoming immobile and calling us (on phone) to come help her move around in her apartment. If she gets hurt while we are helping, is it possible for us to get sued? If we don't report the situation to Social Services, can we get in trouble? Thanks. She can't safely navigate. Some rooms are closed off because of the piles of trash. But I got in touch with another family member this morning who doesn't live as close and wasn't aware of how dire the situation was. They came and (rightly) called an ambulance; so hopefully I'm out of the situation and she'll get the help she needs. Now I just have to hope that the other family members don't get upset at me for drawing attention to the situation and do something rash.... If she can safely navigate the home and there’s a 2ft wide walkway through the home, it’s unlikely they would pursue anything further than encouraging her gently to clean. However, if she is unable to take care of herself in the home, she may be evaluated for additional services through an elderly or CADI waiver. If you are in Hennepin County, I recommend contacting Hennepin County Front Door to ask about your options or doing an informal phone consult with MAARC.  Thanks! I'll give them a call first thing! If in twin cities, call Lutheran Social Services to see what they suggest. Try private resources before the government. The hoarding would have to be pretty crazy to condemn the house. And it would put you out of a place as well.  I'm in MN. Is not reporting the situation to social services negligence? (I'm not sure the threshold for negligence or what my obligations are––if there are any––to report something to the proper authorities.) It depends on the state, but in most places they would have to prove negligence or malice on your part in order to sue you. 