 My girlfriend and I were shopping at Best Buy today. We walked out and walked to a near by store and then returned to find the back hatch of her Jeep with a long deep key mark through the paint. I immediately went inside the store and asked if they could pull any video feed for us. They were nice enough to pull the video and you can clearly see a couple of younger kids, probably 18-20 years old walk by and key the back of her car. There is also video of them keying another car on the way in. They were still in the store when we saw this video. I then called called the non-emergency police number. They dispatched two officers and they came and took our account of the story and viewed the video. They stopped the two individuals when they were leaving the store. They took their names and advised them that they are barred from returning to this Best Buy. Then they let them walk away. I asked the officers what could be done and they advised the individuals will have a warrant for their arrest and be charged with criminal mischief. They would not provide me with their names or any information on them. When I asked for this information they asked me to call the police office Monday through Friday and speak to an investigator. They gave us a case number and said to call our insurance. They told the same thing to the other car owner who had his car keyed. We have an estimate for the repairs totaling $1200. Do we have any recourse in this situation? I plan on calling the police office on Monday and asking for their information for use in small claims court. I have little to no knowledge of small claims court other than Google searches. Any help is greatly appreciated.  You will be awarded a judgement in your favor. The judge or clerk can explain to you what that means. In many states you can take a lean out on the judgement in several counties in your state which would mean whenever they do have money and try to buy something by getting a loan, they would have to pay you before they would be allowed to get the loan. Still, you'll never see the money. Yes. If the kids are found and brought in to court.  Thank you for the response. She is calling her insurance company tomorrow. So if I am understanding correctly, even if we do not sue them in small claims court, these kids will eventually have a court date to answer for their warrant for arrest for criminal mischief? If so, the court can order restitution for them to pay? I am not holding my breath because who knows if they gave the officers their actual names or not. It is nice to think they will actually have to go to court though.  Thank you to everyone who has responded. What happens if we do win in small claims court and the kids cannot afford to pay? I am calling the detective at police department tomorrow. I am just in disbelief that these kids were allowed to walk away. They were not searched and they did not even have their ID's checked. The cops simply asked them for their names and addresses and then stated the are barred from the store.  They won’t release their information to you more than likely. Contact the investigator. Let them know of the damage estimate as it will bolster the criminal case. Notify your insurance. Give your insurance the police case number.  IIRC in Texas parents could be on the hook for damages if their child caused them intentionally. But OP said the vandals looked around 18-20, those are adults so they'd be responsible for the costs themselves. The general textbook answer is parents are not vicariously liable for the actions of their children unless the damage was at the direction of the parent, in the course of employment in a parents' business or the parent had given them access to a potentially dangerous item such as a car or a gun. If they're raising kids like this, they likely also don't have any damn money. If they're over 18 though, the parents don't have to pay for anything the kids did. Dont they have parents who would pay? I would file with insurance. When the kids’ case goes to court or settles the court will hopefully order restitution. But since they are young I wouldn’t hold my breath on getting that money any time soon. You can also sue them in small claims court. Same issue with collecting. It may or may not be possible depending on the circumstances. If it is possible, it will probably take time.  Good chance your insurance will cover this but you'll have to make a claim. It will be a vandalism claim and they may only partially cover the damage. You can sue the kids that did it in small claims court over the damage. I'm sure they cant pay for it though, some little punk ass kids that are keying cars most likely don't have a job that will allow them to pay for the damage they're inflicting.