 I'm selling a condo. I've only been inside it once as then moved to another state. All the current transfer paper work and upgrades etc.. has been done remotely Moving to the point: the buyers saw the condo and asked for a lower price due to the poor condition of the unit, and in return I won't have to do certain upgrades etc... I agreed. We signed an agreement and moved on with the transfer paper work. 3 weeks later they went in for a visit (on my permission and with the agent) and noticed an appliance not fully working. They asked for it to be repaired, which I agreed because the agreement we signed noted "the property to be sold with fixtures and fittings such as light fittings, stoves, etc.. are fully paid for and owned by me the seller, and be in working order etc.. " While talking to the electrician and agent, we ended up having it replaced rather then repaired (apparently because it was too hard to repair (lack of parts, model number, etc..) I didn't really think much of this replacement). The other day they went in for another visit and are now mad because the new working appliance I had installed is a standard market brand while the original dysfunctional one they saw when viewing was a much higher quality brand name (much more expensive). They are asking for me to replace it now with the original brand or reimburse them the difference. The replaced appliance has the exact same features, size, looks, etc..and is working 100% it is just a standard brand The para legal doing the transfer asked me to email comment when I called to talk about it so she could show to her higher ups... Thoughts?  So now the appliances don't match? Your lawyer will tell you they can walk. Your realtor should have told you to offer them the $$$ so they could purchase a new appliance of their choice.  They are a glamour high end brand just like Miele is. Home depot and Lowes dont even sell Siemens ovens. They only sell Bosch ovens that Siemens sells under that name and the Bosch ones sell for $1,700 to $5,000. Siemens ovens sell for about the same. So the OP did them a favor by installing a very expensive glamour oven, when they could have put in a normal oven for $600. These buyers must be a nightmare to work with.  I never even heard of Miele. But Siemens is a top name brand. Reading about Miele, they are a german company (which probably means lower quality and very hard to repair just like with BMW). It is interesting, that brand is actually one of the very, very few brands not owned by a larger company. You had an anomaly for an oven for sure. Miele is definitely a designer glamour brand name in the US so they have a point, but a very stupid point because it is just an oven and you replaced it with a top name brand. Normally with german companies they will sell their products in germany for dirt cheap, but then sell it for more in the US as a glamour brand. Here are the Miele production facilities. Miele only offers parts for at most "up to" 15 years. So if your oven was older then there would have been no option to repair. If the repair guy did not at least make a phone call to get a quote then you should find a new repair guy because there is only one place to call for Miele parts. There is no searching around for parts. Either Miele would of had the part or not. But I bet even something like a cheap $30 heating element would be $400 for Miele because of the name, but with no extra benefit. Basically the price of a new oven. Either way, tell them to take it or leave it. If they want to cancel a house deal because you removed a broken oven and replaced it with a top name brand oven then so be it. But I cant believe they would be that crazy to do that.  They can walk until everything is final. There may be consequences to doing so, but they can.  Siemens is a good brand no? They make some of the highest quality commercial stuff for sure. Thank you. They cannot really walk right now as the paper work for transfer is at the deed's office. I saw the before/after pictures of the old/new appliance and it looks almost identical (just colour difference from grey to black) Hey, the brand of the original not fully working one was Miele before and after we signed the purchase contract. The brand of the new fully working one is Siemens (the transfer will be done in a few weeks now). Functionally they are the same and cosmetically they are 95% similar (slight colour difference). They were expecting a repair while I had it fully replaced with something brand new You don't have to do anything except what the contract requires. That said, they don't have to buy your condo. If they are willing to walk over the appliance, they could. If they then sue for return of the earnest money deposit, their argument will be that you weren't able to convey the premises in the same condition it was in when they offered. I can't imagine a judge agreeing that a few hundred dollars worth of appliance upgrades was a substantial enough change in condition to return all of their money... but... that's the argument that you need to be prepared for. Tell them to take it or leave it. Also, what was the brand model of the original one and what is the brand model of the new one. Just wondering because most likely there is no different difference between them except a logo.  The deal was for working appliances. They got that.  NAL Any Questions regarding a contract can be pretty difficult because EVERY SINGLE word can make a difference. So making a definitive statement without knowing the exact wording is not possible. The basic gist of it is that if the contract says that they would get the old models they can hold you to that and even if the contract does NOT state that they may have a case because they asked specifically for a repair and you agreed to that. To be sure ask the person who helped you set up the contract or a lawyer. Unfortunately, you tried to do what you thought was the right thing, but not what the buyers were expecting. They can rightfully claim that you changed the deal. If the amount they are asking for is small, it might be worth it to pay just let the sale happen without further hindrance. Otherwise, either offer what you can or refuse. Your sales contract stipulates what can happen next. They can ask all they want. Say no. The contract stated the appliances are to be in working order, not a specific make/model/etc. 