 My long-time (30yrs) friend is an inmate in a Utah prison. I visit and pay her phone account frequently to stay in regular contact. She didn't call for over a week after saying that her MRSA was getting worse and nobody was listening. When she did get back in touch she said that she had just spent 6 days in the hospital after falling into delirium from sepsis (she was told she was found naked screaming at hallucinations). Now that she's back at her regular bunk, she's trying to figure out how to proceed on a complaint. I reviewed the ACLU site for Utah Prisoner's complaints and all I can find is information on what to do if they are denying care (file a complaint, explain why you need the care, file again after denial, etc.), but I can't figure out what type of complaint or process she needs to start for having been denied care and being allowed to fall into such a dangerous state of health. She's under 40, and was never medically fragile. She does suffer from low intelligence and other issues that make it difficult to understand and follow procedures. She's also worried about the thousands in co-pays she'll be charged for her 6 days in the hospital, with only 40 cents an hour to work to pay it back. She's also worried that future issues will be ignored and she might not survive her sentence. Utah requires complaints to be filed within 7 days (and you have to exhaust the complaint process before filing suit). We don't have a lot of time to figure this out. Please point me in the right direction so that I can put a plan together. TLDR (concrete legal question): What is the complaint process in Utah Prisons for inadequate medical care leading to severe complications and expensive hospital bills? Yes, generally a medical office has the right to charge a copy fee. 0,25 cents per page sounds reasonable. It's also reasonable to demand that the request is done in a way that patient's ID can be established and the request formerly logged. Also check whose records you'll get through GRAMA request. Might be just be the correctional facility medical and not the hospital (since the hospital isn't a governmental institution or agency) responding. Or a copy of the hospital record might be filled with the primary record held at the facility. You'll probably need to request the records from each medical provider she was in contact with separately either way. Be aware that she'll get a copy (never the original) and it shouldn't be redacted. However, prepare for a lot of abbreviations (some informal or internal to the medical office - bad practice but really common) and technical language, the records may not be easy to understand for a lay person. Also it won't include doctor's notes - those are private property of the doctor. (Technically psychiatric record may be withhold from a patient, if the doctor believes they might trigger the patient doing harm to themselves or others. But I don't think that'll apply here) Sadly, it is. "an inmate must authorize and initiate that process through a GRAMA records request. The inmate requests a GRAMA form from his or her caseworker, fills it out as specifically as possible and returns it to the caseworker to be notarized. Unless indigent, an inmate must provide a blank money transfer form to cover the cost (25-cents per page) of duplicating the records. The complete form is then sent to the records specialist for review and response." =com\_content view=article id=1054 Itemid=182 I just spoke to her, walked her through her next steps. She told me that getting her medical records requires a GRAMA request and 25 cents per page. Really not sure how that's things work. If so, it's atrocious. Five hours or work for her to get 8 pages of her own medical records. (I mean, assuming she gets her check and it isn't indefinitely swallowed by her massive hospital bill.) IANAL, but what concerns me is MRSA itself. I have no idea what US or Ohio policies on controlling MRSA spread in prisons would be, but they probably have at least some guidelines. Might be worth checking in with CDC, if the outbreak has been properly reported - here are [CDC guidelines on MRSA prevention in correctional facilities](=10.26616/NIOSHPUB2013120). Might want to contact CDC or/and Ohio Department of Health. If it really was MRSA and not a random staph infection, that might put more pressure on the facility to intervene and treat it. Especially, if they knew that they had it. Again IANAL, but I would be surprised, if the MRSA diagnosis is somewhat legally significant. Also the timing on when it was charted, so make sure your firend has a copy of all their medical records. Yup. A great victory for America. Are you sure it's the entire trust fund amount? I don't work in UDOC, I worked in TN DOC, but they did not withdraw the entire trust fund amount until they inmate approached release, just a certain percentage of it. Not like the state cares if they leave anything or not since inmates are generally provided all of the necessities as zero cost. This can be a very expensive personal injury claim, if you can find a personal injury lawyer willing to take the case.  It goes without saying that some of them have brought legitimate cases before the courts. The most profound, IMO, was Gideon v. Wainwright. Our society should really consider getting around to abolishing slavery. Does health insurance coverage or Medicaid cease for prison inmates?  Got no problem with inmates litigating. Not like prisons go out of their way to do what’s required. Your friend needs to file a grievance form. If she doesn't have one, she may have to request it from staff. As you'll see from the sample link below, the form will ask her to describe the nature of her complaint, what she and staff did to resolve the situation and what remedy she seeks. Given her difficulties, you can help her fill out the form during your next call. The system is stacked heavily against her here, and she's lucky to have you. [\_and\_Jail\_Grievance\_Policies/Utah\_Sample\_Grievance\_Form\_2.pdf]()   's all day every day. They do. Many of them become vexatious litigants too. This is from ACLU Utah. More resources  Well its basically free healthcare for lifetimers. Are you expected to pay it pack after you leave? They just keep a record. All money you make goes towards it. Any money that family/friends send for commissary goes towards it. All of it until the debt is cleared.  How exactly are they expected to pay when they make anything at all? Do they just go, “sorry, you can’t pay. You die now bye bye.” I'm pretty sure she still has to try the complaint process. As far as I can tell, the prison (typically) needs to be given an opportunity to correct the issue through its own process. Otherwise, prisoners would be filing 1983's all day every day.  This might be the basis for a 1983 claim. There’s a bunch of civil rights litigation going on now related to inadequate medical care in state prisons.  In many states, like Utah, inmates are charged a co-pay: Under State law, inmates are assessed a $5 co-pay for primary medical and dental care and are charged a $2 co-pay for prescription medication. When an inmate receives care in the community, he or she is responsible for 10 percent of the costs, with a cap of $2,000 per fiscal year. An inmate who has assets exceeding $200,000 upon arrival at the prison is expected to pay costs of all medical and dental care up to 20 percent of his or her total asset value. Offenders pay 50 percent of the cost for eyeglasses, dentures and medical supplies.  Has she actually received a hospital bill? Because when people are in the custody of the state, the state generally pays for their bills.