 To give context: We live in Southern California. My mom was babysitting my twin boys and walking them in their jogger stroller on the sidewalk on a cul-de-sac near our house. My mom also walked her Malti-Poo on a leash with them. Two bulldogs ran out the open front door of a home on the cul-de-sac. One of them went to bite my mom’s dog and my mom tried to pick her dog up to protect her, at which point the dog attacked her as well and bit her hand. The dog also managed to bite my mom’s dog in two separate areas. It ultimately disengaged after my mom yelled at it enough. A lady came out of the residence and took the dogs back in claiming to just be a dog sitter. My wife arrived on scene and got the contact info for the owner from the alleged dog sitter. My mom went to ER after EMS triaged her hand and I had to take the dog to an emergency vet visit. I’m a private investigator, so I’ve already done some background which tells me that the woman who said she was a dog sitter is a long-term resident and was lying. Now I’m concerned that these people are going to be duplicitous. My mom has filed a police report and contacted the humane society, who said that the dog would be placed in “quarantine.” Our current plan is to make a homeowners or renters insurance claim or, if they’re renters and not insured, we’ve been told small claims would be the best option. I’m not sure but my mom will probably want to go for pain and suffering as she’s quite shaken up and was in fear most of the day yesterday that her dog was going to die. My question for you is: what else do we need to be doing to make sure that at the very least the bills are covered by the owner? Thanks for any help or advice you can provide! Thanks for the help! I don’t particularly think she should go for pain and suffering, but she seems to want to try. It’ll be up to her in the end. I appreciate your advice! Just file an insurance claim, or sue in small claims. They would be responsible for medical and vet bills. Pain and suffering is extremely unlikely with a minor injury like this. That is reserved for severe injury with permanent lasting negative impact. 