 Hello all, I have very recently faced a situation with one of my neighbors and our pet dog but first a bit of background. My family and I live in a townhouse in a quad plex. This is in a neighborhood comprising of other townhouses in quadplexes managed by different property management companies. Now as far as our issue. Whenever we leave our home with our dog he is always on the leash as per city ordinance, however, on a morning a couple days ago he managed to get out of the house by mistake and simply ran onto a lawn (which is part of our quadplex's property) to go to the bathroom. That's it. A neighbor of our's who lives in a quadplex opposite of our's but managed by another company, saw the dog and me trying to get him back into the house and asked that we keep him on the leash. I told him that he is on the leash all the time and this one time he got out by mistake. After that I simply grabbed our dog and took him into the house. That's it. About an hour later a police officer is knocking on our door wanting to speak to the owners of the dog. So we chat about the situation and I tell him exactly what happened and how the dog is on the leash all the time whenever he is outside and this one time was a simple mistake. The police officer is totally reasonable and just doing his job. I also informed the officer that that same neighbor has his dog out from time to time and that dog is off leash every single time. The officer said that he would speak to our neighbor as well about his dog. At that point we thought it was all over and done with. Next day we receive a notice from our renting company warning us about having a pet off leash. This was just a warning. No fine involved but there would be if it is to happen again. So my question is how to best protect our family and our dog from being reported again but falsely because I do not trust this neighbor. He is a "jackass" for lack of a better word. He is also a former inmate if that counts for anything. I simply do not want to be reported falsely by him. I also have a feeling that our renting company sent out a warning to us without any actual evidence because the police officer himself admitted during our chat that there is no evidence, just someone saying something. Can I challenge this with our rental company? And what would be the best approach about protecting my family and my dog in the future from any possible false accusations? Should I get a hold of the property manager for my neighbor's townhouse and report them also about their dog? Thank you for your time in reading this and for any advice. Quite sure I do. As I explained, it is always on the leash when outside except this one incident when it got out of the house by accident. So I guess technically it hasn't been on the leash always since the incident. I'm guessing that's what you're getting at. You keep saying your dog is "always" on a leash. Do you know what "always" means? Yes, of course. I'm asking about any possible issues in the future though. That someone simply saying something is not enough to warrant a fine or a warning. Also it seems that being actually honest gets you in hot water as I simply could have played dumb and denied everything and avoided all this. Neither the property manager or the police simply accepted the neighbor's word - you admitted this happened. That's pretty solid evidence when it comes from your own mouth. That is what I'm trying to clear up. That there needs to be concreted evidence instead of simply accepting someone's word. How are you going to have concrete evidence that something didn't happen? The burden of proof would be on him. Because this neighbor has a history of doing questionable things which have involved not only us but other neighbors as well. He is not a trustworthy person. I'm not saying that he will report falsely for sure but it does happen. What can we do? Does there need to be concrete evidence or can he simply say something again without anything actually happening? We have been living at this place for over six years with zero problems/issue with anyone. Our dog has been with us for three years with zero problems until this one time he got out by accident. The dog wasn't reported falsely the first time. Why do you believe the next will be?