 Wife and I were married March 23, 2018. I left may 30th 2018. Since then we have only had contact with each other Thanksgiving night when she reached out and wanted to work on marriage. Well we ended up not wanting to work on it and I wanted to proceed with the divorce process. Since then she has not responded to anything calls, texts, so far the summons waiver and note ive sent. All my contact attempts have been polite and to the point. No raging. I have offered to pay for the whole process but have not got a single response. We have no children together, no house together, no car together, also no debt lines together. We do have separate debts from before the marriage though and I assume after to but not together. We were only together married for a month and a half. My question is what do I do? I have no idea I feel hopeless over this. What will happen if we go to court? Will she get to offload her previous debts on me and take my car? Will lawyer fee kill me? I hate I made this choice and feel itll set my life back so much. Please help. Also I have all the paper work filled out I have just been told I need her to sign by the county clerk.  I don't think it's necessarily lawyer time yet. OP's wife has been ignoring things because he is sending her things that she can ignore. OP, you need to fill out these forms: And hire a process server to serve your wife. The process server will deliver the papers to your wife and you can use that in court as proof that she has been notified about the divorce. She can continue to ignore you, but the process will continue without her.  Most states follow a doctrine of putting the child's welfare first and foremost, AKA they don't give a shit how unfair it is to any adults involved. Ask any of the poor E1's stuck paying for Jody's kid across the country. Also look into getting legal aid.  Transgender people exist.  So why does your posting history say your a 22f lesbian, a dude whos condom fell off during a 1 night stand, and you also have a kid and an ex wife? You can always get a private investigator to find where she lives and have an attorney write a letter on your behalf. Not a lawyer. Because spouses are legally presumed to be the parents of their wife's children. [Keep in mind that the statute's references to "man" are likely out of date because the most recent update to the law preceded the legalization of same sex marriage](http://iga.in.gov/static-documents/e/1/a/0/e1a0c52d/TITLE31_AR14_ch7.pdf). Subsequent court rulings have expanded same sex partners to birth certificates as well. It isn't unfair at all. It's yet another reason why people are told not to enter into marriage in a caviler fashion or to remain in it past separation.  Your a blessing! Thank you for something positive. I'll look into smaller counties as I didn't know that was a option.  I had a marriage with no kids or joint property. My ex ignored all communication from my lawyer. It went to a judge who granted me everything I asked for because my ex was refusing communication. Took about 3 months to get granted because they give like 30 days between notices for the other party to respond. Call around and get estimates. Because we had no joint property or kids my lawyer was only $800 in KY. I was able to file in a smaller county where prices were cheaper despite having not gotten married in that county, so i would also call smaller, poorer counties around you too. They lawyers fees should be reflective of their location.  May I ask how though? So also I could go get knocked and rope her in on it? That seems so unfair. Legal and biological parenthood are not the same thing. She gets pregnant in any way and you may find yourself paying child support. She can borrow money and open lines of credit in her name and can generate liabilities that could be dumped on you in a divorce.  Guess I should of added our marriage is two women by the governments eyes. So would the kid situation still apply? And can she barrow money and credit without my information? Get a side job. Seriously, I cannot tell you how dangerous it is for people to be married to people they have no contact with. If she gets pregnant you are legally the father until a court tells you that you aren't. To make matters worse, if you don't know about the kid until the kid is older it's possible that you'll be barred from contesting paternity. Borrow money, workout a payment plan, etc. Very true, will a lawyer want to be paid up front? Cause I'm sure I can't afford one, making only $12 a hour.  Immediately get a lawyer involved. You do not need her to sign the paperwork but you do need to navigate rules of evasive litigants. Understand that the long you're married the more risk you're exposed to. Whether it's new lines of credit, her having children that are legally yours, etc., you do not want to delay.  Fair, I know in the courts eyes that's how it would go.  You need to talk to an attorney who can help you find her. You haven’t been married for only a month. It’s been 11 months—almost a year. The longer you wait, the longer you’ve been married. 