 Hi everyone! I’m still searching for an apartment in SF and need help/advice about the following situation: I’m going to be a law student, so my income will be $0 for the upcoming year. I don’t have a rental history because I have been living in parents’ home but my credit score/history is really good. My dad will be signing as guarantor of my rental lease. Here’s where it gets tricky: my boyfriend will likely stay with me long enough to the point where it makes much more sense to add him as a tenant/occupant/subtenant so he can have his own set of keys/have access to common areas without people think he’s loitering. I think this would require his name to be on the lease (not sure; need clarification on whether I can have the option of not having him on the lease). Ideally, I would like to have a good relationship with my landlord and not be confronted with a warning about an overstaying boyfriend. However, I don’t want my father to know that my boyfriend will be on the lease (cultural values against premarital living arrangements — not something I can justify/argue with sorry!) I’m wondering if I can amend the lease but not have the guarantor see who’s on the lease? Or if the guarantor can agree to being financially liable without seeing exactly who is on the lease? Some things to note: I will 100% make payments on time as money is not the issue and we are quiet people—our arguments are rare and aren’t screaming matches. We aren’t worried about neighbor complaints/being a nuisance. this will depend on the lease. generally guarantors and all tenants need to sign all parts of the lease. so each part of the lease would theoretically need three signatures if your dad cosigns and your boyfriend is also part of the lease. but if your dad signs everything first and then you and your boyfriend sign last, he won't know your boyfriend is on the lease unless your dad reads the lease, which he should do because you should always read something before you sign it. it's doubtful your landlord would allow you to add a clause to add your boyfriend to the lease without your Co signers signature as well