 Hello, I have a friend who is try to divorce there husband. He is manipulative and has been concerning us and her for a long time. Recently she’s started to concede she just wants him to move away. She is intimidated at the idea of a divorce and refuses to go threw with it without more information. She is the breadwinner. She makes a significant amount of money which is tied up in rent and bills. He is unemployed and has been on and off for the time I’ve known him(10 years). He works very little and has very little money but still takes from her very frequently for frivolity. He may emotionally abuse her. I don’t think it’s ever gotten physical between them but he has been doing things recently that make us all uncomfortable. What is the safest and easiest way to get this process started and what would it play out like. Will she need a hotel. Should she get a restraining order during the process. Will she be expected to pay alimony to him? Any info would greatly help and is appreciated. Thank you! Thanks again! I’ll advise her to start a dialogue with a lawyer! If they are both on the lease, they are both responsible for the rent, so if she moved out, he could stop paying, and she might find herself dealing with an eviction and back rent (plus penalties). Some places with allow to break the lease in the event of domestic violence. The landlord might be willing to break the lease if someone re-signs. This is where speaking to a lawyer helps, they will know how to best approach the situation, because every breakup is unique with its different circumstances.  Excellent advice, thanks for the response. I don’t think there is physical abuse but it’s hard to tell with her. He’s gotten aggressive with others before. They are both on the lease and renting. How does that work? She doesn't need a hotel, it is probably better for her financially to stay put. They both have rights to the marital home. If they are renting, it would matter who is on the lease. If he is threatening or abusing her physically, she should be calling the police, and documenting every incident in order to pursue a restraining order. It is possible that she would pay alimony, but that shouldn't dissuade her, it is likely less than supporting him as she is now. She should consult with a lawyer, several perhaps, until she finds one she trusts and feels comfortable with, If he hasnt threatened her, there is no reason for a restraining order. If he threatens, harasses, stalks, that sort of thing, mayne then. Spousal support is possible if she has always been the breadwinner. But waiting to file.divorce wont change that.  [removed]