 Hi, I'm a student located in Ann Arbor, Michigan with a serious roommate problem. Long post coming. TLDR: My roommate has leveled (mostly) false accusations tarnishing my name in order to force me out of our apartment. I've been living with a girl for the past year, and we resigned our lease for another year this past October. It was a great move because her older sister is dating my older brother. We felt happy to keep things in the family. Our lease as it stands now ends in July of 2020. She moved out after the school year ended in April and found a subletter for the summer, and we were planning on living together in the next school year like before. That is, until her mother contacted mine in mid June and said that my roommate felt unsafe living with me the next year. She made all sorts of accusations against me, including (but not limited to) using our place for prostitution, giving keys for our apartment out to strange men, and leaving said strange men in our apartment alone with her. She has also claimed that she had tried to talk to me about all of this, but that my anger at her concern/request that I change was so overwhelming that she was afraid to continue living with me and trying to work this out. I'm feeling very betrayed and hurt by all of these accusations from someone who I thought was a friend. The prostitution claim does come from a grain of truth ( I was on a website for sugar daddies this year) but is largely false because the only relationships that came from the cite were with a man who lives several states away that I would exchange photos with (we are both legal adults), and a man that I was escorting platonically (dinner dates, hanging out at the library, etc.). Neither knew where I lived, and I didn't sleep or have any sexual physical contact with either of them. I now have a committed boyfriend, who she supported me in pursuing, and who she knows is the only person I've had over to our place since January. I had no idea that me having guys over at our apartment upset her. I've slept with four people between October and January (all of whom are in our age bracket) and have left my current boyfriend alone at my apartment (he stayed in my room aside from food or bathroom runs) while I've been in early classes or at work. She never mentioned anything to me about feeling unsafe with him around. I have text messages from months ago (between she and myself, as well as myself and numerous others) and testimony from my friends and boyfriend to support me, but unless we got the police involved and they seized our phone records, I'm sure that they (she and her mother) would accuse me of altering the texts or only showing what "I want them to see." Her mother has taken over on her behalf and I have not heard from the roommate since this all began. My situation now is this; she is trying to use these accusations to force me out of my home. The way that our lease is written, as far as I know, makes it so that if one of the people leaves, the other is responsible for the whole rent, which is something that my family and I cannot afford. They are proposing that whoever finds a new roommate first gets the apartment and the other person has to leave. At this point in the year in a college town, there aren't many one bedroom apartments left, and even fewer that we can afford. I have a strong suspicion that they already have someone to fill my spot, which is why they made these accusations to force me out in the first place. What can I do? Is there anything that may support me in keeping my place but not having to pay the whole amount? I want to take the high road, and the least messy route with this because due to the relationship of our siblings, this is all in the family of people who could become my in-laws. I really don't know what to do or what steps to take next. Please help! I do have proof (text messages) that I’ve never had sex with a sugar daddy, but if I were to provide them to her without the police involved (to verify that the message are real and complete) I’m sure that she would accuse me of altering them. Those are the facts, and the messages date back months Depends on the facts. If OP received or gave money/items to people in return for sex (from Sugar Daddy website), that could be considered prostitution. Most leases prohibit illegal conduct. If the OP participated in any illegal conduct in the home, the landlord could evict the OP. They are manipulating your emotions, but you are on solid legal ground. They cannot force you out of your home. You have signed a lease. If she doesn't pay rent, there are legal consequences. Thanks for the tip about the downloaded apps, hoping it doesn’t come to someone taking legal action against someone else but I’m trying to prepare for everything. I did make that suggestion to her mom, but she fired back with the suggestion that we both attempt to find someone, and whoever finds a person they want to live with first gets to stay. I’m sure she already has someone selected so it feels like I’ve been backed into a corner. We’re hesitant to sue her because of the familial connection. Keep a camera on 247 and make it so there are no blind spots and have them hidden but not in the bedrooms or bathroom for privacy reasons and take screenshots of the text messages. There are apps that can make fake text messages so if it turns into anything in court ask for a record of her downloaded apps They can't force you out of your home. You have every right to be there. Nothing they say, nor your roommate's feelings, can make you leave. If she moves out, you can sue her for her half of the rent. In your shoes, I would suggest that she find a subletter or a new tenant for next year to take her spot if she doesn't want to move into the apartment.