 I'll make this as succinct as it can possibly be because I have some very specific questions: State of Texas Medical cannabis being ingested at night (after work) with the purpose of having enough of an appetite to eat is what I do. No smoking. I'm a disabled person who walks funny but doesn't otherwise seem disabled so people always think something is 'off about me' Violent, psychopathic family member who has threatened to kill me (not in recent years but the last time I saw them years ago, yes) who I haven't seen in years arrives at my door suddenly. I know this person carries weapons, I also know this person is obsessed with weapons, and I know this person fantasizes about killing people (verbally, out loud) having been around them for years earlier. I am sitting in my room and see this persons vehicle driving by slowly from out my window. I close all blinds and verify that it is this person, see them walking toward the apartment door, and immediately call the police because of all of the above. The police arrive and appear to detain him, then come to my door. Whew, I feel safer as they're walking this way, but I don't want to walk outside because I'm afraid of that person seeing me. They come to my door, and I open it and am very aware that I'm visibly scared, my jaw is quivering, my eyes have been red for the past 14 years straight due to health problems/contact lenses that only exacerbate the issue. My apartment is thick with the nag champa flavor of incense, because I light one a day. I let them in to ask details about the criminal trespass warning they are going to issue this family member of mine, and boom the flashlights come up, they say "Where's the marijuana?" saying that they can smell it. Everyone always thinks nag champa is weed, even I have mistaken it. I tell them it's incense and they ask where is the burner, and I point toward it. Then they start the 'listen we smell it and we can do this the easy way or the hard way' which I know is how they operate so I just let them go in circles. There's no way they'll believe this red-eyed, unkempt man with facial hair! He must be on drugs! We're all standing at my door, right on the inside of the apartment, and myself having not woke up too long ago...I am just now coming to. They keep going with the intimidation asking where the weed is, etc. and even asking me if I have 'kiddie porn'? Like what? Anyway, they keep asking where do I work, very personal questions and I realize they're bullying me so I ask if I can step outside. They come out too and now they're not willing to bully me as hard because they know they're within earshot of neighbors. They say they're calling a Narcotics expert and are saying they're working on getting a warrant right now. I want them to go away so I tell them to look at my car and they found a two year old 'dab tool' which was in my car from a box that had turned over. It had residue on it, but from two years ago. The narcotics expert arrived and said that it was 'old though'. Which it was. So that's where the cops got deflated, issued me a class C misdemeanor, and left. All while being rude and accusing me of being a drug dealer, scaring me into thinking I'm going to be evicted, accusing me of 'kiddie porn'...all because I called the police on someone who has threatened my life in the past and showed up at my door. My questions are: 1) Am I able to pursue the other apartment complexes giving out my address which led this person to me? 2) Did the cops do anything harassing that I can pursue? They said their bodycams were on. 3) Why call the cops if they will just burst in your apartment for being someone with red eyes an unkempt facial hair? What the hell? I'll never be calling police again 4) What could I have done better? As I am a non-violent person with no criminal history but 13 years of full-time employment who now has several cops at a police station less than a mile away who think he's a drug-dealer. I didn't want to be rude and go 'Is he gone? Thanks for helping! \slams door on police\ I wanted to establish thanks, ask a couple questions, and feel safe. Not get frisked down by schoolyard bullies. 5) How should I present this to my lawyer? (If you do have any advice on the subject) Phone books index cell phone numbers by name and address updated by the year? You’re aware phone books exist, right?  I wouldn't have thought they could just hand out the address to anyone who asks. That's a little scary. Thanks. Against the person harassing you, sure. Which is why you call the police. Not against the complex. Because they have no obligation to keep your address secret.   No. That's not privileged or protected information ? What the hell? I'll never be calling police again Okay. Succinctly and truthfully. Don't embellish, omit, or lie.  [removed] I'm asking if there is any legal issue at all with being able to walk in an apartment complex office, claim to be someone's family member, and track someone down that way because the apartments divulged that person's personal address. Because no law makes your address privileged information? How so? Edited to avoid confusing folks who don't read.  now that I've edited my post to remove my talk about using edibles for years FTFY.  No. Your address is not protected information in any way.  Am I able to pursue the other apartment complexes giving out my address which led this person to me?  I think they did tweak the law after that kid was facing life for a pan of hash brownies That's to quell this kind type of post and to focus answer the questions at the end. I have to give a reason for my knowing and having been around it. You specifically said you use weed after work. There is no medical weed in TX. It’s all just illegal. And be careful. Edibles and concentrates are considered differently that regular flowers and punished much more harshly.  No, I don't, and nowhere was that stated. You're in Texas. You have weed. That is illegal. Stop talking to anyone about your possession of weed but your lawyer.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.