 I rented a car from Hertz at St. Louis airport on December 20, 2018 and returned it (also to St. Louis airport) on January 2, 2019, with no damage or any other grievances. Upon returning the car, I immediately took a multi-segment flight to Thailand, where I have been ever since. This morning, however, I received an email from a third-party claims adjusted, who says I had an accident in Hertz vehicle—on January 7. I assume this "accident" involved another vehicle, since they are asking for my liability coverage information. I've been engaged in calls and correspondence all morning, and have sent an email off to a supervisor in their claims department. I have documentation of my having returned the car and also, of my flights to Thailand. However, the phone rep I spoke with was very accusatory in his tone; Hertz seems convinced that I was involved in this incident, even though I was literally on the other side of the world when it happened. If the supervisor pushes back on my assertions, what should I do? [removed] Thanks for that tip! Stop worrying about that. This is a civil matter and you have paperwork confirming your version of events. It will be resolved in your favor. Only question is, how much sand will Hertz pound up your ass before they realize they screwed up? If this drags on, contact Hertz’s general counsel. Be polite but firm.  Yes! Which is why I'm confused about why they are protracting this, and forcing me to make my case to multiple parties. At this point, it should be an internal matter, as far as I'm concerned. Wait, you returned the car on the 2nd and they claim the accident was on the the 7th? Case closed. Save any communications you have with them, and get a copy documents showing you returned the car on the 2nd and simply repeat this fact to them. I initially thought it was a scam! But when I called Hertz's claim department, they told me that yes, Hertz has my name listed on this incident report. In fact, the rep was downright accusatory, even though I have President's Circle status with the rewards program and have been an exemplary customer. Are you sure it’s actually Hertz? That sounds scammy 