  So I live in Virginia. My wife an I signed a lease together almost a year ago. Well she moved out with my son about last November and took a lot of her stuff with her. I have recently removed her from the lease with her approval and has already taken effect. Tensions have been high between us and a lot of trust issues. Needles to say she plans to come up soon to grab the rest of her stuff that she has previously not really cared about. I’m in the military and have one duty day a week ( work a 24 hour shift) where I can’t leave work. She is trying to figure out what that day is so she can come over and get her stuff with out me present which obviously makes me uncomfortable. Iv presented the idea of having a police officer present while I’m there and she seems open to the idea but I feel like she’s just telling me what I want to hear. I’m over all question is am I allowed to deny her entry to the townhome since she is not lease despite us being married? When there are threats of domestic violence or protective orders in place. Not just because two spouses are on the rocks and don’t trust each other. Cops do escorts routinely. Dude, I have already GRANTED you this in every single post. You keep ignoring that. And that is not just for over seas. As you can see by the SECOND provided link. I'll try one more time. The government provides BAH to lower enlisted soldiers for dependents, unless there is no government housign available. In a case like yours, where you were an e2, e3,e4 whatever, and lost dependent status, the government found it in their best interest to pay you the BAH rate without dependents for your rank and split there difference. BAH-DIFF. But it is NOT FUCKING COMMON to allow e2's to live off post with NO dependents. [\_types.aspx]() [\_ereport/2017/october\_2017/calculating\_child\_support\_military\_servicemembers/]() . If government furnished housing is available, a service member may not receive a BAH payment or will received a reduced BAH payment. The part you highlighted is for overseas travel. I know you don’t want to believe this, but BAH has two rates for a reason. I would encourage you to read the pay regs and not the travel regs. \ -2. I am not arguing against this. You get BAH for basically TWO reasons, you have dependents, or you are E6 and above. All officers either get on post housing or BAH regardless of dependent status. I am sure you can find scenarios that this doesn't apply to, such as when traveling, temporary duty stations, and so on. BAH is not for the member if dependents are involved. It is NOT if you are E5 and below. Itis for dependents. Otherwise, as an E5 and below, you would live in the damned barracks unless there is no more space for you. In your case, the government decided it was in their best interest to allow you to stay in off post housing after the divorce and losing your dependency status. You're rate changed, unlike mine which remained the same. This is why you were paid the difference. But it is NOT typical to allow lower enlisted soldiers to stay in off post housing after a divorce with no dependents if government housing can be provided. []() 1. Who is eligible for BAH? A member assigned to permanent duty within the 50 United States, who is not furnished Gov't housing, is eligible for BAH, based on the member's rank, dependency status, and permanent duty station zip code. A member stationed overseas (except in Hawaii and Alaska), including U.S. territories and possessions, who is not furnished Gov't housing, is eligible for an Overseas Housing Allowance (OHA) based on the member's dependency status. If a member with dependents (except for a member paying child support) is serving an unaccompanied overseas tour, the member is eligible for BAH at the with-dependent rate, based on the dependent's U.S. residence zip code, plus FSH at the OCONUS PDS, if the member is not provided Gov't housing overseas. Amazingly enough, I had BAH with dependents when I was an E-2. Long before I made E-6. Never lived on a base. Never had base housing. Wife left and took the kid. Only thing she was allowed was the difference. BAH is for the member. With dependents is for the dependents. Joint custody would entitle you to BAH with dependents (her having no share of this)as you are expected to maintain domicile for the child. I’m not sure who JAG and your unit were fighting with over this. A solider gets BAH solely for dependents unless they are E6 above or an officer and live off post. If BAH was provided for housing for his/her spouse and children, then the dependents are entitled to all of it. Your dependents have the rights to the BAH, not you as the soldier. []() I've been through this, I know exactly what I am talking about. However, JAG and my unit fought this all the way and she never got any of it because I had joint custody with her and they considered our child the dependent. She can’t get all of the BAH, only the difference between with and without dependents. Change locks, give key to management. Tell them DO NOT let her in and request if she shows up to notify you and the police. If shes not on the lease, she is not a tenant and has no rights to the property. Unlike a home, where it may be considered communal property, renting does not work this way. However, if you are getting BAH/BAS for her, she can demand from J.A.G/DFAS that she is entitled to ALL of it, since you get it for depedents. I suggest getting a judge to order her out of the apartment. I was in a similar situation. Military, divorce, etc. I changed the locks, gave keys to management, told them to call EOC or my unit if she showed up and I would be there with police. We went to court and the judge ordered her out of the apartment since she abandoned it. I took that to the leasing manager and removed her from the lease as well as further proof they cannot legally allow her to enter. You cannot however keep her from getting her property. If she has any, it may be better to collect all of it and put it in the a box and leave it at the front door. But you can require police be there. She either goes when you're there to supervise, or she doesn't get entry. Simple. If she isn’t on the lease she has no right to enter the property. As an FYI, the cops are highly unlikely to have time to do an escort.