 So I’m not sure if there is any way to solve this or if I am just SOL. I ordered a package from Etsy and today got notification that it was delivered nd the notification says “left in mailbox”. It was delivered by USPS. However, in the email it has the wrong apartment number. Therefore I believe the package was left in someone else’s mailbox. I left a note on the apartment door and the apartment mailbox and left a post on our complex’s Facebook page. On the FB someone informed me that that particular unit might be an air BnB. Therefore I have no idea how to contact the owner or if the owner even is around or how to get my package back!! It was just a shirt but it cost $40 and I’m a student so I’m broke. It has my name on it and I can show ID and also show the email confirming I bought it. If I happen to see the mailman down there, is he allowed to give me the package? I don’t know what else to do at this point because I know federal law involving mail is pretty strict. Thank you in advance!! Was there a confirmation email generated automatically when you ordered? Which address was on that? I’m not sure...it could have definitely been my mistake but I checked out as a guest on Etsy so I don’t have a log in to check. However the difference in the number on the USPS “delivered” email and my actual number is quite vast, for example it isn’t like 201 was accidentally put as 202, it’s like my place is 201 but it was delivered to 347. So a mistype on my part seems less likely? I am not sure though of course I am human and make mistakes!! I will give the owner of the mailbox some time to hopefully contact me and if not I will contact the seller and see if it was me that made the mistake!  I’m not sure...I chose to check out as a guest on Etsy so I don’t have a log in to check or anything and the “delivered” notification was on USPS tracking information. It could have been my mistake for all I know, but the difference between the number there and my actual number is quite vast...for example it’s not just 201 accidentally delivered to 202, it’s like if 201 was accidentally delivered to 347, so a mistype seems less likely? But again it definitely could have been my mistake I’m just not sure. I will definitely write a note for my own mailbox, that is a good idea, thank you!  Well they are locked boxes but either way I definitely wasn’t planning on just opening it and taking it! I have tried to contact the owner but I am just worried if it IS an air bnb that the owner might not ever actually be there so they might not see my notes. Thank you for the information about the sellers onus. I will give the owner some time to see my notes hopefully and if not I will contact the seller!  This is not a super rare situation. Easiest way to deal with it would be just to meet the mail carrier with your ID. You can also leave a note on the outside of your box explaining what happened (a note inside your own box, or in the outgoing mail is liable to not be noticed). If for whatever reason this doesn’t work call your local station.  Was the wrong apartment number in the email because you gave the wrong apartment number or because the seller put the wrong apartment number?  You cannot legally go into someone else's mail and take something that was incorrectly delivered to you. However, you can (as you have done) try to get in touch with the owner and have them give it to you. 99% of the time, you're dealing with a reasonable human being, in which case there is no problem. If you are unfortunate enough to encounter an asshole, you're still not out of luck. The onus is on the seller to deliver it to you. You would do the same thing if the package was lost somewhere along the way; get in touch with the supplier, let them know they've failed to deliver what you ordered, and they should send you a new one.