 To get this out of the way, I'm in the US. Currently Indiana but moving to Wisconsin in the nearish (within 6 months probably) future. I know Social Security is federal but I figured I'd give my state(s) anyway. Also, I am 23 (24 next month) so I don't need her consent for anything. I'm receiving benefits for a mental disorder so if I tried to be my own payee they would reopen my case. I'm wanting to transfer my payee status from my mom to my boyfriend for now because it would be faster than trying to become my own payee under the circumstances. I'll clarify more in a few paragraphs. For the moment, just know that I can't do anything with my finances until she is no longer my rep, as whoever is in charge of my benefits will not talk to me without my rep present. When I moved into my apartment in February 2017, I called to inform them and they said they needed my rep to tell them this so I was underpaid by $250 a month until this month (January 2019 was the first check I got for the full amount) because my mother couldn't be bothered to call until last month. I made a post earlier today about my narcissistic, controlling mother not allowing me access to money that is rightfully mine. You can find that here: Because of this incident, I have decided to remove her as my payee for Social Security, as I want as little to do with her as possible. I have a few questions about it. 1. I know that I can transfer the payee from her to someone else (in this case, my boyfriend), but I saw that something that said my next check will go to my new payee unless there are unforeseen circumstances. If I go to the Social Security office on Monday (January 28th) and my next check comes on February 1st, will that one go to my other payee or, since it's so close to February anyway, will my mother still be my rep until March 1st? 2. Follow-up question: if she will remain my payee until then, do I have any other options? Is it possible to do an emergency transfer or anything? I don't know that I can deal with her having any sort of power over my finances for that long but I also know that there's a decent chance if I closed the joint bank account we share (I already asked, and I can definitely do that without her there) before they transfer that they won't talk to me if I tell them I got new banking info. 3. My mother was assigned to be my payee by the SS office when I started receiving benefits because at the time I lived with her. I live alone at this point and I'm moving in with my boyfriend soon (when we go to Wisconsin). I saw that you need to give an 'adequate reason' to get a new payee if the one you have was assigned at the time by your SS Office case manager (I'm not sure if that's the correct term; I'm talking about the person at the office who handles my case). I really would rather not bring up the fact that she is abusive because there is a minor living in her house and I'm not sure if the case manager is a mandated reporter or not. I really do not want my siblings involved in this if I can help it (not to mention I don't know if they were ever abused or if it was just me). This is not their fight and I would prefer to leave them out of it. Will I NEED to bring it up or would my original reason given (which is part of it) be good enough? I don't think anything would come of it but I'm sure it would be a headache. 4. How long will this take? Best case scenario and worst case. I'm going to assume I need to set up a new bank account first so on Monday I'll probably go to a bank first (Likely a different bank, as my bank is local to the area and there are no branches anywhere near Wisconsin) and then the Social Security office. Assuming all goes well, what is the fastest I could have it done? Thanks in advance for the answers. I figure if this doesn't help I'll try to find an attorney who will give me advice but thought I would try here since everything is closed.