 Hello all, tonight I made a mistake. I am 20 years old and turn 21 in a few months. I've had a fake I'd since freshman year of college and I decided to have a few drinks with some friends who are all over 21. They all wanted to take me to the casino. Since I had a few drinks in me it sounded like a good idea. When we were trying to get in my ID wouldn't scan (go figure). So a guy with a badge walks up and pulls me aside to question me. He told me that he ran the numbers on my ID and it was fake. He told me if I kept on lying he would send me and all my friends to jail on the spot. I confessed and gave him my real ID, and he took a photo of it next to the fake. He confiscated my fake, banned all of us for life from the casino, and told me I would get a letter in the mail with a court date. I've never been caught doing anything wrong in my life, so I don't know what to do. I hope I can get off easy, since I am in my last semester in college, and I have a really nice job. Any advice on what I should do would be greatly appreciated. P.S Is there any chance I could plead insanity? I have been suicidal since I was about 13, and have wrote suicidal thoughts in a journal for about a year and a half. Just wondering if I could use that to get off a little easier.(State of Ohio btw) He's a security guard. He doesnt want to send you to jail.  Nonlegal advice, for a young person with depression or suicidal ideation: Getting caught with a fake ID is not the end of the world. While it's become more serious in the post-9/11 world, it's not the kind of offense that employers are going to be worried you're going to commit at work.  [...] and told me I would get a letter in the mail with a court date. My guess is that this was a casino security officer, since he made threats like "sending you all to jail on the spot" (a sworn police officer would simply arrest you) and felt comfortable giving you an instruction that you were banned from the casino for life (which a sworn police officer cannot do). While I'm not directly familiar with Ohio's practices, in general if you're going to be charged with possession of something (like a fake ID) then a police officer needs to witness you in possession of that thing. A photo of two IDs is better evidence than none at all, but it does not prove that YOU possessed the ID, only that at some point the security guard did. While his testimony is not useless, it does not have the same presumption of truth that the testimony of a police officer would. So either he was simply making another baseless threat, or he's really going to swear out a complaint. I'll give you this: if he throws you out and confiscates your ID and does nothing else, he's done his job in protecting the casino's interests in not allowing underage patrons. Everything else is extra work for him. You were not the first drunk underage person he dealt with that night. Unless you were an amazing asshole, he's already forgotten your name. Some states have gaming commission agents located on site in casinos, and they are real law enforcement officers. They wouldn't be nervous dealing with you. Why should you get off easy just because you are in your last year of school and have a good job? GTFO with all that. You fucked up. You should get treated as anyone else would. And plead insanity? You knew exactly what you were doing and that it was wrong. Tough titties kid.  You can't realistically plead insanity for using a fake ID at a casino. Yea man I think he's full of shit. I can imagine that tons of people try to get in with fake IDs all the time, I'm sure the casino has bigger things to worry about than fake IDs and I'm sure they don't want to waste money trying to lock people up for something so silly. I felt the same. He seemed really shakey and nurvous when he confronted me. I'm pretty sure his badge said "casino security" and not police, even though he told me he was police. I just regret not grabbing my ID and running tbh. I still don't know if I made the right decision by confessing. I think he's just trying to scare you tbh. I wouldn't worry.  Insanity defense is extremely unlikely to be a viable option here, and being suicidal doesn’t demonstrate that you are insane anyway. Contact a criminal defense attorney in your area ASAP. For low-level offenses like this, District Attorneys will often offer you pre-trial diversion, especially if this is your first offense. Basically this means you’ll be allowed to get the charges dropped if you do some community service, pay some fines, etc. A local attorney will know if this is possible in your county and may also be able to help you convince the District Attorney to offer you that option. If they do file charges and you get convicted, it’s not the end of the world. Most employers aren’t going to be particularly picky about such a mundane crime. And you will probably be eligible to expunge your record after a few years (again, ask a local attorney about specifics on that process). Your bad judgement is not an insanity defense. You had obtained a fake ID, knowing full and well what it would mean if you got caught and proceeded to use it/have on your person for multiple years is a clear indication of clarity of mind and intent; an insanity defense would be laughed out of court and could incur harsher punishments to send a message. Not to mention, it makes a continued mockery of actual insanity defenses. I suggest you start seeking a defense lawyer in your area and pronto. If you're lucky the charges may be plead down if this is your first offense to not hinder your future but fraud particularly is pretty serious.  Any time you're faced with criminal charges it's always a good idea to talk to a lawyer. Absolutely none. Hire a criminal defense attorney. No, you can't plead insanity.