 Hi r/legaladvice, first time poster here, please be kind! After almost 9 years with a company, I was laid off the week before Christmas. Though "employed" we were told to not return that day, and our official term date was described as following the New Year (1/2). I reviewed and signed on time the mandated paperwork, which included a provision for "bridging" payments (aka severance) being paid out for the next 9 weeks per the standard pay period cycle (the 15th and last day of each month). Now, I should note that in my 9 years employed, there have never been any issues of payment in the past. Fast forward to this week, and the 15th comes along with no payment or direct deposit. The new payment processor website shows my (incorrectly calculated) bridging payment stub for payment on the 15th. After checking repeatedly with HR and Payroll, I was finally told that the new payment processor is having issues with some employees company wide and direction deposit. Effectively, I was told to look out for a paper check which should arrive either on the 15th or 16th to my address. It's will now be the 17th, and no checks or deposits have been issued or delivered, with no ETA on when it is being resolved. HR and Payroll have been less than communicative about the status, updates or what they're doing to resolve this, and frankly I am steamed beyond belief. For reference, I work in a satellite office and HQ is another major US city, so there isn't a local Payroll department. So, r/legaladvice, I am asking if I in a position to write a letter/email to them that notes: Kindly note to them that is is now 48 hours past the regularly scheduled pay period without any pay, and the company has failed to provide the deliverables of the paperwork/agreement AND Demand the full severance amount (corrected for vacation days, reimbursements, deductions) to be issued to be immediately either by overnight check or direct deposit? Does 48 hours constitute failure to pay in a timely manner? Has the company violated the separation terms/agreement? Or is there something I'm missing here. Any feedback, thoughts or suggestions are welcome and appreciated. 