 Shortened this to make it a little more readable. Seven months ago my sister, Janice, and her boyfriend, jerkwad, of a year announced they were getting married. Most everyone in the family was happy for them. Janice has gone through some hard times recently and has been on the rebound from a pretty nasty addiction over the past 4 years. She met her boyfriend after finishing a stint in rehab and they both seemed to be doing well. They moved in with me 10 months ago after getting out of the halfway house. My house has some extra rooms, and I felt it was good to give them some space to get established. They both managed to get a job at a local lab doing some basic testing and diagnostic work on specimens. Jerkwad had an old beater car that they both rode in to work and around town. Jerkwad and my sister announced they were getting married on Facebook. As they seemed to be doing well, 3 months ago, I gave Janice a 2015 Nissan Altima with about 60,000 miles on it that I had bought outright from a lease I had on it. I was doing well enough and had a new Volvo on a lease, and my wife was happy with her car. I told Janice this was a gift to celebrate her upcoming wedding as I thought she was finally on the right track. The car should help Janice and jerkwad in what was supposed to be a happy married life. Things seemed alright for a month or two afterwards, but I just learned from a friend that the fiance has been cheating on Janice. Apparently, he’s been going behind her back at the lab with some other chick and he has moved out this past week. My sister told me yesterday that she’s going to quit her job next week at the lab and move to Arizona where one of her old pre-rehab buddies lives to work there. I can’t get out of her what her job is going to be there. I want her to stay, but she won’t listen. Can I reclaim the car here in North Carolina? I gave her the title transfer, but I want to take it back. Can I sue her to get the title back since I don’t think the car should go to Arizona? I don’t think she should have a $15,000 car if she’s just gonna fall back in with her old friends. Yet I gave the gift on the condition they get married. They aren't getting married and the condition can't be met. Therefore I should get the car back. Yet I gave this car on the condition that they get married. I don't see why I can't get the conditional gift back? If you wanted the gift to be conditional upon marriage, you should've retained the title until after the ceremony had occurred. You didn't. You gifted the car to her, it is now hers. You have no right or standing to try and recover it and you'll be wasting everyone's time by trying to take this to court.  Engagement rings specifically are conditional gifts. You ex-car isn't.  Everyone in this post has said the same thing. Yet you continue to argue, and use phrases such as "my car". OP you do not want advice. You want people to agree with you. Nobody is. Your weak argument for reclaiming your "gift" is a legal article about ownership of engagement rings. Either accept what's been said or lawyer up. This is an article about the return of engagement rings, as these are a gift forming part of an agreement between two couples to wed. Your gift came with no agreements. You were not entering a marriage contract. You read a Facebook post and bought someone a gift. Go see your lawyer. You're fishing for a response that you won't get from me. I think according to this I can get my car back. http://ipjournal.law.wfu.edu/2014/12/rules-of-engagement-state-law-and-the-presumption-of-the-wedding-ring-gift/ You're not after advice. You're after someone to agree with you. I feel for you my friend. I can't help you any further than I have. That part of it yes, however I went through full divorce proceedings. They were never even married, so this lawsuit you are expecting would mostly be hurting your pocketbooks more than just accepting the fact that you are without a paddle on this one. Did the court throw out your lawsuit? He won't have any luck, having been through the situation myself. The only possibility would be if he was still paying on it, and even then because it's technically hers, the payment would just transfer to her name. You both are fighting a losing battle, hate to break it to you.  She hasn't given it back yet. He just told me that he was going to sue her for the ring since I am trying to get the car back from both of them since they put it in their name. She gave it back, it was her right to keep it if she wanted. Sounds like you need to think twice before 'gifting' anything. If jerkwad can get the ring back from her, why can't I get the car back? If jerkwad can get his ring back from her, why can't I get the car back? You can't, unless she gifts it back to you, which from the sounds of it, won't happen. I'm aware of that right now. I just want to know the process on how to get it back. Unfortunately it is not your car.  I'm not trying to control her, I just want my car back. "Originally" in your name. Not any more it isn't. It's hers. You took a gamble on someone with a long history of bad decisions, and you lost I understand giving the gift now was a bit dumb. Yet I think since they were engaged at the time and I told them both I was giving them the gift so they could get married I should be able to get it back now. They've called off the wedding in April. The boyfriend is out of the house and Janice is leaving next week. I'm afraid if I don't file a suit tomorrow to pull back this car, it's going to be gone. I think since they called the wedding off I should be able to take back the car. Sorry to hear that. Fraud occurs where someone presents false information to obtain a benefit. For instance, if I faked a debilitating injury to obtain disability benefits that would be fraud. You haven't been defrauded. You made a poor and ill-informed choice on your own. Of your own accord, and apparently without any version, you gifted a car. Were they even engaged? If I gave you a car right now because I felt bad and it turned out you were lying or misinformed it would not be fraud. This is something you're going to have to settle civilly with your family. There is a saying "nice guys finish last". I disagree with it. I do however see why people believe it. Your decision was extremely sweet and equally foolhardy. Learn and be wise friend. The boyfriend told me about their plans to get married and my sister was all on board. This was her first marriage and I wanted to do something special for her (and him at the time.) I think since they're not getting married I should be able to get the car back. Especially since the jerkwad is off with some skank and my sister can't get her act together now. I feel like I've been defrauded. Well the car was originally in my name, can I bring the title in to say I want it back? I think I have some texts somewhere that mention the car and her wedding. We text back and forth alot. Can I take the texts to court to show she's only supposed to have this car if she gets married? She has every right to sell it. It belongs to her. Gifts are not tools to control other people’s behavior. Ouch..... well if it was in writing yes. Verbal I don't believe so because yes you did add a condition, but considering you transferred the car title off without stating why.... on legal paper. You pretty much just gave it away for free to your sister. How come you didn't just let her drive the car under you name completely reasonable since she's your sister and she was living under your roof. I don't think there's nothing you can do. Maybe hold off for more comments rather than panicking  Haha. No. You have no standing there. But that's creative Can I sue the boyfriend for fraud in saying he was going to marry my sister? I should add that when I was driving Janice and jerkwad to get the car titled, I told them this was for their wedding. Since jerkwad is out of the picture and I need Janice to stay on the straight and narrow its imperative that she not have this car to drive to Arizona. I think she might sell it to get more cash.  [removed] The only thing you can do at this point is talk to your sister and explain to her "wedding....not happening.... give my shit back"  Once you give a gift you relinquish control over it. I suppose you could steal it /s No. You gifted them the car and your claim of right to it is unreasonable. Are you sure? I told the boyfriend it was for the wedding. I cant let them keep it. It was a gift. Too late now. 