 My SO asked via email if the practice could reschedule her appointment as she was due to take a mammogram. Somehow, the psychiatrist replied to the admin and cc'd my wife. The psychiatrist wrote: ... there aren’t a lot of options for deferring the spot you can tell her so. She’s one who is ambivalent about treatment. everything else in her life. I’m sorry. While it doesn't seem like much on the surface, the "she's the one who is ambivalent about treatment... everything else in her life" comment from her own psychiatrist has thrown my wife for a loop. She trusted her psych. She had been seeing her for almost 2 years. That trust is now broken, she feels betrayed and she's unlikely to trust another. In spite of this, she is now searching for another psychiatrist and is anxious about potentially being off her meds during the search. Again, her ability to trust another has taken a massive hit as you might imagine, so it will be some time before she finds someone she can be comfortable with. Any advice on actions we can take here? Seems unlikely that there is legal action here but this seems to be at least a breach of ethics that is worth communicating to the APA or some other group. Thoughts? (Was originally discussed in r/Antipsychiatry) Thank you. This definitely isn’t too harsh.  I just feel that unless you were present in the consultations, you won't know the half of what has been discussed with SO. Perhaps thought provoking information, such as what was discussed bw psych and admin, has been weaved into discussions during sessions but a) SO hasn't understood the necessity of touching on these, B) SO refuses to discuss or address this or C) another result. I wouldn't be taking SO's POV as gold, nor would I be 100% skeptical of psych either. Two different people with two differing roles and they could well perceive information vastly different. I don't want this post to sound harsh, I do not intend any malice, I just feel that sometimes information can be vastly misconstrued, especially when opinions of health professionals are revealed. They cannot be as forthcoming with their opinion due to rules of the industry. Therapy is a long process. Chances are, the issue didn't arise overnight, so it won't be solved overnight. I hope your SO can find solace in another therapist who she feels is more suited her personal case. I wish her stellar health and speedy recovery.  When our patients became our customers, we no longer practiced medicine. Now we're retail workers with fancy items. Feelings . I don't think it's that a PCP can't prescribe certain psych drugs, but rather that many won't, for liability reasons.  I don’t disagree in the slightest. I am trying to speak from a place of humility and accountability, not superiority. I say “I’d be in hot water” from personal experience! How much trouble this sort of fuckup ultimately gets you in is mostly about how your respond when it’s pointed out, not how objectively damaging it is. Quite possibly, the provider feels lousy and would simply say as much and be trusted to have learned the lesson. Sometimes, a provider is defensive or denies the potential to harm which reveals a more important problem. OP is correct to perceive the damage done and wish to seek remedy, and should do so through the provider and/or their licensure/employer. “No one gets in trouble” could still be an excellent outcome for everyone if it can resolve the breach in trust and improve practice. I’m not trying to say that provider should get screwed over, just affirming their responsibility towards OP. I haven't found a source. Maybe my PCP isn't comfortable (understandably) with diagnosing and/or treating severe mental illness. Sorry my answer wasn’t clear. You’re correct. I should have added that a psychiatrist is only a part of the solution. A psychologist will be extremely helpful.  Psychiatrists don't talk about things or such. That's therapy or psychology. Psychiatrists generally diagnose and prescribe medicine. 15 mins in and out in every one I've been to. Do you have a source for this? PCP's can legally perscribe pretty much anything and I always end up using mine since every psychiatrist I've tried is a Southern nutjob. Judging by your wife's (over) reaction to being called ambivalent, my guess is that this has been brought up in much politer language during her treatment before, probably multiple times. She is acting exactly like someone who is ambivalent about treatment would do. I know because my husband's mental illness creates these kind of mind games too. I know that he - mostly unconsciously - "changes" or avoids parts of the treatment plans that he gets from his therapist sometimes to suit what is convenient for his mental illness (make it easier for him to keep living as he is without actual mental health changes). He is incredibly ambivalent and reacts as your wife does when told that by his therapist - with avoidance and defensiveness. I have a feeling that it may be what happened with your wife as well. My guess is she's been told previously but coached in kinder and more professional terms that she's not taking enough of an active role in her treatment and that is a hard thing to deal with because it means your mental illness not only isn't getting better but you're going to have to continue doing more work to get to the point. Mental avoidance of that issue is very common.  And when it comes to those strong controlled things, like Adderall, they will sometimes prescribe them if you have been on them long term and don't have a psychiatrist in the area yet or can't afford one.  This gets lost on so many people. Meds are only a part of the equation. Talking it out and understanding the root cause really gives someone the power to change their lives. I went to a psychiatrist in college and when I moved, I found a primary care doc that would prescribe what I needed. Primary Care docs do it all the time. They may be hesitant to prescribe strong prescriptions, but there was no qualms about Lexapro and Wellbutrin.  And the staff of a psychiatrist's office sees PHI every fucking day, you nitwit. There is no reason to see a psych if the pcp will fill them, particularly since she's been going for 2 years. A therapist plus those meds would be better. If she needs to change medication or the meds stop working, then you need a new psych. A psychiatrist typically doesn't do therapy, but prescribes medications instead within a 15-25 (maybe 30) minute window. The thing about noshows is they always carry a heavy fee. One that is cash and doesn't go through insurance, which costs more to do because someone has to submit the claim and follow up on it because insurance companies have a nasty habit of delaying payment orb only paying at a certain tinepoint during the week or month, and the amount can vary from person to person. On top of that, and I don't mean to disparage psychiatrists, but they aren't therapists. They spend a decent amount of time with the patient within the first couple appointments, then they drop to 15-20 minutes per session and only focus on drug maintenance (which is there job of course), however they are making about $100-300 dollars for that short span of time. Given your wife's strong negative reaction to the comment, the psychiatrist may have realized that she wasn't ready for this particular issue to be explicitly addressed in session. The comment was rude and unprofessional, but I don't think it necessarily implies negligent treatment during appointments. Every practitioner is going to deliver treatment a little bit differently, and every patient has different needs. Some patients respond well to blunt observations and frank discussions about sensitive issues, and other patients need a more delicate approach. This concerns a psychiatrist rather than a psychologist or therapist, and I wonder if mismatched expectations are part of the problem. A psychiatrist is a medical doctor who diagnoses mental illness and prescribes treatment, primarily in the form of medication. Some psychiatrists offer both medical treatment and talk therapy, but this is not the norm and certainly not a given. In an earlier comment, you wrote: “listen, listen, make concerned expression ok let me get you on &lt;mental health drug x . See you next week?” This is not an unusual visit between a psychiatrist and a long-time patient. They listen to concerns and symptoms, they prescribe drugs and adjust dosages accordingly, and they arrange for a follow-up visit. Weekly would be unusually frequent for a visit of this nature, unless perhaps the patient is starting a new medication or experiencing severe symptoms that require closer monitoring. I see a psychiatrist myself, and unless my mental health has changed significantly since our last appointment, what you described is routine. I would not expect my psychiatrist to bring up an issue like avoidance unless he needed more information about it in order to prescribe appropriate medication OR he wanted to refer me to another provider for talk therapy because he did not believe medication would suffice to resolve it. If your wife is looking for therapy with someone who will help her analyze and discuss psychological issues like avoidance, she should see an appropriate practitioner for this form of treatment (in addition to a psychiatrist who can manage her medication). Her psychiatrist, or her GP if she's not comfortable going back, can probably recommend someone if she asks. Finding a practitioner who's a good fit and communicating your personal goals for treatment are incredibly important parts of successfully managing mental illness. Unfortunately, both of these can difficult to do, particularly for patients who experience anxiety. Encourage her to keep at it - it's rare to find a compatible psychiatrist or therapist on the first try. Don't comment on topics on which you don't haven the most basic understanding of. Seriously cursory google search is all it would take for you to understand how to spot the difference between encrypted and unencrypted messages in gmail and what the difference is between a compliant service from gmail and a standard gmail account. oh absolutely. We don't have enough facts. If the patient has a history of canceling then frustration will mount. No-shows are common in psychiatry and psychiatrists can tell those actively involved in their treatment or not -- hence the term "ambivalent". Doctors aren't required to reschedule you but if there's a legitimate reason and with enough notice then it's a worthwhile endeavor. agree that the language was unprofessional, but the "aren't a lot of options" line suggests that the psychiatrist is mostly booked up for the near future, not that they won't reschedule. Psychiatrist appointments are usually an hour long, and you can't "add on" a quick urgent visit the way you can overbook a primary care doctor to see an extra patient with an earache. I'm surprised that it wasn't easier for the GF to reschedule the mammogram, which are usually fast in-and-out visits.  IANAL, but I am a social worker. I'm so sorry that happened. I agree that there's not much you can do and the licensing bodies probably won't do much if you report her for causing distress to your wife. With that said, I would hit "Reply ALL" on that email and very pointedly let them know you guys received the email in error, that it was very distressing and disorienting to your wife, you are angry, and that it was unacceptable for someone who claims to be in the helping profession to send something like that to a patient. I'd guess not much will happen that you will see, BUT, she'll get a talking to by the office manager/her boss, I'm sure. I can also tell you as a mental health professional, we send so many emails and do so much communication...she probably has no idea she has made this mistake. Once she realizes that she sent that on accident and the patient saw it and it caused complete distress....she will feel TERRIBLE. Absolutely mortified. Guaranteed. We go into this field to help people, even psychiatrists, and you have a teaching moment on your hands here to really get her attention that she needs to be more careful about this type of thing. Is that your responsibility? No, its not. But you can choose to use your wife's pain for the greater good in this situation, and it may help her feel like she got a little bit of her control back.  In charts. Not emailed to the patient.  how do you know she hasn't? How do you know the psychiatrist hasn't used careful, polite language to indicate to the patient that she is not engaged in her own care? I know all sorts of patients and they are phenomenal at dodging responsibility for their own diseases or blocking out things the doctor says that make them sad. I don't know how many times will you remind people to take their medications and they don't and then bad things happen and the patients blame us.  Maybe the doctor is recognizing that it's more likely this patient will stand him up and caused him to lose money and door the ability to care for other patients. The doctor is not under any obligation to reschedule a patient. In fact, doctors have one hundred percent legal right to fire a patient if similar practitioners are available nearby. Long story short, if you cross the psychiatrist money and don't seem engaged in your care, the psychiatrist has no obligation to continue seeing you.  In other words, you want practitioners to lie, understate, and hide the truth so their patients aren't sad. That leads to sub-optimal care. If a doctor can't be honest, and the word ambivalent is not harmful, the doctor is not doing his job. Oversensitive snowflake patients need to get over the fact that their doctors may not like what they're doing or even who they are. What now? Getting mad when a nephrology says that the patient has a terrible prognosis? Maybe the doctor should be lying in his notes to say that everything will be fine even though the person is in complete renal failure.  absolutely not. We write things like that all the time in charts. It is not insulting or unprofessional to use the word ambivalent. It is a descriptor. You people are getting very mad because you don't like it that doctor say bad things about you, or rather, you perceive the doctors as being anything less than 100% supportive of whatever you do, regardless of how you do. we have said that and worse in charts. I always think of getting up on the stand and defending what I say. I would happily defend calling someone in my care ambivalent if that person were.  which is not something that will get the person fired. I can assure you that youhave fucked up in your job/will fuck up in ways that probably will do more damage than making one person sad.  I also work in the field, and I can’t believe how many downvotes you’re getting when you’re absolutely correct. This is not how providers should ever be speaking about their clients and it does not meet the industry standard of patient-centered care. If there are concerns about ambivalence to treatment/in general, those need to be brought up in a compassionate way with the client themselves or in another appropriate forum (i.e. team meeting) towards the purpose of benefiting the client’s treatment - certainly not in an email to an admin (aka the office secretary) about rescheduling an appointment to address another medical concern. Using this kind of blatantly dismissive, disdainful, and overly-generalizing language about a client, in a context where it was absolutely unnecessary to bring up any concerns about ambivalence no less, does nothing whatsoever to benefit the client and only serves to foster a professional environment in which it is okay to outright deride clients behind their backs. It may not be legally or ethically actionable, but it certainly does not meet standards of care to be talking about clients in this way in an email to the fucking office secretary about rescheduling an appointment. It would feel very judgmental to me if I were the patient and knowing the therapist and their staff are basically rolling their eyes at me would hurt my feelings a lot. Obviously it happens but I don't think it's fair to fault OP's SO for feeling backstabbed a little bit. Because it’s a waste of everyone’s time and doctors talk Spite reporting will have them mention it to the new psych when they hand over their files  You are most likely right. I’m glad you responded. I was just trying point out all of that concepts like ‘irresponsible use’ is just huge grey area and it becomes very subjective. I’ve asked several hipaa experts whether shared key wireless is prohibited and have gotten several answers because somewhere it states encryption should be unique to a client... good stuff thanks  The only humiliating part is that this was posted on LA. Probably did if OP is the emergency contact. Sigh. I knew I shouldn't have jumped in. Encryption is not mandated. It is recommended. Which the link I provided demonstrates. On it's own, using standard email is not a HIPAA violation. Irresponsible use of standard email can rise to the level of a violation. I prohibited it at the company whose compliance department I lead.  It’s not flat wrong. Like most of hipaa it’s vague and contradicts itself. The ending of that paragraph contradicts the beginning . It’s starts by saying unencrypted is ok, then says as long as you don’t say too much, then ends by referencing section saying patient data should be encrypted. It’s a vague concept designed to make providers always guilty if they choose.  Seriously curious why it’s a bad idea?  Thank you! I can’t believe the downvotes about what I and others said. What she said wasn’t cool.  I agree with this and I stated this earlier also. I know therapy sessions put the individual at points of vulnerability. Sometimes things can’t be discussed and other times it can be discussed for most of the session and the individual still won’t realize what the true issue is. That’s just how therapy works. I hope OP isn’t offended by that statement. You can’t force anything on anyone even in 2 year or 10 year span. It’s just not how it works.  IANAL, but I work in mental health. I don't want to say too much since it's not law related and go off topic, but it can take MANY years for a patient to come to terms with their own hangups. It's quite possible he does discuss these matters in her therapy session but she's still not ready or she doesn't have the self awareness that she struggles with this. It may not be his therapy style to be blunt with her and say face to face 'you are ambivalent about everything' but instead to help guide her to self actualization.  Was your wife cc'd in the email the admin sent to the psych? It sounds like they were including her in the conversation. The psych wanted her to know why she wasnt willing to reschedule at this point. If I am very busy and I dont have a lot of open slots I am going to use those slots for people I feel like are connected to their treatment. I'd also be honest with the client and tell them why I wasnt able to reschedule. Check ASAP. There are certain medications they can't fill (certain anti-psychotics, stuff for severe mental illness). I no longer see a psychiatrist as my primary care doctor fills my prescriptions, but I still go to therapy. This is flat out wrong. Secondly, please link a single enforcement action by a state or the OCR for use of email.  LAOP posted a screenshot in the other subreddit, psychiatrist office also uses gmail. Wtf  In all honesty, the language is unprofessional especially the part of the "everything else in her life". However, the most unprofessional aspect is that the doctor won't reschedule the appointment despite the legitimate reason to reschedule. Talking to a patient about a perceived attitude and helping them work on that attitude is more what a therapist does, not a psychiatrist.  Ah. Then it is not a breach of confidentiality, but remains a humiliating lapse in professionalism. Right, but does that make it okay or ethical? People get frustrated and burned out, sure, but this was totally unprofessional. Not saying it is illegal, but the attitude most people are taking is that that it “isn’t that bad”. Clearly this has significantly disrupted the relationship between the provider and client because the provider didn’t think about how their words might impact someone. It was totally unnecessary and avoidable.   Except the "snarky comment" was directly related to the illness that the patient was under the care of the clinician. That is the definition of a clinical note. It would be like referring to a patient as the one "that can't keep their shit in" if they had IBS, or "can't take care of their baby" if the patient had PPD. These are all observations made by the clinician about the illness or wellbeing of the patient and are all considered clinical notes when described in a file. The clinician then decided to use a clinical note as a shorthand within the clinic. This is discouraged because it may result in situations exactly as described by OP (but also by being overheard by someone who shouldn't hear it, being forwarded from the email to an outside source who shouldn't have it, etc...). It is well documented that mental illnesses, especially those measured by DASS (Depression, Anxiety, Stress Scale) can exhibit as the inability, or disinterest, in seeking medical care. It's why the comment was so damaging for OP's wife, because it reaffirmed her symptom of not wanting to seek treatment, and sometimes people who are discouraged from seeking treatment can really hurt themselves. Re, qualifications: I would ask the same about your qualifications. I recently went through a lengthy complaint process and peer review for the misconduct for a specialist I was seeing. My understanding on what is ethical is based on medical practitioners for Canada, and was taught to me extensively when I had to consent to have my statements used by the College of Physicians for the investigation. In my case, my specialist was censured for her actions and forced to go through patient conduct retraining.  As a mental health provider I'm strongly in the have a session and bring it up camp, it's clearly super bothersome to your wife and this is an opportunity to work and process those feelings  I think a more relevant example would be a doctor saying, “patient is ambivalence about weight because they don’t care about anything.” The statement about the patient being ambivalent may or may not be relevant but the additional comment is subjective and completely unprofessional. That is quite the assumption regarding unencrypted email (A laughable statement itself). There is 100% not enough information for you to determine if their system for email is HIPAA compliant. Google services have had options for years to utilize google apps for work for your business, while providing guidelines for HIPAA compliance. (a cursory google search can confirm this, and provide relevant documentation) Don't comment on topics which you don't even have the most basic understanding of. That is great advice that you should also follow ;^) That's not true - am mental health provider, giving context to front desk staff is not illegal.  Also reminder that ambivalent means having strong conflicting emotions regarding a topic. That's totally fair game to communicate with a client (I see this was not done in a therapeutic way, but that doesn't make it a crime). Also all mental health providers working in the same clinic consult and talk to each other about clients all the time, it's part of the job. I understand your wife's frustration but I think the best course of action is your wife bringing it up in session and talking about it/processing your wife's feelings. If the practice that the psychiatrist works at uses Gmail that in no way whatsoever means it's unencrypted. Businesses can use Gmail for their email provider and still have encryption services while having a private domain name as the email root. The email did not go to OP The above commenter is the first person I’ve seen ask about this - it was my question as well. More often than not, when seeing a psychiatrist, it is for the purpose of obtaining medication (I don’t mean that in a negative way, just want to make that clear), and the appointments are quick check-ins to see how the medications are working. They are literally billed as “med management” appointments. These are not therapy appointments. Most people who need therapy AND meds see a second kind of provider as well, (be it a psychologist, a social worker, a nurse practitioner, etc) for therapy. Your wife should most likely be seeing another provider in ADDITION to the med-prescribing psychiatrist. However, if she so chooses to stop seeing this psychiatrist (which I don’t necessarily recommend), she may want to look specifically for a Nurse Practitioner who does therapy AND prescribes meds. An NP who works “under the supervision” of a licensed and prescribing doctor (in the same practice) and has taken the necessary courses and training, is ALSO a licensed prescriber. There are NPs who’ve started out as therapists and moved into med management years later (my mother is actually one of these) and therefore have a more therapy-based approach. It’s worth looking into, but the bottom line is that your wife should be seeing a therapist for talk therapy as well as a psychiatrist for meds. Thank you! While I agree with most of your comment, it’s an important distinction that the psychiatrist crosses the line from a professional opinion to a personal judgement when she added the line, “and everything else in her life.” If someone you trusted with sensitive information and you expected to help you made a personal, negative judgement on your entire life it would be jarring. OP’s wife is entitled to feel hurt and look for a new mental health provider, even if she doesn’t have any legal options. It’s just a tired doctor annoyed someone canceled what’s almost certainly tight slots I’ve heard significantly worse even if it was a tad unprofessional  Thats not a professional opinion, it's sniping. Which isn't illegal. I am not a lawyer but as someone who got a diploma in this field, this is not a violation of literally anything we are taught. It is not a HIPAA violation, either. Unpleasant? Yes, very.  I never said it was malpractice. I’m simply Saying the therapist acted inappropriately and Op could report to the board if desired.  I have to ask are you a doctor? Have you done the required medical ethics units to make these claims? Because you’re reaching so hard for an ethical and/or negligence breach it’s comical They didn’t use clinical notes for anything, they made a snarky comment based on their opinion of the patients attitude towards treatment Also claiming that doctors are not held accountable or audited is patently false, At any given time I have at least six different organisations who would love to nail me to the wall for malpractice/malfeasance purely for their own prestige  That’s true it all come down to how vindictive the SO wants to be. My advice is to walk away, Even if this was a HIPAA violation though, OP's wife isn't entitled to damages here. They could report this as a possible violation, and her psychiatrist might face some kind of penalty for it, but OP won't gain anything from it. I don't know about malpractice, but if a clinican causes harm to their patient that is at least unethical. For many mental health issues, even just showing up to a clinician and taking medications are huge steps for them. Many patients have panic attacks just thinking about going to a clinician. Then for the clinician to belittle that effort to the patient (whether intended or not) is a serious harm to the patient, that may result in the patient not seeking further medical help directly due to the clinician's actions. Additionally, the only reason this got to the patient is because the clinician was using their clinical notes as shorthand within the clinic, for ease. That is very unprofessional, and that is partially because situations such as the OP described can result.  Well clinical notes are note about the illness or well being of the patient. "Not caring" is a common symptom of any number of mental health issues, including anxiety, depression, PTSD, etc... THe clinician's observance of this symptom is therefore directly related to the illness or wellbeing of the patient and a clinican note. So the clinician used clinical notes as a means to "short hand" to the administrator. Any other professional this would be considered highly unprofessional. If a Social Worker wrote in their notes that a mother, "seems only interested in doing drugs" that Social Worker would be chewed out when the case hits the judge. Just because medical clinicians are not often audited and reviewed by a separate body doesn't mean that they can be less professional in their notes or how they conduct themselves within the clinic.  Not necessarily. Was the message visibly encrypted? Did the SO have to go to a web portal to retrieve the msg? Probably not. If you pull the email message header in a message header reader you will probably see the message was sent over e-smtp or non-tls encrypted protocol at some point in its travel. Failing to encrypt any medical information in a transmission is a violation. They may have them on a technicality.  An off hand snarky comment to their admin is not clinical notes You’re really stretching interpretation of negligence  Accidentally hurting someone or their feelings does not constitute malpractice.  Negligence when attention is highly required could count as an ethics violation. It's reasonable to assume that a clinician should be careful with their clinical notes, and in this case I would argue that the clinician was not only NOT careful, the clinician was woefully negligent with their clinical notes.  Hipaa violation yes. Malpractice yes. I would argue an ethics violation requires intent.  You can still have an ethics violation due to an accident.  Honest mistakes are not unethical  If it is unethical to say to her face then it was unethical for her to find out by email. Even if it was a mistake the consequences matter.  In case anyone else hasn’t said it, you’re doing great at being supportive of her care. It’s always amazing to see someone going out of their way to support heir partner even when you can’t quite relate to exactly what she’s going through. I know it can get difficult. Please don’t ignore the stress these things can put on you as well.  Is it mal practice to give professional opinions to patients that may cause them harm? In Canada when you request your file, even from your GP, they just can’t photocopy the whole file and send it to you. A GP needs to sign off on it. When I asked about that I was told because the GP must censor their clinical notes to ensure that there is no statements that might reasonable harm the patient. In this case, telling a patient who is depressed that despite the patient’s actions to help themselves the clinician is not only passing judgement on those actions but in the person themselves? If this reveal of clinical notes causes harm then wouldn’t this fall into an issue of malpractice? It might not be worth suing over but it might be worth making a complaint.  Well, in the case of the OP, it’s written there in black and white, so we know it wasn’t written compassionately.  Agreed. There are posters on this subreddit who seem very offended by the suggestion that doctors can face sanction for this kind of thing, even when we are the ones saying it. Downvote away, but unless you go to med school and get taught different... even formal legal expertise does not make you an expert in our professional obligations. This is an objectively offensive response to a patient needing to reschedule due to cancer screening. Did OP’s wife sign a release allowing the provider to discuss details of her care with OP? Yes she does. Good suggestion.  Thank you. The model of seeing both psychiatrist and psychologist makes a lot of sense.  Thanks for your thoughts. Yep agree that my (in)ability to make effective analogies here may start to trivialize the complexity of the work. I like your suggestion of having my wife do one more session and I'm offering that as an idea to her.  I’ve had patients for five years that stubbornly refuse to face hard truths, I can work it into the conversation all I want, doesn’t mean they will listen and address  I would have figured that after 2 years, the topic of ambivalence may have been worked into the mix of issues during therapy. I appreciate your response though. I'm not sitting in these sessions and it's easy to jump to conclusions of malice when you're sitting on the sidelines.  How do you know they haven’t had that conversation in a compassionate way? This is not malpractice. There are plenty of mean and curt doctors out there... this is mild to say the least Is she seeing a psychologist as well? While there are psychiatrists that do appointments for therapy as well, the general practice I've seen is to make regular appointments for therapy with a psychologist, and then occasionally update with a psychiatrist for changes in medication. While I can't personally speak to the experience, several friends and family have seen both, and describe their psychiatrist appointments as often terse and lacking in depth: it's pretty much "how are you feeling since last time" and assessing whether the meds need adjustment. The psychiatrist isn't necessarily interested in your life story to make that assessment. Meanwhile, the regular visits with a therapist provide the time to deeply talk through issues. While some psychiatrists do this as well, it is not the core of their training, and they may lack some of the nuance of a good therapist. This is especially true if the bulk of their appointments are 15 minute checkups, and then someone wants to book an hour to talk. A major advantage of this setup, as you may now be seeing, is that a patient may feel the need to stop working with a particular therapist: perhaps they feel they've hit a rut, or have a personal disagreement with them. By having a different psychiatrist, they can stay on a medication plan while seeking a different therapist. Finally, some groups have both psychologists and psychiatrists working in the same practice, which may be convenient because they can communicate. However, this makes it more difficult to "quit" a therapist while still going to the psychiatrist. Best of luck with finding new practitioners. I know that can be a daunting process. Yes, that sub is troubling, and the wife perhaps should be aware of her ambivalence as she is seeing a psychiatrist and ambivalent about things in life is another way to say clinically depressed, but this doctor is breaching HIPAA and is bad with email. Not a great combo. You would report it. Hey op, this seemed like a good comment to reply to, sorry it’s not a top level comment but you said some things here I thought were particularly important. I spent some time working in a psych department (though specifically for prisoners) and more personally have been in your position of supporting a significant other who is struggling to trust a psychiatrist During a particularly difficult treatment regimen. Your analogy to a car is somewhat off the mark because fixing a car is a heck of a lot easier than fixing a human thought process. Your “mechanic” in this case is a doctor who is trying to fix a car that may be actively resistant to treatment or involved in a multi step treatment program where things need to be fixed sequentially. There may be bigger issues that need tackled first, while others are manageable for the time being. One of the most important tenants of mental health care is that a patient needs to be ready to tackle an issue before you try treating it. Your wife may very well not be ready to face several things her psychiatrist feels will be important to work on, or may have a more pressing issue that needs dealt with right away. Your assessment of a psychiatrist as someone who quickly lists a diagnosis and hands out pills is somewhat worrisome. Drugs aren’t the solution to all problems, and some diagnoses take a long time to make. Your wife may very well be under care for one thing and prescribed medication while also being treated for another, separate issue without. Not all conditions are as simple as saying “hey you have this, here’s a pill to make it stop”. It’s become more common lately to avoid giving a hard diagnosis to a patient, especially early in treatment, as it can negatively impact that treatment. A patient may experience discomfort/denial when given a clear “hey this is what’s wrong with you” kind of statement. The goal is not to have the patient take a diagnosis as part of their identity. Your wife clearly resents the idea that she is ambivalent about her life, but if that’s the opinion of the psychiatrist its likely more accurate than she wants to admit. It may not be nearly as bad as she thinks right now, but this reaction may be exactly what the doctor sought to avoid. Those things take time and easing in to, and when revealed risk resistance. Telling her likely served no purpose other than to risk agitation, and in a patient who already doesn’t seem on board with treatment that would be too risky as they may simply walk away. Her psychiatrist may very well have begun treatment for this exact issue or discussed it with your wife in veiled terms. The last thing I wanted to address was your comment about these people not being directly involved in her care. Her information at any practice is going to be shared among people there, assume all their staff knows more than you do about your wife’s care. Telling administrative personnel like a receptionist may have been intended as communicating how they should schedule with your wife. Their receptionist likely has to schedule appointments for everyone ranging from excited patients to people under court ordered care and needs to know how to approach them. Her psychiatrist may or may not have other psychiatrists he/she works with and discusses treatment with. This is generally acceptable within a clinic and these discussions are meant to validate opinions before presenting to a patient and may include reading over notes. As other people have suggested, it may be time to move, but I wanted to add that it may be helpful to have her make one more appointment with this doctor. Talk about it openly, in one of her sessions. She may find this a helpful experience, and if she doesn’t she can ask to be sent elsewhere (hopefully with a refillable prescription for any drug she is currently taking).  I will admit that I didn't go searching the post history as I assumed (hah!) relevant information would be provided in a post. And side eye to "antipsychiatry": "r/Antipsychiatry is a survivor-friendly community for discussion and counterprogramming against psychiatry and the mental health industrial complex. We think that mental health is generally morality disguised as illness, not actual science." Uh... that's an interesting place to post a complaint about a misdirected email/HIPAA issue...? That actually not that's much comparable. Mental health doesn't work like an engine. Saying to a patient the words that describe the problem doesn't necessarily mean solving the problem. Of course it depends on the problem, the person, etc. The person may not be able to understand what those words imply, and being biased because they have an opinion on the problem might not help. What's more important is to help the patient live with his/her illness. That's not totally the same thing. Sending a letter to the licensing board is a terrible idea and would be largely a spite move Also at best they will investigate and find no fault other than the psych being a silly idiot or just ignore the whole thing entirely  You realise we can’t just straight up tell you unkind things you don’t want to hear? I can’t just blurt out to a patient that they need to move on with their life and wallowing in self pity for validation is just perpetuating their troubles It’s unprofessional and unethical to purposely do it to their face You can lead the patient gently to the edge but you can’t force them to face hard truths You’re jumping to malice when likely the treating psychiatrists is simply tired and overworked and has already seen several clients and is making little progress with them, Your SO has obviously canceled at a bad time and they in their frustration made a snarky comment Seen it happen plenty of times with my peers I sincerely doubt they are having a giggle about it with their admin, mental health professionals have better things to do with their time   It's the presence of both personally identifiable information and information relating to the wife's mental health that makes it PHI. HIPAA is unconcerned with whether or not protected health information matters to a person, only if its disclosure was strictly necessary and if you look at the original email chain [here](), you can see that it was just kind of tacked on there and doesn't really serve a purpose. Additionally, as you can see they are using @gmail.com without encryption to send this PHI, which is itself a HIPAA violation. These people are not HIPAA compliant. Read the law yourself if you want.  This isnt Gsuite. Gsuite uses a distinct domain name, this is unencrypted gmail, and not compliant. [removed] Yes I agree on the face of it, the content is benign. What's less benign is that this comment was made by the psych behind the back of my SO to the practice admin and could have been discussed in session. It wasn't and hasn't. Instead, the psych was happy to let the patient continue with her ambivalence and continue to write prescriptions and collect fees. Also, not benign is that this kind of attitude is "not very uncommon".  Does your SO have a primary care physician? They can refill mental health meds if you were on them but no longer have a psychiatrist. She shouldn’t have to go off meds because of a bad psychiatrist. Didn’t know that use of gmail was not HIPAA complaint. Thank you.  Thank you. Thoughtful response.  The harsh truth would be helpful if revealed and discussed during therapy. This was not. The harsh truth appears to have been hidden from the patient (my SO). Why not be upfront about the patient’s perceived ambivalence? The psych’s role is to assist the patient through her ambivalence, not chatter about it behind her back to folks not directly involved in her care. We’re paying with the expectation of care like: “You’re ambivalent about everything in your life. Let’s work on that. In the meantime, here’s a prescription to help you deal with &lt;insert disorders here .” Instead, what was received was “listen, listen, make concerned expression ok let me get you on &lt;mental health drug x . See you next week?” Then gossipy blabbing to the admin about her condition. When you go to the car mechanic knowing that something is wrong with your car but not sure what it is, you expect them to tell you what’s wrong and work to repair it. Not charge you every week for the consultation and an oil change. Then giggle to the guy at the front desk about how you don’t care about your car. Anyway, thanks for your response. A different strategic care plan is in the works.   : From your Antipsychiary post it looks like they are also using gmail, which is not HIPAA compliant. Gsuite for Business can be HIPAA-compliant with the appropriate agreements in place. If you don't think the psychiatrist's perception of how likely the patient is to show up to an appointment matters to the person who's doing the scheduling - and who may well be involved with patient care as well - you're misinformed. That "person who works the phones" already has access to all of the demographic data you listed, and probably payment information at minimum. Plus diagnosis and severity are important for triaging appointment scheduling. Thank you. And the ethics board would do nothing. This was a mistake, and perfectly reasonable onservations, not even close to ethical failure. They'd tell you to pound sand. I suggest you stop giving poor advice about things you're clearly ignorant about. I think the and “everything else in her life” addition to her comment had a negative connotation. I agree the comment may have been truthful to the psychiatrist to another person but it may sound very insulting to the wife. I do agree with other comments suggesting she reevaluates what she wants from treatment. Although it seems she may have trouble deciding what she wants in treatment, it’s not necessarily a bad thing. It’s just how the wife is at the moment. OP, if you’re reading this I hope the best of luck in searching for a more suitable treatment plan. Its a harsh truth that probably was not worded very kindly and or expressed to early. Your wife may be asked to fill out a feedback form if she decides to stay in the clinic(or program) but see a different psychiatrist. I would say to take a step back to reevaluate the situation before trying to file any legal pursuits. There isn’t much of a case here since it doesn’t violate HIPAA. It’s just an opinion of her shared with another staff member.   Don't comment on topics on which you dont have even the most basic understanding of. This is directly from the department of health and human services website: What Information is Protected Protected Health Information. The Privacy Rule protects all "individually identifiable health information" held or transmitted by a covered entity or its business associate, in any form or media, whether electronic, paper, or oral. The Privacy Rule calls this information "protected health information (PHI)."12 “Individually identifiable health information” is information, including demographic data, that relates to: the individual’s past, present or future physical or mental health or condition, the provision of health care to the individual, or the past, present, or future payment for the provision of health care to the individual, and that identifies the individual or for which there is a reasonable basis to believe it can be used to identify the individual.13 Individually identifiable health information includes many common identifiers (e.g., name, address, birth date, Social Security Number).  Wrong. In the US its bigly illegal for a mental health professional to share stuff like " She’s one who is ambivalent about treatment. everything else in her life." with the person who works the phones. Depends on what kind of recourse you’re looking for. You’re always entitled to report the misconduct to the appropriate licensing board. They’ll likely not do much other than send a letter indicating a compliant has been filed and ask for a response. The Psych was sloppy and it could have been much worse, so maybe a letter from the licensing board would do her good to tighten up her practice. If you’re looking to file a civil action, I’m not aware of any statutory damages but you can check. Via common law, you might try something akin to the negligent infliction of emotional distress, but it will very unlikely to survive to trial. There is settlement, and you might get something. Good luck and I’m sorry this happened. \^ this 100%. I believe the technical term for what occurred here is "a massive fuck up" and they have opened themselves up to some SERIOUS fines. It’s not about being insulted by being told you are fat. A doctor saying “You’re fat and you need to lose weight because it’s impacting your health.” Is completely fine. A doctor emailing the front desk staff and accidentally cc’ing the patient with “The patient is ambivalent about losing weight and they’re fat. ... etc,etc” would be subject to an ethics complaint.  No, I’m not. If the psych has concerns about the patients commitment to therapy, they can’t have that conversation with the patient in a compassionate way. Making patients feel like you are talking negatively about them behind their back, and chastising them for taking care of other health care needs is not okay. I’m curious if you work in human services-I do and this is not an okay way to speak to or about a client. It’s not a HIPPA violation or anything (obviously), but it’s also just not okay. Healthcare (medical and mental) are shifting towards a client first approach. If this psych can’t speak about her patient respectfully, then she is not meeting the industry standard of client centered care. This is 100% reportable to the board (they may not investigate/act on it, but Op has a right to advocate for their providers to treat them respcesctfully).  Are you one of those people who get offended when a doctor tells somebody they need to lose weight? Do you mean a HIPAApotamus? Or HIPAA? I was basically joking about the review because your wife does not have a case so legal remedies don’t apply.  I have no idea why you’re getting downvotes, I would suggest reporting this to the board too. THis is an unethical way to speak to and about a patient. The psych should be reprimanded for this behavior. I hope Op reports.  I can't quite understand why your wife would be so terribly upset at a psychiatrists professional opinion of her? It wasn't a harsh comment that was made, it was a truthful one. Perhaps it's a thinking point for her to consider that maybe the client-psych relationship isn't working, or should be evaluated to implement a different strategic care plan to assist her to a better head space. After all, the client is paying the psych for service, and any harsh truths come with the package.  This is absolutely a HIPAA violation. The psychiatrist shared details from a psychiatric evaluation with a secretary, which is illegal. Ignore the other posters, report the guy [here](). From the email it sounds like the good doctor has a habit of sharing protected health information with his secretary. Ok, so IANAL, but psychiatrists are bound to the same book of ethics that a doctor is. Part of that ethical agreement is to treat patients with compassion and respect. This psychiatrist did neither. Your SO can read the ethics agreement and file a complaint with the board. At the very least an ethics investigation will make the psychiatrist think twice about being a callous therapist. At best he or she will get reprimanded by their governing board. Read more here:  Me too. I get that everyone hates their customers but writing negative emails about your clients is really, really unprofessional.  This is an absurd question to ask. Don’t turn to the internet to post negative reviews because your SO has her feelings hurt. I hope you’re not validating this as a good option, because it’s really petty. This isn’t a legal issue, and it’s not even really any kind of issue. She should tell the therapist how it made her feel but also she should get over herself a little bit, and maybe take the cue to get more serious about treatment, or at least do some thinking about why her therapist would have that opinion. The therapist didn’t insult your SO, she made a statement from her view on how she is responding to treatment.  Agreed.  Having worked in the field , I must admit that's pretty benign language and not very uncommon.  This makes me paranoid about what my therapist thinks about me...  ...it'd be worth considering what she's looking for in a psychiatrist. Maybe one who's actually honest to her face? If the psychiatrist had said this in a session it would be one thing, but she wrote it in an email that she didn't intend the patient to see.  IANAL but I think it was unprofessional but not a legal issue. I would personally, if I were her, move on to another psych. Breaking of trust hurts so she'll feeling that. I understand what it's like about that... when you've had a lot of folks break trust like parents, etc (I grew up in not a very good home), this is like a punch to the gut. I agree with many posters about getting meds in the meantime and seeing other psychs. I hope all the best for you! Never said there was. HIPPA does not create a private right to sue anyway. And if you saw a HIPPA violation that would do what exactly? There is no private right to sue under HIPPA. The information is factual. It is the opinion of your wife's treating psychiatrist that she is ambivalent about treatment and everything else in her life. It is not false, it is not an insult either. First question: Not really, as long as it is reasonable. Second question: Yes. Why would you need to lie anyway?  This. When/if OP's wife finds another psychiatrist she absolutely needs to bring this up with them and work through her feelings on what happened. I'd also suggest that maybe OP's wife could start looking at replacing her psychiatrist with a psychologist. I've been seeing a psychologist for some issues and while I am on medication, it is managed by my PCP. Or, if the PCP is reluctant to manage a prescription, a psychologist can be retained to just manage the medication and not meet with the client for regular therapy sessions.  IANAL. This might be too far off topic for this sub, sorry if that’s the case. Seems like one option is posting negative reviews. Focus on your wife’s health first. Your primary care doctor may be able to help with bridging the meds and also helpful in searching for a new doc. Is there any risk of libel or defamation when writing a negative review of a mental health professional? Is sticking to factual information enough to avoid a suit?  Pleasure was all min. Get some good sleep.  Yup. Well, it was a pleasure going around in circles with you regardless. I'm going to bed lol, it's way past my bedtime. Take it easy man Good suggestion. Thank you.  I believe we are.  Yes we suspect as much. Thanks for the suggestion.  I'm pretty sure we're going around in circles and are making the same point. Or I'm just exhausted. When you saidd refill, it sounded like you meant just going to a pharmacy and getting a refill on an old script That’s my point.  Ok, but you still have a doctor writing a script. That's what I was getting at. If the client withdraws from care from one doctor, it's not that doctor's responsibility to make sure the client keeps getting their meds. That isn't malpractice or an ethics violation if the client is the one who withdrew. I've had a PCP fill gaps for me too, I know that's a valid option.  Interesting points both of you. Thanks for talking this through.  Am MD. Have filled partners scripts without even seeing the patient. Am patient. Have had a few docs fill scripts without appointment.  Have your wife call the office and ask for 90 days of meds so she's not off them for her search.  I'm curious what your source is on that. I've been in therapy for 12 years, I've had gaps in psych coverage and have been on the same meds for close to 8. In my experience, no pharmacy has ever been willing to refill a medication without a valid script from a doctor. Which again, you would need an appointment for If the patient has been on stable meds they absolutely could refill to cover the gap.  Yes, the doc would fill the meds if requested, but it requires an appointment. Doctor's generally don't just blindly write scripts. But again, if the client withdraws as a patient, it's not the doctor's responsibility to make sure the patient is still getting scripts. That isn't malpractice No. The doc being responsible for meds if the patient asks and doesn’t get them. The patient withdrawing from care is a choice. Her not requesting coverage while finding a new doc is a choice. The doc would fill the meds if requested, it may require an appt. this doctor, so far, has not withheld care.  Her not getting mess isn't on the doc if it's the client who withdraws from care. Her not getting meds would be an ethics issue and malpractice. That this doc has to address the meds but it will take initiative on the patient. The way someone one responds to something is not indicative of the meaning, intent or maliciousness of it.  Yes it’s a good opportunity to rethink criteria for evaluating a psych. Thank you.  Thanks for your thoughts.  Your wife can write a negative yelp review about her bad experience. While impolite, the psychiatrist broke no laws.  Sounds pretty negative, especially if OP's SO is anxious about having a gap in psychiatric care and has been seeing the same one for 2 years, but I guess we're just going to have to wait and see and agree to disagree It’s not necessarily negative either. It could be a fact.  Regardless of whether or not the office manager is involved in her care, talking negatively about a client still isn't ethical. I agree, a licensing board probably won't do anything at all, hence why I say "you can try", but it probably won't do much The office manager/scheduler etc are possibly involved in her care. It’s a relatively loose term, heck they could also be the nurses. Doc doesn’t have to like her patients. The staff doesn’t have to like them. They can remind each other who people are based on things about their case. This will not even register with a licensing board except they will have to investigate. This was unfortunate and not of upmost professionalism but not what ethics committees are going to reprimand someone for. Get a new doc or address this at the next appointment (this would be potentially therapeutic) but this is in fact extremely minor.  Totally inappropriate to have said that, and she should send a strongly worded letter to the superior about it. Just bc no legal remedy doesn’t mean there isn’t a tongue lashing to be had. At the very least, write some Yelp/Google reviews! It could be cathartic.  The potential ethics violation doesn't lie with the incident- it's what it represents. Seems like the psych isn't fond of OP's SO, and is talking negatively about a client behind her back to people not even involved in her care.  Wasn’t really an ethics violation, it was an accident.  NAL, but I have some serious mental and emotional issues that require medication and I did go through a rather terrifying gap in having a psychiatrist. Does your SO have a PCP? Does she have a good relationship with them? Put together a brief set of medical records to show she has been taking these medications for a while. The PCP may be willing to write scripts in the meantime- mine did for me once I explained the situation. In addition, please let your SO know that this is not something she should have to deal with and please don't let her subject herself to this. I've been in therapy since I was 8 years old. As I'm sure she also knows, the only way it works is if you have a level of trust and understanding with your psych. No sense in wasting time and putting stress on herself by trying to fix something that shouldn't be fixed.  Who said anything about an ex wife? Officially it is to determine your baseline so that they can best adjust the medication to your needs given that whatever meds you are on may suppress your signs, leaving only symptoms, and thus inhibit their ability to make an accurate diagnosis. Because of the fact that there is nominally a reason it is not considered unethical or a breach of care normally. Previous poster probably means adderal, which is a controlled substance. Doctors are getting very gun shy about those.  It’s extremely common. The reasoning I was given when this happened to me was that some psychiatrists want to be sure of the diagnosis themselves before continuing medication to assure they’re doing the right thing. For example, if you get diagnosed with depression by one doctor and then another does an assessment and determines you are bipolar, they will obviously have drastically different treatment regiments and medications.  So they stop a prescription that is working for you, risking destabilizing you...to what end?  So let's consider your wife's damages. Her psychiatrist made a /mildly impolite/ comment (prioritizing a routine mammogram over therapy sounds pretty ambivalent) to an assistant. I'm having a hard time seeing a HIPAA violation there, just hurt feelings. She can certainly change psychiatrists, but there's no clear case here. And if her psychiatrist being inadvertantly honest with her is upsetting...it'd be worth considering what she's looking for in a psychiatrist. Idk about all conditions, but it's quite common for ADHD meds. I imagine there are many conditions where the meds get left alone. This may just be the experience I have and all of the other people I know who have ADHD though. Um, that sounds a bit unethical.. is that normal? If so, why? (Sorry for the OT, will remove if it’s not ok) a lot of psychiatrists will pull new patients off of meds, even if the meds work perfectly fine. It sucks, but sometimes you need to take the risk. This is a wonderful opportunity to reply all with, “I disagree.” (Or something more interesting that I can’t think off the top of my head!) I would definitely “reply all” with something in order for them to realize what they’ve done. I’m also petty.  Why would she need to be off her meds during the search? She could meet with the current one for med continuation until she finds a new one. She could tell the current one how she feels and ask for feedback, or for help in transitioning to a new doc (you could go with her for support as that could be quite an intimidating conversation). How the current doc handles this would be a strong indicator as to whether she could give them a second chance or not.  I don't think you have any legal cause for action here. I'd suggest filing a complaint, if she feels so led, and moving on. How did your ex wife get in on the email chain? What email was the psychiatrist replying-all to? You can probably file a HIPAA violation, that's all. It's not a massive claim, but it's not nothing either. It'll give the psychiatrist enough headache that she'll take precaution not to do that again. 