 Okay so. I was on my partners health insurance until they changed jobs this past year. I was not eligible for insurance coverage via her new insurance. I told my employer, enrolled in their coverage offered, and payments were deducted out of my paychecks. I assumed by that point that I had coverage through my employer. Some time went by, and I emailed HR about insurance cards since I hadn’t received them. Nothing was said about me not having coverage. I paid for insurance for 5 months total to my employer. I found out near the end of the year that I did NOT in fact have health insurance coverage through my employer. But I had done all of the paperwork, submitted it and had been paying for it. I did get a refund of all the money I paid, but I wasn’t covered. What if something had happened? I realize I got my money back, but I feel like it was very shady for my employer to not be transparent about my coverage. For. 5. Months! HR told me the coverage was declined after cutting me the check, but never mentioned anything prior besides that it was pending. But again, I was paying for it! What are my legal options here? I am now also facing a possible tax penalty for lack of full year coverage. I am so frustrated and would appreciate any and all advice! And yes, I would have gone another route to receive coverage had I known the employer was mysteriously declined. No, I do not know the reason for said decline.  The Affordable Care Act’s reporting regulations. I really cannot research the issue because it will take hours of my time. I litigate FMLA  I don’t see how they could have forgot something that’s heavily regulated. Isn’t it a violation of ERISA to not keep me informed of my status though? And accurately informed, at that.  Do you know off hand what a couple of those violations are? I will look into the NELA directory, thank you! The employer has violated a number of state and federal laws regulations. Your tax issue is included with that list. Time to consult an employment attorney. [NELA](www.nela.org)  You can ask them to reimburse you for any tax penalty to have to pay for not having coverage. Since nothing bad happened and you got your money back, you've been made even. What most likely happened is that somebody simply forgot to enroll you, and it wouldn't have been caught because it's not like they do a full audit every month comparing payroll deductions to the insurance bills. (they should, but they probably done). 