 Okay so I recently have found out I am pregnant. I’m about 8 weeks along, which is usually when you have the first doctors appointment. My friend who recently gave birth suggested a doctor for me, saying she was great. I called the doctor, made the appointment, gave them my information and my cell number. When asked about insurance, I said i was under my dads insurance and gave them the details on the card. (Group number, member ID, and customer service telephone number) Now I’ve told my parents and my father is not happy about it all. He’s threatening to cut me out of his life and saying he won’t be apart of this at all. His reasoning being I am too young and don’t have the finically ability to take care of a child. I just received a text from my very angry father stating he received a call from my doctors confirming my appointment for the 28th of January. He told me not to give his number out and if I’m adult enough to ignore his advice, I’m adult enough to live without him. I never once gave the receptionist at my doctors, my dads number. I never even said his name. The only possible way they could’ve gotten it is if they looked up the information of the primary holder of the insurance. And even then, they would see that his name is not the same as mine. Is this legal? I feel as if they gave confidential information about me seeking medical help without my consent. I don’t even want to see this doctor anymore because of the drama that just unfolded due to their negligence. I don’t even live with my father and I gave them my number, I don’t see how they could just give the wrong person my information. Are they allowed to do that? This is a new doctor so I haven’t signed any papers saying anyone has access to my medical records.  Experience. Our practice processes dozens of our own claims a month from very beginning to the end. We’ve been doing this for decades. They will reject for any possible reason. We have virtually zero un-clean claims go out, so it’s always interesting to see what made up reason is given. 80-90% of our rejected claims are fixed with a phone call and just having the claim repossessed. They will claim typo or no authorization or missing info on claim. We point out to the claims people that none of that is true. I’ve heard, “we will have this claimed reprocessed please be patient with us for another 30 days” way too many times. The newest rejection reason we’ve never heard before (they are always coming up with something new) is that the color red on the claim form is the wrong shade of red and the “duplexer” will refuse to enter it into their system. They should fire the duplexer.  And what is your source on this information? Lol. They will reject for anything. Literally one smudge no where near data. One character typo? Forget about it. Look at a HCFA 1500. It has fields for patient and insured. Different insurance companies want it filled slightly different sometimes.  The provider should have some protocol for contact info. This could be on a different system than the billing records. I would ask them to delete all contact info they will use: addresses, phone #’s, email etc., NOT just mark the database fields “old” and keep it in the contact info system for record keeping, while writing another entry. You will not be able to remove the primary policy holders contact info from the billing system. The primary holder's DOB, name, address and phone # is sometimes required for claims submission. Then give the provider the info you want them to use. Have a new emergency contact or two. You should probably check on the emergency contact with your insurance as well. That might just default to another family member unless you change it. The policy holder may be able to alter your emergency contact; they hold the policy. I would ask a member services rep if that was the case and if there was a way to lock it unless you, the patient, change it personally. Look into password protecting your account with the provider if they offer something like that. Technically, if a family member has a seemingly valid reason to ask (hi I’m the primary policy holder, bills, co-pays, reasons...) they can request and get PHI in compliance HIPAA. Generally you need to “object” before info is shared with family or other policy holders according to HIPAA. Which makes sense because two people on the same policy might be coordinating their care around a shared deductible. Google “hipaa family members” for the quick rundown. You can designate an authorized representative to have full access to your PHI. Once you start locking down your info or "file" with a provider, if they are doing it right, it should be very difficult for anyone but those authorized in writing to get any information. When in doubt about the legality of sharing PHI, I would just wait for a subpoena. Not legal advice, but if you have not done so it might be wise to submit a conditional power of attorney to the provider so someone can make immediate decisions on your behalf if you become incapacitated. Pregnancy is more serious than a checkup and no matter how bad the relationship is with a parent, if something were to happen there is a chance that they could be in charge of your care if someone else has not been designated.  This is incorrect. The father may be the primary beneficiary to the insurance but the OP is another beneficiary and their phone number does not need to match as long as MID, name and DOB match. It is my understanding that claims may be rejected if the phone number doesn't match what the insurance company has on file. The employee would have no way of knowing it wasn't another of your phone numbers. Again in this case if OP provided a different number I agree, on the general sentiment if they had called the provided number and provided an appointment reminder to a family member then this section would protect them as well: "(3) Limited uses and disclosures when the individual is not present. If the individual is not present, or the opportunity to agree or object to the use or disclosure cannot practicably be provided because of the individual's incapacity or an emergency circumstance, the covered entity may, in the exercise of professional judgment, determine whether the disclosure is in the best interests of the individual and, if so, disclose only the protected health information that is directly relevant to the person's involvement with the individual's health care. A covered entity may use professional judgment and its experience with common practice to make reasonable inferences of the individual's best interest in allowing a person to act on behalf of the individual to pick up filled prescriptions, medical supplies, X-rays, or other similar forms of protected health information." I would hope we can agree that an appointment on a new pregnancy would fall under as being in the best interests of the individual to remind them of such appointment, as long as they state the purpose of the appointment. I am solely trying to dispel the misconception people have that these laws protect these situations in every single circumstance rather than case by case. I clearly said in this case if OP expressed a different number it is a violation. What I referred to as being said too much that is not completely factual is "the mere fact that you have a appointment with them is medical information and it's protected" as I said in a reply to you in a different spot. The devil is in the details. In OP's case I agree . In general the sentiment is seeming to be parroted in this thread that these are general outlines when it is not that clear by the letter of the law . No, this isn't being said too much. The OP clearly did not provide them the phone number of her father. She clearly gave them her cell phone number as a contact number. They called another number and provided information. This is a violation of HIPAA. Limited information does not apply when you call a number that was not provided by the patient. The appointment reminder link simply states appointment reminders. It doesn't say appointment reminders to family members. The limited information portion doesn't apply here because there doesn't appear to have been a preferred method of contact chosen (haven't had first appointment yet), and it certainly wasn't calling the patient's father. I posted this above as well, appointment reminders could violate the law, the devil is in the details on case by case. First, you do not need to get authorization for appointment reminders to be sent out. Second, if a preferred method of contact is chosen and a provider uses that method, they MAY leave limited information to a family member for an appointment such as date and time of appointment. Appointment Reminder: Limited information: -this one is specifically this line: "(b) Standard: uses and disclosures for involvement in the individual's care and notification purposes. (1) Permitted uses and disclosures. (i) A covered entity may, in accordance with paragraphs (b)(2) or (3) of this section, disclose to a family member, other relative, or a close personal friend of the individual, or any other person identified by the individual, the protected health information directly relevant to such person's involvement with the individual's care or payment related to the individual's health care."  Okay this is being said too much and people might interpret this the wrong way. This is not an attack on you personally, sorry if it comes off that way. HIPAA says providers can provide LIMITED INFORMATION to family members IF they are contacting the preferred method listed . So in this case yes if OP expressed preferred method being their individual phone it would be a request to remain confidential . BUT if they are contacting via what an individual deemed as their home number for example. They can say so and so has an appointment at such and such time. That falls under the limited information acceptable for appointment reminders.  Not true.. many providers do that specifically to give them an extra safeguard for themselves from committing a violation .  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I don’t live in the US but we have the same principle of confidentiality. Many doctors here are self-employed so don’t have employers to discipline them.  I work with an invoicing system and we have to deal with this as well. Any invoices dealing with medical stuff are highly classified. For instance, if our system accidentally sent an invoice to the wrong person, that'd be a scandal. If you see that someone is invoiced from "Gender Reassignment Clinic" or "Abortion clinic", that reveals a lot of highly personal information.  HIPAA not HIPPA That's not a HIPAA violation.. certainly he could have been disciplined by his job, but most people don't actually understand what HIPAA actually covers, and it's not that. Where I live a doctor saying hello to a patient first in public is a violation.  I meant that the appointment would have shown up in his records.  You can opt out of auto reminders. Since OP gave her own, personal cell phone number, there would have been no way for her father to answer the phone. The office went out of their way to violate her privacy. Providers cannot give appointment information to anyone other than the patient without the patient’s consent. No. Insurance would not have given OP’s father information about an upcoming appointment. OP did not provide her father’s contact information. OP did not authorize the office to speak to anyone regarding her appointments or medical information. HIPAA does allow providers to discuss your care with others without your consent, it is only in specific circumstances. Confirming an appointment is not one of them. [File a complaint ](). Did you sign HIPPA documents with them yet or was this your first appointment? It was probably an honest mistake. Your dad's insurance would have probably given him information that you had an appointment anyway If you are truly ready to ba a parent, you should be able to handle people knowing. He probably would have figured in a few months either way. In my opinion, it seems like you're looking to take advantage of a young doctors honest mistake to get money. If you just want to make sure she doesn't make the mistake again, just tell her face to face. There's absolutely no reason to go after her legally.  F. Thanks. Not the first time. Prob not the last. F.  HIPAA Love your long message but damn get it right   Patients must specifically agree to this service. You are 25... How does you dad not think you can handle this? You aren't 15.... Yikes Got long, sorry. From the providers prospective, giving lots o benefit of the doubt they didn’t do this with ill intent or whatever: They were probably faxed / emailed a plan and benefits summary which is normal when intaking a patient with insurance. If the provider is in network, the in network insurance contract might require them to use the phone # as primary as it listed on the plan summary. This contractual obligation you and the provider agreed to in the insurance contract. Grey area for HIPPA, sorta. Sucks. I know. Obviously most providers will change it, but there are a lot of intersections of law here. For certain plans, some would argue, as the provider, unless there is a stated reason not to, you have to try all available contact avenues (#) to fulfill legal and contractual obligations for proper care notification and follow up. Failure to properly notify can be deemed malpractice in certain situations, IIRC. Failure to follow normal standards of care, including communication, can cause medical malpractice insurance to deny coverage. The edges of the road aren’t forgiving for med providers. Obviously if you specifically inform them not to call X, they have to abide. But up until that point they probably have a good faith defense about using your own plan documents. If it’s any consolation, I don’t know of any way to hide procedures and authorizations from the primary account holder if they know what they are doing. Maybe you can, but I’ve never seen it. The primary account holder should be able to see submitted and processing claims / auths and the resulting approval / denial in real time via a web portal for all members of the plan. Also, with his DOB, yours, account #, phone #, and address that are all tied to the account for verification, he should be able to call the member services # on the insurance card and review ALL plan activity. He might need an EIN / NPI for the practice / doctor, but those can usually be just googled. Theoretically, the primary account holder should be able to get copies of all submitted HCFA claim forms or equivalents to the plan if they pushed hard enough. This would show exactly how each visit was coded for diagnosises and procedures. Source: Am in network with some and out of network with other insurance companies as a provider. On the provider side I can get all this and more, as far as it pertains to me, in a 5 min phone call. If someone knows of a provision, legally or otherwise, that would exclude the primary account holder from seeing information on the subordinate plan members I’d love to hear about it.  As it is January and she presumably turns 26 this year, she won’t lose coverage until December (as I understand it). As OP is not an elephant, afaik, she will have had the baby by then.  It would make sense for them to come across the primary cardholder's information in the process of calling the insurance provider to verify coverage, but it does not make sense for them to call your father. They undoubtedly got the primary cardholder info and then some dunce typed in the wrong contact information instead. But yeah, it sounds like a HIPAA violation and you should [report it.]() Agree. If I remember HIPAA correctly, doctors are required to ask for you information about preferred contact information, if they can leave a message, and how long this information is valid. Even an appointment reminder potentially discloses potentially damaging information if the doctor is a specialist. Oncology? HIV? Gender reassignment? Psychiatrist? Heart specialist? Just an appointment could be bad if known to someone like an employer or, in this case, a family member. Let's say someone has an appointment at a Planned Parenthood clinic. The confirmation email is sent to the very anti-abortion parents of the patient. What happens next? She said she provided her own phone number, not his. So they actively looked up his number through the insurance information when she had provided an alternate contact.  I must admit that I may be wrong, but I believe that you sign a form/give permission so that they do that. At the very least, you will have provided your own phone number, not simply have it pulled from insurance. I guess I'm just confused how the auto reminder software work then legally. Since they can have the number of the practice to return call, date and time of appointment...press C to confirm etc Appointment reminders that just say date, time of appointment are HIPAA violations? Thousands of companies use auto reminders and confirmations via software. Thought that if they dont disclose any personal details such as reason, names, birthdays etc then it's ok pending its withing character limits as well  Simply knowing the specialty of the physician can provide information that the patient would like to keep private. How though? If no details of the reason for the visit were given, saying you have an appointment on this date is not a HIPAA violation. Same for auto texting/voice call appointment reminders. Date, Name and time of appointment are not a violation unless specific details such as reason for visit, birthdate etc When they run a primary insurance, they have a phone number on file for the primary holder. Most likely someone entering patient info just used both numbers when setting up her file or some software might autopopulate the fields.  I am in school for a health profession. The simple fact that someone was a patient at a practice is protected information, yes, this was a HIPAA violation. However, she's likely not getting anything from them, there isn't really a private right of action for HIPAA violations. Only thing you can do is complain.  This is incorrect. Simply stating that you have an appointment at a physician's office is providing potential information. Healthcare providers and their offices are not allowed to say anything to people other than the patient other than to call them back. This absolutely a HIPAA violation. They don't need to convey anything more than you see that doctor or that you are seeing him on a certain date to violate HIPAA. The mere fact you have an appointment with them is medical information and it's protected. File that complaint and change doctors. FYI- I've been in the medical insurance field for close to 30 years and receive training on HIPAA annually.  \ I'm a physician and have been through more HIPAA-compliance trainings than I care to remember. It absolutely does violate the law. NAL Call the doctor's office and ask to speak to the office manager to complain. Even if it wasn't illegal, it was not okay for them to call you and you should straighten out any record errors that led to this issue.  What exact medical information did the doctor’s office provide your father? This isn't a HIPAA violation. No personal information on you was given to your father. You can express your dissatisfaction to the doctor's office, but you're not going to get anything out of them financially. You could potentially file a HIPAA complaint about that although I am not sure confirming an appointment would actually violate that law. Also, if you are using his insurance then he will see the charges on his insurance statements anyways. 