 I know I messed up, but I have no choice except to pick up the pieces and try to find a way forward. Ever since the accident, I feel overwhelmed by guilt, shame, and embarrassment. I'm suffering near debilitating anxiety, stress, depression, and sleeplessness. I break down sobbing uncontrollably throughout the day, and I'm so weary I just don't trust my judgement. I've tried meditation, yoga, herbal supplements, and a rigorous exercise regimen all to no avail. I know I deserve punishment and I make no excuses for my actions. But if I don't get some rest I feel like I'm going to lose my mind - and certainly my job. I don't trust antidepressants, and I have a strong aversion to using them. However, I think marijuana could help me. My city has a medical marijuana clinic, and I'm considering applying for a license but it's unclear how this might affect my situation. So far, I've been unable to find useful information online. Can someone please either give me some guidance or point me in the right direction? Thank you in advance for any help, advice, or opinions you might be willing to provide. Okay, I didn't know that. Seems like the terms gets used a lot in this context. Thanks for taking the time to express your thoughts on this, I appreciate your perspective. I do want to clarify that I'm not currently prescribed any antidepressants, so I haven't stopped taking anything. I'm going to see what options might be available on short notice for mental health resources. I do wonder, though, if going the MM route might complicate my legal situation. I absolutely must NOT get into any trouble, and I'm wondering if being a MM user - even going by the book - might impart an impression that I'm not serious about sobriety. For one, not using your antidepressants tends to, well, not improve your depression or anxiety. I would definitely speak to a medical professional first when it comes to alternative treatments and stuff. Especially since coming off antidepressants is NOT something you should do by yourself or without the supervision/ guidance of a medical professional (this is medication 101). I definitely feel this is less a legal thing than a medical thing. Talk to a doctor. Talk to a psychiatrist.   't get a prescription? Marijuana is not prescribed, it is recommended. There's a big difference.  There should be some kind of clinic where you can talk to someone, maybe a social worker. And a standard family doctor’s visit really doesn’t cost that much, even without insurance. I’m sure in your situation they won’t hesitate to write you a prescription. Also, your life is not over. The fact that you’re beating yourself up so hard probably means there won’t be a second time. (But don’t beat yourself up quite so hard.) Thank you so much and no need to say sorry! I admit I may be a bit irrational about it. I've smoked pot to get to sleep before and I guess I just feel confident it would help me now. My judgement is way off due to being exhausted and I keep vacillating back and forth on things.  Sorry, I just see a lot of people in bad situations who have an almost superstitious resistance to antidepressants. I’m not a doctor, but there are many different kinds. Some address anxiety too. As in, erasing panic attacks. MANY have been around for a long time, so they are generic and inexpensive. Yes, some have some side effects, which may differ for different people. But cannibis has side effects too (no one talks about the memory impacts, for example, with all the legal discussions going on). Remember, arsenic and cyanide are natural too. :) I've used marijuana before so I guess I consider it to be more natural and perhaps less prone to negative side effects. I've never used antidepressants and I guess I'm a little afraid of them. Have you had any experience with them or do you recommend a certain type? Thank you. On what basis do you “trust” marijuana but don’t trust antidepressants?  Thank you for your reply and please let me address a couple of things: First, I do have a lawyer and I have an appointment to ask this and other questions but he can't see me for a few days - which seems like an eternity because I'm not able to get quality sleep. Second, what did you mean when you said I can't get a prescription? It's legal here in Florida, isn't it? Common conditions of probation for DUI (if convicted) are to abstain from alcohol and illegal use of controlled substances, but a prescription would indicate legal use. You'd need to present the prescription if drug tested to protect yourself from a violation. You should ask your lawyer. And you can't get a prescription for medical marijuana 