 This happened at a sleepover. The title pretty much says it, but I am alarmed and very upset about this whole event and have no idea how to proceed. Basically, my child randomly announced to his father that he, "knew how babies were made" and that people were "making out." When questioned how/where he saw it, we were told it happened at the sleepover he recently attended, as well as the name of the kid who showed him the porn. His father immediately called me and we agreed that we do not want to question our child any further, because we feel like anything we say to him will bring more attention to the indecent, and increase his chances of having more interest in the subject. We are planning on bringing this situation to a professional, like a child therapist because we simply have no idea how to proceed with this him regarding this matter. If he was a young teen this would be much easier situation to navigate. But young age of our child makes this so much harder to handle. Basically, we are going to speak to the offending child's mother about this situation. Exactly what I need to say, how, and I guess we'll have to figure out on our own. My questions are what should we should do to protect ourselves legally when I speak to his mother, because I want to record the conversation, just in case this situation escalates any further. I am also wondering if I should contact CPS about this matter, because I feel like a 10 year old showing a 5 year old porn is not normal. At all. I am in Louisiana. The average age for puberty in boys is about ten too! So it's not unreasonable for the boys to be thinking about sex. Sneaky around and looking at dirty videos is the modern version of fishing around your dads drawers for Playboy magazines, so it's not like this is a new phenomenon.  My child was at a sleepover with other children. Yes there was an older sibling. But your skepticism is well placed. Five year old children aren't reliable observers and retellers. However, my child suddenly started using words that were never in his vocabulary before, and there is more to the descriptions given than I will type out here. I firmly believe my child was shown explicit porn. From the description, it's not clear why you think porn was shown. Did your child describe things in more detail than you described here? Because it's entirely possible that the video really involved only "making out", and then maybe there were some jokes about how "babies are made." Or maybe even some information. But basically 5 year olds are not the most reliable observers and retellers, but in this case it may be worth it to figure out what exactly your child saw or didn't see. Another question: what was your 5 year old child doing on a sleepover with a 10-12 year old? Were there other children there? Older siblings or something? Otherwise, it's just a weird situation altogether.  12 is an edge case, but a 10 year-old showing porn to a 5-year old is nope-city. 12 year old, will/should know about sex, can look up porn easily. Not necessarily a sign of abuse.  Skip speaking to the parents and just call DCFS. That kind of behavior is a big red flag for a kid that's being abused.  A child in possession of normal pornography isn't the monocle-popper it once was because of the whole internet thing, but it's definitely something you should still mention. Nothing, because LA is a one-party consent state. 