 As the title says I was promised a promotion if I basically did anything and everything she asked (which just so happened to be entirely off the clock because we can’t have overtime and I was scheduled at hours every week), well I just spoke to her boss and he said he never knew anything about it and he is in charge of the promoting. I feel very used and hurt by all of this and there was no discussion of me getting paid for the hours I worked overtime while not clocked in. Would it be worth talking to an attorney about this and pursuing it?  Good, then that's a start. Do you have access to the security cameras freely or are they close guarded? If close guarded, not much you can do. If you have access to them freely without raising suspicion, what's their schedule and how far back do they go? Reason I ask this, some features on some systems will auto wipe to make room for new footage, or, it'll rewrite the footage as it's recording. - In rare cases it'll stop recording once the system is full and will need a manual wipe from someone. Try and get a few recordings that have time stamps. If you can't, that's okay. How you proceed here is important. This is the point where you need to consult an attorney. Some will provide the consult free. They'll likely tell you whether it's worth it or not. Again, I'm not an attorney, nor familiar with wage law. If I were you, from here on out, I would NOT have any direct communication with anyone from your place of work unless they're willing to be recorded. (Unless your state is a one party consent state). If they're unwilling to communicate with you under a recorded setting, I would proceed with a written demand for wages due. - I believe there is even an official government form you can fill out as well. I would send it via certified mail, so you know for a fact they received it. If they do not respond to said letter by the time frame, then I would proceed with taking them to court. (Depending on what your county minimum is for small claims.) It'll be at that time you'll provide a discovery to the opposing party where you'll reveal said text messages. Once they finally see those text messages, they'll likely settle before the court date. Maybe they won't, there's no tell for sure until it gets there. If you want an experts opinion on this, talk to an attorney. Again, I'm not an attorney. Thank you for that resource! I’m not even worried about the promotion at this point I just want compensated for the time i worked based off that promise.  Not a Lawyer. You probably do not have a case for the promotion unless you have this agreement in signed, in writing. Verbal agreements to promote you are worth less than the air used to make them - your boss has exploited the shit out of you and probably has done this before to get people to "volunteer" overtime. Now, luckily for you, that is illegal as hell, and you don't even need an attorney for that. Virginia Law doesn't cover overtime, so you'll need to file at the Federal Level. Call 1-866-487-9243, or go to and you can call your nearest office. I have text messages from her, there is security footage as well as a schedule that shows when I should and should not have been there. There was no written agreement beside the texts that I have.  Not a lawyer, nor familiar with wage law so take what I say with a pinch of salt.. Was there any written agreement? Are you able to prove you worked said hours off the clock? (Security footage, audit reports of said work with time stamps?) You may not be getting the promotion, likely. However if you're able to prove you worked said hours, by law you're able to recoup said hours. But only if you can prove it. Save text messages, voicemails and emails.