 I was born with 2 birth certificates 1 which is the original that my parents supposedly "lost" and another, this strikes me as very weird and I want to find out more details on my birth and I also want to know what circumstances would have called for 2 birth certificates? One thing i'm wondering is how can I legally get a hold of my birth information? can I find this online or do I have to file paperwork for it at the court house or what? i'm just concerned i'm a secret hermaphrodite. One is a hospital birth certificate with your feet prints, the other is the official one from the state, I have two for both my kids too. The hospital one is considered more like a keep sake. My middle name was spelled wrong, so mine was amended. I now have two that must be kept together at all times, they're labeled "1 of 2" "2 of 2". It made a couple of things annoying, like drivers license and passport, but ultimately everything got sorted.  I was just letting you know you are not alone in having two birth certificates. Mine are stapled together and that made getting a driver's license fun (NOT!). The BMV wanted to use the incorrect one and we had to show them my social security card before they used the amended certificate because it was not the "original".  are you sure it was 2 official state certificates? i was going through a deceased family member's personal papers and she had two "certificates" for her disabled daughter -- one was the official state certificate, and the other was more like a hospital certificate and it did have the baby's foot prints on it. i don't know your state, but if you google your state + birth certificate you can find info on how to order yours. you could always check with the hospital you were born at too and see if they have anything on file or if anyone would know if they offered certificates with prints on them in the past when you were born. I'm not adopted as I look very much like all 3 of my red headed siblings, also i've heard red heads are a pain to adopt, and no adoption agency would have let my parents adopt xD, and my name is pretty impossible to misspell, i'm not saying you're wrong, you could be right, but that's what I want to find out. My parents aren't responsible enough to prepare for losing one, and supposedly they weren't exactly the same, one had my prints on it or something of the sort, but if they were different in any significant way m parents wouldn't tell me and that's what I want to know. Are they the exact same? I have two copies of my sons. I ordered them both after his birth and received them at the same time. Birth certificates are needed for things like school registration, sports registration, etc... they’d have to replace it if they lost one  Lots of things can cause you to have more than one birth certificate. Adoption, or correcting a spelling error are two that come to mind. I have two birth certificates because my the spelling of my first name was changed by the county employee because they felt that my name ending in "y" wasn't unique enough (think Jenny but changed to Jennie). County employee admitted it and was fired. Since the spelling on your birth certificate has to match the spelling on your social security card my birth certificate had to be corrected. So I have the original and the amended (corrected) version. Birth certificates are a matter of public record, contact your county's office of vital records. No worry. Just making sure you know what your options are - at the end of the day, it is your call. Yeah, it's a risk i'm aware of, but it doesn't bother me enough to use a throwaway. lol  This forum encourages the use of throwaway accounts for that very reason. Yeah sorry forgot to include, and don't worry I won't sue. ;3 lol I only checked to see if I could tell if you were in the US, because my advice would be meaningless if not.  I regret that you saw my post history lol, and I might go there, but honestly I would just rather forget about my life prior to now.  Yeah, I got that sense from your post history. Check out /r/exmormon, lots of people who grew up in similar situations. Okay, thank you!, I wouldn't have asked but my parents are the type not to tell me things I should know... lol Ok. Your birth certificate will be on file with your state. You might need to visit the county records office/courthouse of the county you were born in. You can also frequently order copies of your birth certificate online.  My parents aren't the kind of people to bother getting another one if they lost the first, and also according to them they made it seem like I always had 2, as in they had both at the same time, one wasn't lost before the other. What? If you’re saying your parents lost your original birth certificate and got a new copy, that’s totally normal. I have the paper copy of my hospital birth certificate, but it turns out that’s not good enough for a passport. So I have a certified copy from my state of birth. Maybe my parents also had the government/state certificate from when I was born and lost it in a haze of vodka and cocaine. Who knows. But it’s totally unremarkable to have two. 