 So the title basically explains it all, my friend took my car to a gas station to get a drink while I was passed out on his couch, got pulled over for the headlights not being on, vehicle got searched by the first officer who didnt find anything, then a second who said the back was covered in coke and that he found a bag of it in the center concil. It for sure it either of ours and were stuck on what to do Does it matter? Dude. It was your friend's coke. Stop worrying about these wild theories and start working on getting that lawyer. Don't "plan on it;" start calling around now. Are you implying that the second cop planted it? It is very serious and I've decided to get a lawyer. But how did one officer clear the car saying theres nothing while the other said it was literally covering my back seat. If you know deep down that it wasn’t yours, then it’s your friends and he’s lying to you. There are no coke fairies who just sprinkle the white magic on people’s back seats and then tuck the bag into your center console. Get a lawyer, this is serious. Well that's a very stupid thing to believe. It's obvious to anyone who has two brain cells to rub together that he's trying to throw you under the bus and you're holding his hand about it. They found his drugs in your car and he said they weren't his. You know why he said that? Plausible deniability, hoping you get arrested for his crimes. You should be pissed about this. Neither of us have been charged with anything yet. They said they'd call us. But with him, he really doesn't do that heavy on drugs. Most he does is smoke, which is why I believe him saying it isnt his It for sure was one of yours and it wasn't yours, so your friend is an ass who took hard drugs in your vehicle. Who was charged for what? How can you really be sure it was not your friends? I ask that because the police are not going to buy the “we don’t know who that cocaine in my car belongs to” story. Constructive possession is the operative phrase here. You need a lawyer. And not the same one as your friend. Get a lawyer.