 Hi everyone and thanks in advance for taking the time to read this. So I am a physically disabled individual and I have recently returned to work as I have had some degree of improvement after having surgery last year. I took a position that I was way over qualified for in the hopes of starting out slow and in a company that was big enough that there would be room for me to move up. (I am basically a prep cook at an airport, company runs multiple restaurants throughout the airport) Yesterday I was discussing what I wanted to do with my manager (who is aware of my disability). He suggested a position that was open that would be a promotion (the equivalent of an assistant manager). He thought I would be a great fit for the position as I am able and willing to do anything except mop on a regular basis (my one physical limitation I set for myself to prevent a flare). I have mopped about once a week since being hired here, not every week, but as needed. But I told him that I was unable to do it more frequently than that. So he recommended this position for me, knowing that mopping was not an essential function. The manager that heads the unit that the position is in (let's call said person Bob) happened to be right there, so they began discussing my interest in the position as I was standing not 10 feet from them. It was going well until Bob asked why I was leaving the current unit, my manager told Bob that my disability prevented me from taking a shift where I would be mopping several times a week. Bob responded by saying that I was not eligible for the open position as I "must be able to do everything." Fast forward to the next day. I have identified this as discrimination, I have been denied consideration for a promotion because of my physical disability. So I decide to speak with the head of our HR department. I expect this conversation to go well, I am not requesting an unreasonable accommodation. To start off, she begins by asking me why I didn't disclose my disability in my application. (Hello, not legally obligated to and it is illegal for them to ask) At this time I tell her that I did in fact disclose my disability when I was interviewed for the position. She continues to question which managers were aware of my disability and so on. Cutting to the chase here, she basically told me that it was an unreasonable request, it would cause undue burden, and that she could offer me a position as a cashier instead. (She claimed that it would be too much to have someone come and mop if I were the last person there at night) She also tried to tell me that I was unqualified for the job and that I needed experience in front of house, back of house, alcohol serving, waiting, prep, etc. All of which I have extensive experience in with the exception of waiting. (Which she would know if she had pulled my initial application to see if I had disclosed my disability?) So after this, I go and speak to someone who has the job I am attempting to apply for. Not only has she never once had to mop while in this job, but she informed me that they have outside utility workers who come in and mop the entire front of house (80% of the unit) every night. In my mind, I don't think it would be unreasonable (if in the scenario where I am somehow completely alone and unable to mop because I am in a flare) for them to just do the remaining 20% of the mopping. At this point, I am juggling the options of calling my union, calling an attorney, or just filing a complaint with EEOC. (Will most likely do all three, but where do I start???)