 Currently I reside in Michigan. I am 22. I have just had this on my mind and I kind of want to have my will setup, just to get it out of the way. I'm gay, my family moderately homophobic. I don't really want them to receive anything I have of value. The only person in this world I really care about right now is my boyfriend of two years so far. Also he is Living in Canada. He has duel citizenship. I have no idea how law works around wills, but does anyone here have any idea if it would even be remotely possible to set it up as I'm asking? What might be better for you in this situation is a [revocable trust](). You're young enough and probably don't have that much property at this point, so setting up a revocable trust wouldn't be that difficult (mine was because my wife and I own several investment properties and multiple cars, and all of that stuff had to be retitled). But designating a trustee whom you trust (and it can be a person or an institution, like a bank) will help keep your family away from anything. Given your situation and history, I strongly encourage you to go through an attorney. What might be better for you in this situation is a [revocable trust](). You're young enough and probably don't have that much property at this point, so setting up a revocable trust wouldn't be that difficult (mine was because my wife and I own several investment properties and multiple cars, and all of that stuff had to be retitled). But designating a trustee whom you trust (and it can be a person or an institution, like a bank) will help keep your family away from anything. Given your situation and history, I strongly encourage you to go through an attorney. My mother would definitely fiercely challenge my boyfriend for everything if she knew she had any chance at it at all.  It's certainly possible to do what you want. However, disinheriting immediate family members is not a DIY project. Some will kits are great things, (I have a will kit will myself) but disinheriting family members is beyond the scope of most/all of them, particularly if you think your family members are likely to challenge what's in your will and not do what you wanted. I would hire an estate lawyer, explain to him or her what you want, and have them draft the will. It'll cost a few hundred bucks. You'll likely want to redo the process with a Canadian lawyer after your move to Canada, if you expect the move to be permanent.  Your attorney can tell you. Can a will follow me and be changed or would I need a new one each time? I may be a Canadian citizen here in the next few years, I am curious and clueless how that might affect things if I was living in Canada. If you plan appropriately, that shouldn't happen. There's also certain things you can arrange to leave outside a will, including bank accounts and insurance. Your lawyer can assist you in figuring out what can pass this way and get them set up. So my family won't have rights over him to receiving my things? I've witnessed several family members who had left wills behind and my family basically fucked over the people the will addressed and just all agreed to not follow the will as if it was optional. I fear the same thing would happen with me I did my will online at legal zoom was like 70 bucks, just remember to get it notorized.  Yes, you can leave your things to any adult you want to. Go see a local attorney to have a will and other pertinent documents drafted. It isn't particularly expensive.