 I was in the house when I received an alarming phone call that my wife was involved in an auto accident. Supposedly, someone was driving an oversized modified diesel truck at a high rate of speed in the oncoming lane of traffic. Wife needed to cross this lane to turn into her destination (visiting her family), and unfortunately she cannot exactly remember if she had started to turn. In any case, she panicked because the oncoming driver of the diesel had locked up his brakes and had the truck turned sideways and was approaching her car. My understanding is she stayed put and the truck essentially "T-Boned" itself off the front end of her car, then proceeded to hit a parked truck (owned by my brother-in-law) across the road. Because of the age and condition of vehicles involved, my family's vehicles (2) are likely totaled. The diesel driver was uninjured. My wife had to be taken to the hospital to assess wrist and neck injuries but is fine. We are talking to three different insurance companies providing accounts of what happened. So, the cops assessed the situation and briefly mentioned the driver of the diesel was travelling approximately 20 miles over the speed limit. They were unable to determine if my wife's car was across the line when the accident occurred. My question is, what are my next steps for all this? Also, if the driver hadn't been going the rate of speed, he likely would have done a lot less damage and also could have prevented the chain-reaction. In any case, just wondering various takes on this. I know I am at the mercy of the insurance companies but this is driving me nuts! Police contacted my wife, stated that they are citing the other driver for the accident, but mentioned nothing of citing my wife (could this be a win?). There was also an eyewitness neighbor that stated my wife never crossed her lane of traffic to make the turn, the accident occurred on her side and he told the police this as well. How terrifying for your wife. I imagine you have already informed your insurance company. In the meanwhile, the police will do an investigation to determine what happened and where to assess responsibility. If for some reason, the police decide your wife shares some responsibility (because she was over the line inappropriately) that is not the end of it. The insurance companies will review the situation as well. In addition, if it becomes necessary for your wife to file a personal injury suit, then responsibility can be brought up yet again. You might want to look into hiring a personal injury attorney sooner rather than later so they can look out for your wife's rights since it sounds like she was injured. The police will do an investigation and make a report, and possibly cite involved persons. This will undoubtedly play in your insurance companies negotiating with the other companies. I can’t imagine a scenario where the speeding wouldn’t be a factor in determining fault, whatever the percentages turn out to be. Aside from opening a claim, there isn’t much else you can do but wait.  Get your wife all the medical treatment she needs. Open a claim with your insurance. 