 I was really sick, having diahrrea since Friday. On Sunday I went to a urgent Care, really dehydrated. They said "we can give you IV fluids" - as if it was my call which I replied, "of course I need it, I'm extremely dehydrated, and can't keep anything down, not even water". Got dismissed with " keep drinking water" Monday, I end up having to go to the ER and got admitted to the hospital with rotavirus and just left on Wednesday. Is it worth it suing the urgent care for being dismissive and not diagnosing me right?  That's just a stomach bug. The treatment is to keep you hydrated, treat your symptoms/discomfort, and let the virus run it's course. Sounds like they didn't do anything wrong. You did the right thing, it got worse and you sought additional treatment. No, I'm just asking because someone mentioned it to me. significant damage. Ugh, I was in discomfort fam! Do you honestly expect doctors to get every diagnoses correct every time they make one? Seriously, you had a stomach bug, not undiagnosed stage 4 cancer. What did the ER do that the Urgent care didn't? Rotavirus is not typically life threatening. It is a virus, meaning no cure, and you can only treat the symptoms. It runs its course. Charge it to the game. They did everything they could. As always, med mal is too fact specific for internet strangers to help much. That being said: Did they give you the IV fluids or not? It isn’t clear from your post. Urgent care discharge instructions almost always include a provision to follow up with your primary care, and to return to them or go to the ED immediately if your symptoms change or worsen. So if they gave you IV fluids and instructed you to stay hydrated, that’s reasonable. Either way, care for things like diarrhea is almost always supportive care for symptom management; as long as your vital signs were reasonable they are not negligent to discharge you from their care. The fact that in your particular case you required further treatment is unlikely to be their fault. IANAL, but malpractice is a tough thing to prove because you have to prove there's intention or neglect. Since you ended up getting proper treatment from the hospital, my guess is no, it's not worth suing. You'd have to prove their lack of diagnosis caused significant damage. Your damages are unlikely to be big enough that you could even find a good attorney to take the case.