 Reposting after fixing errors Forgive me if this is not the right sub or flair. I organized my daughters birthday and it was decided between me and decorator that she would place a photo of my daughter on every table. I sent her 5 photos and she printed and framed them. As the event ended, I forgot about them while leaving and only remembered them when I came home. At this point, I called my decorator and asked her if she had them. She said no. I called the venue and they got back to me next day, saying no. I tried asking my friends, but they weren't sure who took them. Both the venue and the decorator have given me convincing arguments to prove that they are not the one to take those photos. Decorator says we printed them for $2 at Walgreens and they are not useful to us anymore and if we had them we would give them to you (although she owns the frames in which the photos were put). I asked the decorator multiple times in various forms and offered to pay extra if she had to spend more than what i paid her. She denies it. Venue says they host weddings of 500 people and our small party of 50 was the least chaotic event they ever did. They claim that they never throw away anything, and they claim to even have old shoes and balloons from one year ago, because this (forgetting stuff) happens frequently at Big weddings and they don't discard anything. Ok. Coming to the legal issue. The venue manager told me they have CCTV cameras everywhere and they can see who took the photos. So i have a couple of questions. 1. Is this even worth legally pursuing? May be i am overthinking. I mean those photos probably ended up in trash by now (event is 2 weeks old now). And who will have a use of those photos. And they can be printed for $10. But a part of me thinks that apart from emotional value, there is an obvious privacy concern and it just is a matter of principle, i dont like being lied to and frankly it's just creepy to think someone took my photos. 2. What are my legal options? The venue has been dodging me citing computer problems. I am sure they are just screwing me around. Who doesn't get computers fixed for 2 weeks. Do I need a lawyer or go to the police? Thanks in advance. Sorry if this post is confusing but i wasnt sure if this is something worth pursuing.  Thanks. That makes sense. I don’t know why people keep downvoting this. Not every post on this sub is a high profile murder case.  That is very unlikely, but even if it weren't there is no legal avenue to prevent it. If someone took the photos they could easily have copied them, in fact they could have just taken a photo of the picture with their phone and not bothered stealing the pictures. Getting the original photos back doesn't prevent any of that.  Good grief, what kind of pictures did you use? I was just concerned if there is a potential of malicious use of those photos. That's all.  I just fixed a few details and reposted it.  You should just move on with your life. There is no major monetary loss here to pursue and somebody probably just threw them out thinking that it was garbage that had been left at the venue.  Didn't you post this a few days ago? Did anything new happen since then?