 My sister just had a situation happen and it seems odd to me and wanted to get input on it. She's worked for a company for a few years and back around October of last year started having some medical issues and her primary care physician pulled her out of work. She was receiving short term disability and being covered under FMLA. She got a call about a week ago from HR and they asked her for an exact return to work date. Her doctor hasn't provided her with any kind of information other than that she would be out until the health problem was rectified, basically an open ended doctor's note which she had previously communicated to and given to her employer. She was unable to provide them with a date. She just recieved a letter of termination citing that she didn't provide a date to them and a bill for them covering her health insurance while she was out of work (1.5k). I told her to call a labor lawyer or someone with the state but since it's the weekend and that'll probably have to wait until the beginning of the week, I figured I would ask whether this is futile and she should just move on or it it's worth further pursuit. She should check her disability policy through work. She may still be covered for disability payments even if she is no longer employed by the company. If she was enrolled in Long Term Disability, it's possible she might fulfill the eligibility requirement for that policy as well. All that would depend on the rules of the policies she was covered under. Thank you for the input. At least now I have a little better understanding of an allowable time frame. Without having the exact date available to me right now i'd just be playing a guessing game until i am able to speak to her again. I'll be sure to talk to her about what is actually on her paperwork but it seems like they gave her what they could and she reached her limit.  I appreciate you chiming in and i'll be sure to ask her when i speak with her tomorrow. I apologize for not having the exact details.  Yeah, the FMLA specifically provides 12 weeks of protected leave per 12 months Most companies use a "rolling" 12-month period, rather than matching it to the calendar year, but she might want to check and make sure It's impossible to give you advice without knowing those things. The total amount of missed time is critically important to know. You may be onto something there. I was not aware the limit was 12 weeks. That would make sense of why the termination letter is slightly backdated.  I'm sure she did but i'm not sure of the date at this moment.   When specifically did she stop working? Because October 29th, 2018 (last Monday in October) to January 21, 2019 is exactly 12 weeks. She very well may have run out of protected leave How much work had she missed? Did she complete this form? If so, what was answered for Part A question 1?