 Long story short, I have a neighbor who completely makes up behaviors that we aren’t committing and continually accuses us of being liars. We have tried to talk to her about this but it is difficult to have rational discussions with her when she claims she sees us walking down the street smoking cigarettes so we must be smoking inside because she “sees and smells smoke in her house” (we do not smoke cigarettes). The last time she knocked on door at 11pm and wouldn’t leave until we threatened to call the police. She has been knocking on our walls at odd hours of the night since we moved in. Oddly enough it isn’t when we are say smoking weed (I know she isn’t smelling this because she is adamant that it is cigarette smoke and that she only smelled weed once ever, also we have a brick wall and drywall separating our houses and NO shared ventilation or open windows) in our rooms or even playing loud music. It is most often in the middle of the night when we are sleeping and it wakes us up. Everyone will be quiet and have been in bed for hours. It used to be a light knock but has recently becoming pounding. Last night, the knock occurred on the shared will with my roommate who wasn’t even there. She was at home with her parents. The knocking gives me extreme anxiety and makes me feel like I can’t even exist in my home. It has become much more aggressive recently. Is there a point where this knocking constitutes harassment and I could contact law enforcement? I know the trespassing would’ve constitute a call but we didnt call then. I need this to stop to live a happy life in the place I pay to live. I have no worry we are in legal danger as even though we don’t smoke cigarettes, it isn’t illegal and neither is marijuana in my city. (Side note, we have moved nearly all marijuana use to the basement to try and make her life easier. As I said, since she isn’t smelling it in reality this hasn’t helped). What can I do legally?  this is very good advice. I hadn’t thought of setting up a camera for noises while we slept  Record things. Even if it means recording yourself hanging out in snoozeville. Seriously. If you have video evidence of where you are and what you are doing, you can use this against the loon next door. IANAL but there are plenty of cameras and recording systems you can get for this. I know it's a pain in the rear, but sometimes the only route. I had to get deer cameras for outside my own home because of a separate matter.  It is decriminalized.  Is it legal to smoke marijuana where you live? 