 Last August, in Illinois, an incident happened. I didn’t see an issue with it at the time, but the other person involved recently contacted me breaking off our friendship because she feels I sexually assaulted her. I (M18) was invited to a party by a friend-with-benefits (F17) last August. I walked to the house, she came out saying she was pretty crossed (drunk and high for those who don’t know) and wanted to leave. I called us an Uber and didn’t ask about the party because she seemed to have been in a bad mood. At this point I feel it’s relevant to say that this person and myself had previous intimacy. We had sex, and most traditional foreplay in the past. The only other notable instance was when she told me that she sometimes got nervous saying no to people, which is why I always made sure to ask her if she was okay with what was going on while being intimate. When we got back to my house, I started to drink too so I wasn’t the only drunk one. We were just chilling in my room and watching the office. She seemed like she was sobering up a bit so I kissed her. This lead to us making out for a while. Eventually I began touching her chest, but I felt like things were getting kind of one sided. So I asked her if she was okay. She said she was fine, just tired. I asked her if she wanted me to go down on her so she wouldn’t have to over exert herself or whatnot. She said she wanted to stop. So we did. Eventually, I walked her to a friends house so she could sleep there. Except for the aforementioned instance, she never expressed being uncomfortable. When she contacted me recently though, she said there were several moments that “freaked her out” but she never told me that night. I think the questionable part here is whether or not the difference in intoxication in the beginning was an issue. She said I put a hand on her leg while waiting for the Uber, so I’m guessing I was probably hoping we would do something later. One of the main reasons I drank is because I didn’t feel comfortable kissing a drunk person while sober. I feel like while we were hooking up we were around the same level of intoxication. She might’ve been more drunk than I was but from what I can tell it wasn’t by much. I wouldn’t have done this with someone I hadn’t had sex with before, but she had no issues with hooking up with me previously, so I wasn’t banking on her intoxication to get laid or anything. I would’ve been more comfortable hooking up with her sober. I also consistently asked her throughout if she was doing okay because of how she previously expressed that she had a hard time saying no to people, and because I was a little uncomfortable because I’d never hooked up with someone who was a different level of intoxication than me. Did I commit sexual assault? I think I did. Even if I didn’t legally, I definitely wouldn’t do anything like this again as I feel like it was in the grey zone of what I personally find okay, despite us having a comfortable and positive sexual history. But legally speaking, did I commit sexual assault?  “if they’re not sober they can’t consent” It will probably make your life a whole lot easier if you live by this in the future. What you describe seems as if it might be problematic personally and socially but likely not legally. And it's probably wiser and safer to deal with this discomfort by waiting for your partner to be more sober instead of you becoming more drunk. Morally, ethically, that Okay. Thanks. She wasn’t super intoxicated, if anything she was more stoned. I kept coming back to the general rule of “if they’re not sober they can’t consent” and this perspective was helpful.  Hella people don’t have legal advice on here. Goodness, this young man needs some humanity.  Do not comment if you don’t have legal advice. Comment removed.  Being intoxicated does not automatically mean she was incapable of consenting. Generally speaking, she would have to be intoxicated to the point of incapacitation for her to be unable to give consent.  Legally? I can’t answer because I’m not a lawyer. But! Please know that the fact that you heard her out and are reflecting back on your actions means that you are a good person. You made a mistake, and communication failed in this situation. Take this and learn from it. Try not to beat yourself up and move forward in life with a more developed sense of self awareness. You would be so good at educating men around this topic, because it’s clear you have the capacity to reflect on yourself and grow. Best of luck to you young man. 