 I'd like to start off by saying I've tried doing some mild research of my own, but I can't find a definite answer. If I didn't look hard enough, I apologize. I have been working for this pizza company for over five years now and there have always been some questionable things going on (for example, apparently we are exempt from having lunches/breaks), but for the most part things have been nothing I couldn't tolerate. It's just a pizza job, after all, and I'd rather not get worked up over small things. I recently transferred stores do to some conflict I have with management--without going too far into details, the GM they brought back to my store has sticky fingers, and I'm not willing to risk being the scapegoat. So I transferred. The GM at my new store used to manage my local store, and we share a disdain for the sticky-fingered GM, so he brought me in with open arms and offered me pretty decent pay (for being a delivery driver). I accepted. Last week, there were some issues with the computer system. Every bit of information from two days was completely erased. I checked my pay stub today to make sure the numbers matched what I recorded on my spreadsheet. They did, so that nightmare was avoided. Unfortunately, I noticed something else. My hourly wage was $1.50/hr lower than what my GM had told me I'd get--and I saw him enter that as my rate of pay when he put me in the system. The only information I could find regarding wage reduction and its legality with regard to requiring prior notice is on [this page](), and it doesn't seem to clearly answer my question. FAQ #2 bluntly states that the Fair Labor Standards Act doesn't "preclude an employer from lowering an employee's hourly rate, provided the rate paid is at least the minimum wage." The rest of the page discusses salary, which is not how I'm paid. I'm assuming that because there is a distinction between hourly wage and salary that the two are not treated the same with regard to these laws. So I vented about this to my friends, and one of them came back to me with [this](). Unfortunately, this is a .com site and is not an official statement of laws. Even worse, the link to the VA Department of Labor FAQ page is an old link and goes nowhere. Am I shit out of luck on this one? My GM did change my wage back to what we agreed upon--this is most certainly the district manager's doing, not his. Should I just eat the loss to avoid starting drama, or is it worth pursuing backpay or legal consultation? If I missed any information in this post, please let me know and I'll gladly provide it. Thank you for your help. Btw, this is not LEGAL advice, it’s merely my thoughts about company policies. I am not a lawyer. I wish I could magically add transparency to the core values of every employee hand book in the country.  I have never seen such paperwork, and I certainly didn't sign anything when I did the transfer. I'll ask my GM about that. Confirm with payroll, and any transfer process worth it’s own weight has a PAF (personnel action form) process that requires hiring manager and employee signature to acknowledge the change.  I already spoke to him. He said it was not his doing and changed my rate of pay back to what he originally had me at. Before you you go down the conspiracy rabbit hole, how about you first ask your new GM about it. There are a lot of checks and balances is payroll, steps sometime get missed. It’s probably a mere oversight. Source: I am the person at my company who is in charge of, wrote and enforce my company payroll, hiring, transfers and promotions policies. 