 Located in Maine. When I was in my early twenties my parents and I set up a trust with an attorney who was recommended by a family acquaintance. We went over the Irrevocable Trust paperwork, which outlined the basics, and I signed them. During this process, I asked what I would be billed for the services, and was told that it was a "fair price". This was about five years ago, and I've been asking for a monthly, yearly, or total breakdown of billing every few months. Every time I ask, I'm told that they are "working on it". I have yet to receive even a single billing for services, and I have no idea how much money they are taking for themselves out of the trust account. How do I go about acquiring this information? Also, since I don't know if I'm being charged an hourly rate of a flat rate, I've spent a lot of time on the phone with the office secretary trying to figure this all out. I don't want to find that I've been charged a fortune for trying to gather such basic information. Any help would be appreciated.  Talk to a different lawyer amd remove the trustee due to incompetence. I have not. I've asked for them, but they have never been provided to me nor to the settler of the trust. I've considered that I'm just worried about retaliatory action from the trustee. In the past, when I've asked for things like documentation of insurance payments, information on where the money was invested, etc, I find that certain bills will go unpaid, or that I'm being charged late fees on other bills. I know that filing a complaint with the state bar will immediately out me as the complainant to the trustee (lawyer). Is there a way around this? Have you received annual accountings of the trust assets, investments, disbursements, etc? The attorney fees will be listed there. Sorry for not clarifying. I am the beneficiary, the lawyer is the trustee. Who is the trustee of the trust? Is it the law firm themselves? Or someone else? And who is the beneficiary? You can file a conplaint with the state bar association for a fee dispute.