 We have a vacant lot behind us. In the 10 years that we have owned our property we have seen him exactly once, when he bought the lot in 2010. A tree from that lot lost it's entire top and took out our fence. I would like to cut the tree at the stump (approximately 12 feet of trunk) so that it doesn't topple into our yard on the next windstorm. The pine tree in question is very much dead, especially without a top, and the branches I cut up that fell in our yard were full of rot and bugs. It's half uprooted and leaning at an awful angle. We have been trying to get in contact with the owners of the lot, but the info on the land records is not up to date, and they have a super common last name (think Jones/Smith). I contacted the town and asked about the tree and for help finding the owner's contact info, and was told to just cut it up and leave the wood in the lot (small town, CT, got the impression they didn't want to put in any effort). I realize I'd be trespassing (by approximately 1.5 feet), but the tree itself is dangerous as it is and is half uprooted and quite rotted. I think I've done my due diligence to try to get a hold of the owner to get permission to cut down the tree. (Plus, I'd really like to get the fence fixed, and it would be heart-breaking to have the rest of the tree fall on my new fence!) What legal trouble could I get into for removing this tree?  Document the tree being dead and your attempts to contact him. You will need this proof later to sue for damages if the tree does fall. Unfortunately, the small town just telling "it's fine just do it" won't hold up if the lot owner decides to be a dick. Ask them to classify the tree as a public or private nuisance, thereby forcing the lot owner to remove the tree. Send copies of the pictures of the tree to the lot owner if you can via certified mail, let him know you will hold him responsible for damages if the tree causes any Can you get the town to put their directive in writing?  IANAL Might want to visit r/treelaw for some examples, but main gist is they can sue you for the value of the tree if it's actually on their property.