  My criminal record is keeping me from continuing my education as a medical assistant, and pursuing the military. so I am seeking expungment (vacate) in Washington state. However, I paid my restitution in full, late. Like late-late. 4 years after my initial conviction. My crime is eligible for every condition of vacation EXCEPT for the fact that 5 years hasn't passed since I paid my restitution. ( however, being a malicious mischeif DV charge, it has been 5 years since the conviction date.) In my own research on the subject, I have come to the conclusion that is possible to petition the court to expunge it, should I be able to put up a reasonable case. In your experience, do you think a judge has the power to expunge my record in his/her discretion to do so? Or am I mistaken? I just find it absolutely ridiculous that I will be punished for 4 additional years, on top of the 5 that has passed, because I was ignorant and didnt pay my fine in an appropriate time frame. This is keeping me from becoming a productive member of society, in the way I want to. All over late paid fines! Also FYI: I am not under the Lautenberg Amendment, I still possess gun rights and it is a gross misdemeanor. The NCO was issued at the time of my arrest, My conviction did not result any any probation or confinement, only that I did 24 hours of community service and paid restitution. And yes, it was a Mal Mis 3rd degree. I am probably hooped but I guess it's worth a shot, I'll gather all the documents I can. when I hear it from a judge I will settle I am screwed. Thank you for your input, you are amazingly helpful. You’re welcome, good luck!  Malicious mischief can be a DV charge when the victim has a domestic relationship with the offender as defined in [RCW 10.99.020](=10.99.020). Since it was a gross misdemeanor, my conclusion is that it was the malicious mischief in the 3rd degree ([RCW 9A.48.090](=9A.48.090)), which involves destroying the property of another person (valued less than $750). If you managed to get DV out of graffiti in subpart 1(b), then you're a heck of an artist. Was the no-contact order issued automatically at the time of your arrest, after your conviction, or independently in civil court by petition ? Did your conviction result in any period of confinement, or any probation period, or any other conditions other than the restitution ? If you were on probation, when did that probation end ? Was paying your fine a condition of probation ? The issue your research has probably brought you to is part of [RCW 9.96.060](=9.96.060), Misdemeanor or gross misdemeanor offenses [...] Vacating records—Domestic violence records. The functional sentence in subsection (1) is: If the court finds the applicant meets the tests prescribed in subsection (2) of this section, the court may in its discretion vacate the record of conviction Subsection 2(e) describes the reasons that a DV conviction could not be vacated: as defined in RCW 10.99.020, or the court determines after a review of the court file that the offense was committed by one family member or household member against another, or the court, after considering the damage to person or property that resulted in the conviction, any prior convictions for crimes defined in RCW 10.99.020, or for comparable offenses in another state or in federal court, and the totality of the records under review by the court regarding the conviction being considered for vacation, determines that the offense involved domestic violence, and any one of the following factors exist: 's office that prosecuted the offense for which vacation is sought, or has not provided that notification to the court; . For purposes of this subsection, however, if the current application is for more than one conviction that arose out of a single incident, none of those convictions counts as a previous conviction; ; or Less than five years have elapsed since the person completed the terms of the original conditions of the sentence, including any financial obligations and successful completion of any treatment ordered as a condition of sentencing; Financial obligations are defined in 9.94A.030 as what you think, including court-ordered restitution. Even if your conviction was not for a DV categorized crime (or determined to have been committed against a family member), then section 2(f) would extend the usual 3 year period to 5 years since the end of any protective order or restraining order. I read the 5-year period after the payment of restitution in 2(e)(iv) and the end of the protective order in 2(f) as being disqualifying as a matter of statute, not as a matter of the judge's discretion. The law lays out the strict requirements before turning the decision over to a judge. That being said: criminal defense is not my discipline. This is worth a discussion with an attorney who represents people on these kinds of expungement petitions. Gather up any documents or records you have about the conviction, and records about exactly when you finished the restitution and were released from any probation or restraining orders. Thank you SO much for a legitimate answer and not just a "no, you're screwed wait till your 30, go fuck yourself." I get from avvo. At this point I'm willing to spend whatever it takes, I have been trying to contact my actual lawyer who helped me previously drop the no-contact order. Also, I have already talked with the Navy and the Army, they have both told me with the given information, I would have an 80% chance I just need to expunge the charge first. Thank you again for your input! You would need to ask a criminal defense attorney in your county about the feasibility of such a petition. And you’d probably need to hire one to help you prepare it, if petitions like these are doable. Expect to spend $1000+ if you hire one. It’s worth noting that expungement will not help you for certain types of job applications, including military and law enforcement. The military runs more comprehensive background checks than most employers, and they will still find a record of the conviction in the Justice Department’s records. Expungement won’t make the conviction disappear, it will just make it disappear from most generic background checks. You should disclose your conviction in your military application regardless of whether or not you expunge it.