 I’m a software engineer at a decent sized company and came across the CA Labor Code 515.5 that states ‘OT Exempt Computer Professionals’ must have a min salary of ~94k. I brought this up to my HR and after a few days she said engineers here are classified as ‘OT Exempt Learned Professionals’ which has a min salary of ~46k. She agreed that I fall under both categories but the company decided that all software engineers here are classified as Learned Professionals. Is this legal? Being a Learned Professional has a much lower barrier of entry so why would any company classify their employee as a computer professional and pay more if they can just label them as a Learned Professional?  Great, I was hoping I was misunderstanding what you were asking. You're headed the right direction, I'd go ahead and contact the DoL. There is a link there to find a local office to visit/call if you have questions. You might start there and make sure you're interpreting the statutes correctly, and information on how to file a claim is there as well. I see what you’re saying and appreciate your response but my point isn’t as much the minimum salary as it is the classification. I’ve verified across the company that salaried employees are are OT Exempt. I have no problem NOT making that minimum amount but then I do want to be entitled to the 1.5x for overtime. When my director calls me up at 10pm asking me to get something done by the morning because of a sudden deadline (which happened) I want to be fairly compensated for it. Or on my holiday I get asked to work due to production issues and expected to work at a moments notice, I deserve either my salary to reflect that (under this law) or get overtime. I feel I’m being taken advantage of due to what they expect from an OT Exempt engineer while not lawfully classifying and compensating me for those expectations.  You're reading that whole passage wrong (or I'm misunderstanding what you're getting at). The statue says that if you make below a certain amount of money, you cannot be classified as an exempt employee for purposes of calculating overtime. The statute does NOT say that you must be paid over $94K since the company is calling you exempt. In your case, your action would be to get your employer to properly classify you as a non-exempt employee and properly pay you for overtime (assuming you meet all of the other criteria). Contact your state Department of Labor if you feel you are improperly classified. Do not expect them to increase your salary, the government does not have that power (in your case). I understand what you are saying. Here is the problem: Exemptions, in particular, are narrowly construed and are only allowed if the employer is “plainly and unmistakably” entitled to classify the employee as exempt. If an employee disputes the classification, it is the employer’s burden to prove that the employee was properly classified as exempt. Source: You would have to dispute the classification and this would most likely involve a lawyer. Is this really worth your time and money? You may consider asking these questions if you apply for a new employer.  I’m an Exempt employee who fulfills all the requirements listed under Labor code 515.5 for Computer Professionals as agreed by my HR. The problem is they’re not acknowledging it and instead classify us as a Learned Professional which doesn’t have the same min requirement of ~95k  Labor code 515.5 only applies to employees who meet all of the requirements listed. The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) governs wage and hour laws of nonexempt employees. The law requires employers to pay nonexempt employees at least the federal minimum wage and requires the payment of overtime for an employee who works more than 40 hours in a week. The labor codes are supposed to protect those even under salary though They can do whatever they want if you are salary. When I was an electrical engineer I was salary and employment at will. Plus they paid engineers 30k less than the industry. Needless to say I don’t work there anymore.