 I was in high school working for this guy. We poured concrete. We were both skiers and he was running low on money. He was an absolute piece of shit. My dad worked for him too and when he quit because he found a better job, he just fucked him over. But anyways, he said “I’ll sell you this pair of skis for $200. They were worth a little under a grand. I told him no because 1. They weren’t my size. 2. They were powder skis. 3. We never get any powder. He said just try them out a couple of times. As I thought I would hate them. He never asked for them back and to be honest I forgot all about them. Pretty shitty on my part but at the same time this guy fucked over my family too so I don’t really care about that. I worked at a ski hill in the winter and I stayed at a friends house to do it. His dad decided to try them out and he loved them. He was like hey man I’ll keep feeding you and putting a roof over your head if I can keep these. Sounded like a good trade to me! Especially since I figured the guy who let me use the skis forgot about them. So now, about 3 years later he wants the skis back and says he’s going to take me to court if he doesn’t get them back. Could he do anything about it at this point? Especially since I told him I didn’t want them in the first place. He made me take them and try them out. Thanks for your help in advance! Charge him a $1300 storage fee.  If somehow you do get served with a lawsuit, show up though. I wouldn't lose any sleep in the meantime.  Exactly what I was thinking. Plus we have way too much crap on him. He never gave my dad his last paycheck. But my family knew he was hurting for money at the time so they just let it go trying to be good people. I think I’ll be fine lol. Thanks! $1000 skis, that were used when you got them 3 years ago, are worth about $23 now. Let him bark all he wants.  Probably not theft, as you’ve described how it went down. You’re argument is going to be he have them to you and never picked them up. He’ll say you should have returned them after you tried them out. Who knows how it would turn out in small claims court but if it were me, I wouldn’t sweat it. What’s the value of the used, 5 year old )or however old they are now) skis? You got a few hots and a cot at your buddies ski place in exchange for the skis so you could offer this guy a few bucks and tell him to get on down the road. Most people that say they are going to sue never go through it. It takes a little work and effort.  Thanks for the response! Really puts me at ease  He can sue you for the value of the skis. His case is weak at best. I wouldn't worry about it. Ignore him and move on.  No I did not. Is that theft? Even though he just gave them to me knowing I didn’t want them?  Did you ever pay the $200 for them?