 Need some advice. I live in Northern Nevada and had a lease where I gave first and last months rent, cleaned the whole place and painted. So pretty much renovated the place. In the receipts I got from the landlord it said she would reimburse me for anything I had to buy to renovate. We were originally moving in on November 1st. But it was not ready for us so we moved it to the 15th so she could clean and paint. Finally we told her we would clean and paint and she could pay us back, hence why we were renovating the place. Finally, we were about to move in after renovating and at some point in the night while we were not there the landlord kicked the door open, stole our impact drill and just vanished (she was apparently mixing meth and acid). We waited a week and went back and found that the place had been taken over by a new "property manager" and that the old "landlord" was really the property owners granddaughter. She had been living there for that last 5-10 years and renting out certain parts of the property which is why I had no idea it was not her house. I also lived there 4 years ago for 6 months with no issues. The granddaughter that vanished had been taken to jail for 3 counts of felony child abuse and neglect and was running from the police. My question, is should I sue the property owner for allowing this to happen (as it happened to several people) or do I need to sue the granddaughter for my money back. She owes me well over 5 thousand at this point. Any help would be great!!! And yes I do have all my documents, recorded conversations, receipts and I have proof from 4 years ago when I lived there without issues for 6 months. I also have the police report from my house being broken into and my drill being stolen. Thank you! You can file a police report over the stolen impact drill. In this case you sue the granddaughter, not the property owner. You face an uphill battle collecting if you win since the grandaughter is a meth head and probably doesn’t have much assets anyway. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.