 To prefix this, I am actively trying to retain a lawyer. I know that /r/legaladvice isn’t going to fix anything for me, but I’m trying to find out what is happening and why. I have no idea. I was took a plea deal a few years back for a Class-A Misdemeanor because I was a stupid 23 year old and had consensual sex with a young woman who was 6 days from turning 18. It has been the biggest mistake of my life. It ruined my life and I lost my job, took $15,000 out in loans for a lawyer, and have spent about $5,000 in treatment and fines. I understand the first inclination to think I’m a piece of crap or worse. I was immature, had never had a girlfriend before, and was dumb. I was given 3 years probation and I had to complete treatment and take a variety of tests on a continuous basis to check that I was abiding by all laws and maintaining good standing. I have made many positive changes to my life, including finding the love of my life, completing a bachelors degree, and finding a career. I’ve followed all laws and conditions of my probation, and have never had an issue. I’ve always had a good relationship with whatever probation officer was assigned to me. This past week, I just found out that my boss was subpoenaed to appear before a grand jury regarding me. This has come completely out of left field for me. We work together regularly and it’s pretty awkward having this massive bombshell hovering over me and knowing he and I can’t discuss it due to obvious reasons. I have NO idea what this could be about. Did I just pull the short straw and get a prosecutor who decided to try to fuck up my life a month before I’m off probation? Why would my boss be subpoenaed? Does that mean they’re thinking I did something bad at work? No one has approached me and I have no reason to suspect I’ve broken any laws, even unintentionally.  What happened? That could be the source of the flame beneath all this. My boss told me he had been subpoenaed, and I contacted my probation officer. She has no idea what this is about and didn’t see anything in her records.  Yes. The victim’s mom was the one who pushed for all this. The dad and the victim didn’t want this and spoke out against it in court.  Was this female's parents super pissed and breathing fire when all this went down years ago? That is not what grand juries do.  May be a civil case and they are doing dispositions a prosecutor doesn't need your boss,s testimony info t of a grand jury to get an incitement. This also may be because it's a sex crime and you are getting off of probation there might be a law I your state that sees if you should be let off of probation or if you are still a treat and should remain on supervision. May want to look into that aspect.  Who told you, how did you find out that your boss was subpoenaed ? Did you contact your probation officer and ask him anything about this ?  Grand juries are to indict and create criminal complaints (new ones). If my boss is misunderstanding this subpoena (I haven’t asked to see it for fear of how that could influence him or the proceedings) and it’s about getting me off, that would be a huge relief. I’ve consulted with 2 lawyers thus far and each want $7,500 in retainer to even find out for me.  Is it just to get you off probation?