 Location: Toledo, Ohio So before I moved into my apartment, I emailed (who I assume to be my landlord or a higher up at least) a staff member of the apartment complex asking what was owed of me during my move-in. Because I was confused whether I only had to pay $299 as rent since I was moving in in the middle of January, $669 as my full rent, or a combination of both. So their response was that I only had to pay the $299 in order to move in and I would not get my keys otherwise. And my regular rent payment would start on February 1st, 2019. So before I moved in, I payed an amount of $299.99. The staff member working there verified my payment and gave me my keys. So today, I get a eviction letter saying that I have until January 30th, 2019 to leave the premises due to me owing a balance of $369.01. So according to the lease that I signed, I was suppose to be charged $669 on January 1st, 2019. But according to my landlord, I didn't have to pay that amount until February first. So I don't know what to do really aside from talking to him tomorrow and see what is going on. But in which case, does my landlord have the right to evict me even though he lied about what I had to pay? Or does the lease I signed protect him from any possible legal action? That’s weird. 299 wouldn’t be a pro-rate. I would ask them for a ledger and take the diplomatic route to see what they say you owe and why you owe it. According to my lease agreement, my lease started on January 11th, 2019. When did your lease start? If the lease term began in the middle of the month it would be prorated unless there is a very specific clause stating that rent for the first month is not prorated. My pleasure. Good luck!  Understood. Thank you for your help. I'll be sure to update you tomorrow. It will impact you quite a lot. It will be hard to get a new place to live and it will hurt your credit. And remember, you will also have to pay the entirety of your rent unless your jurisdiction requires mitigation, and then you would have to pay rent until the place is re-leased. I wouldn't want to be ripped off either. But even though I could easily handle such a case myself, and with your evidence would probably win, I still probably wouldn't bother with it. Some people might say that makes me a wimp. But, when I think of the time, effort, and harm to the relationship going forward, it just isn't worth it to me. If I didn't have the money, it would be a different matter, of course.  Your right. Assuming the worst case scenario, my pride would want to make a point. But you're right. I'll talk to the leasing office tomorrow and see what will happen next. But one last question. I am aware that appartment complex usually ask if you have been evicted before. Assuming the absolute worst case and I do get evicted, how will that effect me legally, financially, and in terms of gaining future housing? The problem is you have a conflict between the email and the lease. I would start by sending a copy of the email to the landlord, if you haven't already done so. It is conceivable the landlord made a mistake in that amount or it is possible the landlord made a mistake in sending the eviction notice. An email is written proof, but you have to decide if you want to risk going to court over $369.01. If i were me, I would first try to resolve the problem with the landlord, and if I could not, I would pay the $369.01. Court is a pain in the ass, you don't want to have a bad relationship with your landlord, and while you might win, you also might lose. But, if you don't want to pay it and you don't mind dealing with court, you can roll the dice in court and see what happens when you show the email.  I have a documented email of a staff member (again, potentially the landlord) saying that I only need to pay the $299 and owe nothing more. So would this considered "written proof", or does it need to be in some form of pen or paper or something? You need to go by what you have in writing on your lease. If the lease states you have to pay full rent on January 1, then you have to pay full rent on January 1. If you have written proof that you only had to pay $299.99, then show it to the landlord. If they take you to court to evict you and you have written proof that you only had to pay $299.99, then you will have a good shot of winning your case. If, however, you do not have proof, or they manage to win for whatever reason, then you will be evicted. If you get evicted, you will likely have to pay the entirety of the rent for the lease term as well as attorney's fees. This is not something you want to have happen to you.