 Backstory: I'm an elementary school PE teacher. I created a website to promote elective-based fitness testing for elementary school phys ed programs (as a positive alternative to mandatory fitness testing). I bought the webdomain off GoDaddy, created the page and launched. Currently in about 40 schools nationwide. The entire program is free (I'm a broke philanthropist I guess) so I never really worried about CC issues. I keep being told by others in the fitness industry that I need to CC ASAP or "someone" bigger is going to swoop in and capitalize on this. [This]() is the website in question. I'm not really sure if this is the right place, long time Redditor/first time posting in legal advice. Either way, thank you to any and all who read this! They can ask you to stop whether or not you're profiting. Failure to do so might put trademarks in jeopardy or could result in someone trying to sue them if a child was injured following YOUR plan. - Even bogus lawsuits cost money.  Understandable. I am using the show to "hook" kids into being interested in fitness testing. Does it matter if I'm not profiting? I have zero interest in making this a monetized venture for exactly the reason you stated.  It seems like you're trying to capitalize on an existing television show. Whether or not to register the copyright you need to be prepared for a cease and desist from NBC if they find out about it. At the very least you should remove the word ninja from the name of your program.  Thank you! Not legal advice, get out of GoDaddy now, try to go to namecheap or something similar , GoDaddy is known for racking up domain names prices when there's a lot of traffic Document its creation with dates etc. It does not hurt to add copyright text, and you should consider a terms of service/use on it, so, for one, you can control commercial use. You might be happy for public schools (and perhaps private ones) to use it, but you might not want businesses making money from it, or attempting to take control of it. There is no need for a copyright notice.  Going through the copyright pages now, it's a real head-scratcher but gonna get it done! Copyright is automatic, if you wrote it then it's under copyright (outside of certain niche cases). If you want it better protected you can register your copyright which allows for higher penalties for infringement (assuming they are in a jurisdiction that cared and have means to pay). Registering a copyright is not free, so figure out if it's worth it for you. Put simply with an unregistered copyright you can only expect to recover damages, which can be very difficult to prove and likely impossible given the nature of your site. With a registered copyright you can sue for statutory damages as well, without having to prove you were directly harmed by the infringement. It's a huge difference in ease-of-enforcement. You also need to determine what you actually own on the site, if anything was written by someone other than you then you need to get the copyright transferred in writing. If you want to allow others to use or build on your work you still can with permissive licensing. I'm not familiar with licenses for what you're doing but GPL is popular for software, and Creative Commons for multimedia. If you put a copyright notice at the bottom of each page, you have copyrighted it. If your goal is to share it without charge, look at Creative Commons copyright. By using Creative Commons labeling you are telling people they are free to use it without charge, but they don’t own it. Read up about it. There are a couple of different Creative Commons wordings to use. Get your copyright! Especially now that you just shared a link to the site with the world.