 My friend offed me free Hulu access, saying I could get tons of shows and movies for free on demand, and live TV, and save $43/mo using it. So he gave me the Email and password to a Hulu account, but I realized it wasn't his account. He told me that he sent a lady on Facebook he knew a keylogger, and managed to get her computer to send him her Hulu Email and password when she typed it in. Then he used the logged password to access her Hulu. He says she won't find out, but will she? So far I've been enjoying Hulu on my tablet at night. What trouble could I get in for using her Hulu account? I'm not effecting her so I should be OK. Steal take (another person's property) without permission or legal right and without intending to return it. Take remove (someone or something) from a particular place. What is being lost here? Nothing 2/10, try harder.  So add purgory to the list of crimes too. Wow. You came here looking for validation, you aren't getting it, so maybe you should just give up before you fall when further behind. Theft of service loses time and job I watch TV at night You dumb. Very dumb.  No. It does not require that. "Theft of service" specifically addresses when people knowingly and/or falsely utilize services that they are not entitled to use. Every state has a version of it, and they all pair nicely with identity theft and fraud.  Then you should be studying not rotting your brain watching stolen TV. Why   If you take something, someone loses it. If you aren't allowed to take it, you steal.  I just wanted to know if it was illegal or not, but it's not stealing tho  I'm too young to have a job Let’s try again. Are you taking something? Yes, the use of her account. Without paying for it? Yes. This is stealing. It’s a crime. You can get in trouble for it. You are pretending to be her, logging in as her, without her knowledge or permission. I think you already know the answer. Otherwise, why are you asking the question on Reddit? Stay in school, kid. You're wrong, and stupid.  If you take something, someone loses it. If you aren't allowed to take it, you steal. Sharing text and numbers isn't illegal. 100% bad idea! I think I'll be safe. Me and my friend share a VPN (He got me into VPNs almost a year ago), and we never use our real names online. You're an idiot and you have no idea what you're talking about. You're an idiot and you have no idea what you're talking about. No they can't, stealing/taking requires the owner to not have it anymore Sounds shady enough thats its likely theft. I pay $7 a month or so for Hulu. Just get your own account.  No, it doesn't. Digital things can be stolen too.  It's not a full credit card, so I can't do anything with it. Hulu isn't losing anything Why did you post when your mind was already made up? You’re just wasting people’s time and/or trolling.  I didn't hack it. my friend did. Yes Would the police act on somebody who deliberately and illegally accessed her computer, in contravention of the criminal laws? Quite possibly, as shutting down computer hacking is right within the wheelhouse of multiple agencies. I didn't steal anything. Stealing requires the owner to not have it anymore. What did I take away from Hulu or the lady?  That argument has been tried. It failed.  Yeah, doubt that will pass as a valid excuse in court. You are using Hulu services without paying for them and without having the permission of anybody who is paying for them. What do you call it, if not theft? Also note that your friend's little keylogger, assuming this occurred in the US, runs afoul of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, which is a federal criminal law. Her account was illegally accessed and you are the beneficiary, which makes you potentially the subject of a federal criminal investigation. Will you and/or your friend be charged? Maybe, maybe not. The lady may never notice, or may not care if she does, and the cops may not care either. They might, however, and both of you could be looking at serious charges.   't using someone else's Hulu You mean, like, lie? It's only the last 4 digits. I only have the last 4 digits. Go away, troll. No one is this dumb. You can steal services and other non-physical things. Even you know that. You are using another person's account without their permission. In addition you are posing as her by using her account without her permission. So not only theft for identify fraud. And your started you have her CC details and other sensitive information of hers. Even if you never use them, you have them illegally. That's identity theft. All of which is illegal and can be prosecuted in the court of law. Wether you debate the harm caused or not, fact is it’s still illegal. Plus I’m sure she has payment info in there that you now have access to whether you want it or not. This may even fall under identity theft in some states.  It's not stealing, the service provider isn't losing anything and the lady isn't losing her account. It's sharing You are stealing from the service provider, you dolt. You are doing so using stolen login/password information.  But I didn't help him do any crime. I could just say I thought it was his account and that he wasn't using someone else's Hulu  I'm not taking it, she still has it. She doesn't loss access to the account  We can't say. Maybe your friend gets popped and he claims you helped him or knew of his other crimes or any other number of things that could get you slapped with an accessory to the crime charge. You are not doing a legal thing and you cannot say for sure that nothing will happen to you because of it. I'm not stealing anything, she still has her Hulu Are you taking something that doesn’t belong to you without paying for it? If the answer is yes then you are stealing. You're stealin' dude, don't try and justify it. But I didn't do the other illegal things he did so I should be safe right? Depends on the police. Depends on if your "friend" did other illegal shit with her information and the Hulu crap is just the tip of the iceberg.  But would the police act on an anonymous user who was just watching TV on his phone? Seems like a waste of time for the police I'm not stealing though. She still has access to the account.   'm not effecting her, so she can't contact the police? You are mistaken. She can contact the police because her account was illegally accessed.   But I'm not effecting her, so she can't contact the police? Also she has a lot of devices, including an LG LG-L160L (LG), a BRAVIA 4K 2015 TV, a Samsung Galaxy S7 , and an iPhone that belongs to Andy. No. Stealing is illegal. Do not do illegal shit. Without their permission? Not it is not Legal.