 I'll leave a disclaimer right now and say that I am a kinda dumb college student that's figuring stuff out on their own. I recently got my first apartment and was excited to get the wifi going. The landlord gave me this number to call for deals on internet connection. I called, and this guy who is apparently acquainted with my landlord and has a slovakian accent answered and kept promising me special deals and basically gave me double the internet speed that I asked for, for the same price. He then had me confirm my ssn (which my landlord already has) and asked if I called the internet company already, to which I said no. He said "that's very good, very good. I will call you tomorrow and give you a special number to call and then we can set you up with the wifi". My brother (who lives in the same apartment building, but different floor) has gone through this already and hasn't had problems for about a year. But this whole thing seems really really sus and I'm wondering if there's anything that I can really do to look out for myself from here on? I'm kinda on edge right now and dont feel like this is the normal way things go... Thanks! Honestly, I trust the landlord and just don't know much about these things in general. If everything seems pretty standard that already makes me feel a lot better about this. Is it normal to give your SSN when signing up for utilities, including internet service? Yes. The accent is meh. Call center jobs are call center jobs. The guy knowing your landlord? Also meh. Referrals are a thing and if your landlord has enough units and/or cycles through tenants often enough (i.e. caters to college students), it wouldn't be terribly surprising if an ISP has a sales rep assigned to his file. Your landlord probably gets a bonus when people sign up through his referral. Look up the number, see what it comes back to. Just punch it into google. I can understand why you're a bit skeezed out, but I don't see an automatic red flags here. Some cautions, maybe - trust your instincts, you know more about the situation than I do! - but no red flags. It's a good idea to keep an eye on your credit regardless of how your googling pans out. You can pull your report (unscored) from each of the three bureaus once per year for free, so you can set up a rotating schedule to pull one every 4 months. This should let you keep an eye on things. If you see something you don't recognize, dispute it immediately and go from there. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.