 I was making a food delivery and wanted to enter a Gated Community. I stopped at the entrance where they asked for my information, and after being verified I was let through. The gate opened about 45 degrees but then shut again. I waited for them to open it again, at which point I was already at the gate. When the gate was opening I started to drive, and just as I passed it with my windshield it closed on me and hit my windshield twice, then scraping along the top until I came to a halt. There is a security camera which should have recorded the incident and I'm required to call them tomorrow about it. Now the issue is that the gate may not have been open all the way when I was driving through and I need advice on how I can build my case while talking to them. I am sure that I am not at fault and the gate should have continued to open instead of malfunctioning. I cannot bring my insurance into this as the costs would go up immensely so I just need some info on how I can deal with them and make sure they understand that I am not at fault. When I call them tomorrow, I will also ask to go there myself to view the security footage and talk with them in person. I would appreciate any kind of advice that could help me out. No, it's just that my insurance will go up no matter what even if they say I was not at fault. I would prefer just to see if I can get money from them directly, and otherwise I might see if my lawyer can help but I'd prefer it not to become something too big. My car is leased, so it's a pretty big issue regarding the damages. Ah, hadn't considered that - good point. OP probably didn't tell his insurance he's delivering food part time and is worried about the claim being denied and premiums going up. Get a lawyer OP but assuming the damage is bearable to look at/repair, take whatever the country club offers. Don't be surprised when they blame you and offer nothing or charge you for the repair tech to repair the gate.  NAL but your insurance should do the fighting for you. You should get them involved - they will probably handle suing the community and determining fault. They have the resources to fight this and you don't, frankly. I would argue you'd have to have a pretty strong indication you were at fault to not involve them.