 Hi there! This happened while I was on holiday at my folks place, a state away. I'm sorry for the structure of this tale, I'm on mobile, and writing isn't my strong point. I don't know if there is anything that can be done, but just in case there is please let me know. There are three people involved in this story, my good friend (gf), my roommate (rm), and my boss (b). I left my keys with a good friend (gf) to look after my apartment, take care of my plants, and move my car if necessary. My roommate (rm) and my boss (b) also left together on vacation to another state in B's vehicle. After New Year's, the place where I live got about 3ft of snow, both RM's and my car were completely submerged. The apartment complex eventually plowed the roads, but GF was not able to move my car in time, so our cars were compacted. B and RM got back to the apartment before me and were going to free RM's car. I asked if they could also free my car, since we were parked next to each other, enough so that I could do the rest or just leave the shovel there so that I could do it when I got there. RM replied with sure they'll do what they can. So both RM and B freed RM's car and mine. They asked if GF could move my car, so that it wasn't next to a wall of ice. I said yes, and told GM the situation, and he helped with the snow. RM sent me pictures of the whole process and a picture of where exactly they parked my car. As I was traveling back the next day, I asked GF if he still had my keys. He said no he gave them to RM. So I told her when I was coming back, and she opened the apartment for me. We catch up and she told me how B was "testing to see how my car could handle the snow, and if it would lose traction at any point." My car is brand new, has 4 wheel drive, and is great on milage. I last checked it had only about 620 to 640 and a little less than full on gas. I was furious, but tired so I really didn't do anything. The next morning, I went out to where I thought my car was parked, but it wasn't there! It was parked somewhere else! I was running late to work and thought I miss remembered the picture so I didn't think about it. But I looked at the pictures, and yup my car was moved. Even GF backed up the story of where he last saw my car. I checked the milage and it was on 651 and had some gas missing. My car is fine, no scratches or dents. I don't know what to do. B won't admit to it, so my only hope is asking RM why my car was parked there and record that. Other than that what can I do? Sweet, making bank. Well, IRS depreciation rate for 2019 is $0.58/mile so you stand to make a cool $6.38 here. Yeah, I figured. I don't what to be petty, I just want to cover my bases.   't know what to do. B won't admit to it, so my only hope is asking RM why my car was parked there and record that. Other than that what can I do? I suppose you could sue them for the gas that they used. It's not a slam dunk case either. Other than that, nothing. 