 so my friend and I were stopped as we were leaving Walmart and taken to the back office. As soon as we were stopped, we gave the items to the loss prevention man and followed him to the office. The total of the items was $18. He told us that he was not going to get the police involved since all merchandise was returned and the total cost was so low. He took our names and address, and said we would not be banned from the store as this was our first offense. He told us that we would be receiving a letter in the mail telling us everything we needed to know. When I asked if we would be charged or if this would go on our record he said that police would not be involved and that the store manager has the ability to charge us, but likely won’t. Is there anything I should expect to happen legally? He made it seem like we would not be receiving criminal charges, so is the letter we will receive going to be a civil demand for damages? If so, will we have to pay it or does the civil demand not impact criminal records?  Did you receive it? Just curious. How would they recognize them in the store over the camera? There are a lot of shoppers moving around. A lot of traffic. Haha still a thing, but very idiotic considering the cameras and security these days.  Im surprised shop lifting is still a thing with cameras all over the place. I guess you cant monitor all of them. I used to work at several Wal-Marts, not in Asset Protection but on the front end so i learned a lot from them. Mainly parroting what other posts say, they recovered all items, and the total amount was under the cutoff (IIRC, $20 is the minimum they'd need to get police involved, $60 or more means they will be getting police involved), and you didn't make a fuss about it, that's why you got to leave. They'll probably alert any nearby Wal-Marts that you exist, but the paperwork coming in the mail should just be a written warning to not fuck up again, so they can cover their asses if you get caught again and want to get legal involved. Expect to be watched closely, either by camera or on foot, for a while every time you visit there for some time. Glad it wasn't as bad as it could have been! Don't steal stuff though, it's bad. I’ve worked in retail and Loss Prevention retail there is a chance your names and photos will be shared with other local large retailers and you will most likely have a file made at the next two closest Walmart’s encase your ever caught stealing again. You sound like your underage, that’s probably why he let you off the hook. The laws change from state to state but usually it’s not a good idea to detain someone against their will that’s the cops job. So if they brought you in for something petty and your parents weren’t around it’s kind of a grey area. Most places I’ve worked at we call the police to have someone arrested after they’ve been caught stealing so many times or after a certain amount has been reached so they are charged bigger fines. It’s generally just not a good idea to attempt to physically detain a person unless you have a VERY compelling reason. Never steal again. Never let Walmart “Security” arrest you. Don’t ever let private security take you into a back room I understand it’s normal practice for some stores but if it’s legal you can always request to wait in public for a police officer.  It’s all good. I was shitty and made a stupid choice, and I know I will have to pay for my actions. Just wanted some input from here in the meantime, while I wait to see what the letter I get in the mail says so I can go from there. Have a good night!  Well, they admitted to committing a crime and are now wanting reassurance that they won't be held accountable. Seems pretty judgment-worthy to me. Plus there's no way to say one way or the other (thus my "advice" part). This isn't the passing moral judgement subreddit.  Not familiar with Walmart but agreed. They don’t take every kid who ever shoplifted to court. But you’ll likely be on their list and will pop if you shoplift from them again it can go from stupid mistake to real problems.  I don't even want to bother with people who are shitty and steal. You have every right to be charged and may be. Will you? If the store said no, then probably not, esp. if you are young. Nothing Will happen. Try not to worry yourself. If you pay they probably won't bother. Thank you. I will never steal again, it was a stupid mistake for both of us and we have learned from this. If I pay the civil demand, how likely do you think it is that I will have a police report filed against me anyway 