 This is for a remote job and and a remote company. The state of incorporation is Deleware. The governing law jurisdiction is California. So i've been posting and struggling about this for a while now. I've worked there 6 months. Pay never came on time. I got my paycheck after every 6 weeks nearly every time. I was cool with that because at least I was getting paid.I became fed up with that and would stop working around week 4 until I got paid again. Fast forward and one of our most valuable employee quits. Another quit a few weeks ago. I decided to reach out to hear his opinion and he said he was not getting paid and there was zero communication. The company would never explain the pay issues. I asked if I should pursue legal action and he said just cut ties and forget about it. What should I do here? I am a recent college grad and can't really brush off 10k and say oh well. What's the best way to recover my pay. I've heard of going to the labor board but will that get me my money or will I need a lawyer? Extra info: I began saving every bit of evidence that would help me in court if I didn't get paid. I saved every email and have logs of all the work I have done with proof. I emailed my boss and the CEO about 3 times a week and was rarely responded to. I wasn't paid for 11 weeks. However, in an email at about week 6 my boss apologized and said I would be paid in two days, which I wasn't. The same thing happened about 2 weeks later. Finally, I quit in a professional manner and sent them a final invoice in the email. The CEO apologized and ensured my debt would be paid off. I don't believe there is any chance I will get any money. They have never said anything about money problems. They let people work for free know full and well they would not be paying. File a wage claim with the California DLSE. []() That's how you start off anyways. If you get a settlement, that will likely be better to go for that as those have a much higher rate of being paid out by flaky employers. But you're absolutely right, without property to lien or a bank account to seize with a wage claim determination it can be nearly impossible to get paid.