 I'm not sure which legal subreddit this question would be best for. I'm 16 and I'm trying to read into PA's self-defense laws and all the legal terminology is way over my head. Sometimes it sounded like you had to attempt to retreat, but other times it sounded like you didn't need to. I'm just lost in their wording can someone please simplify it? In short, in Pennsylvania you may use force - including deadly force - when you reasonably believe that such force is necessary to defend yourself against death, kidnapping, rape or serious bodily injury. The force used must be proportional to the threat (a slap doesn’t justify you shooting the assailant), and must stop when the threat is over (once the assailant is on the ground, you can’t kick him again). As in most other states, you have a ‘duty to retreat’ prior to using self-defense (with two important exceptions, explained below). In essence, the duty to retreat means that you must attempt to escape the situation (if possible) before resorting to violence. As I said, there are two exceptions to the duty to retreat. First is the ‘Castle Doctrine.’ This states that if you are in your own home, you don’t have to retreat from an assailant who doesn’t live there. You can assume the assailant is there to do you harm and respond with force. The second exception - ‘Stand Your Ground’ - states that you don’t have to retreat from an assailant wielding a deadly weapon in a place you have the legal right to be. If you are attacked on the street by a clown with a knife, you can fire away - no need to retreat first. Under recent PA law, a sufficient difference in size can count as a ‘deadly weapon’ for this purpose (a 100lb girl can treat a 230lb man attacking her as a deadly weapon). Finally, it is worth pointing out that violence is messy. Just because your actions might be justified according to the law doesn’t mean that the police will see it that way, that a prosecutor will see it that way or that a jury will see it that way. You could be completely justified and still find yourself under arrest, sued by the assailant’s family, or even convicted of a crime. You will almost certainly end up paying a lot of money to a defense lawyer and have your life turned upside down. Even if the law says you don’t have to retreat, it may still be the wisest option. Generally you have the legal right to defend yourself against an assault with like force up until the exact point that there's no longer a threat, and no farther. Beyond that, post the specific part of the law you're confused about and we will try to break it down for you.