 Hi everyone! First time poster here from Iowa. I could use some advice on a security deposit issue in regards to a time frame situation. Here's the breakdown of the timeline: April 1st - I give my apartment my 30 days notice that I am moving out. My move out notice is accepted. May 20th - I forgot to give them a mailing address to mail my security deposit back, so the landlord emails me asking for it. May 30th - Didn't get to my email super fast so this is when I email the landlord my mailing address. I didn't think I was going to get my security deposit back anyway since I moved out in a hurry at the last minute and didn't leave the apartment in the best of condition. Mainly just some garbage bags and furniture I didn't want was what I left behind. Thought I would give them my mailing address just in case they needed to charge me more than that. June 21st - Hadn't heard anything back from the landlord and hadn't received anything in the mail so I email the landlord asking if I was going to receive anything. June 29th - Still no response from landlord so I email him once more asking what the situation was. July 1st - The landlord emailed me back saying that I wasn't going to get my security deposit back and I owed $600 due to the condition I left the apartment in. This $600 charge is in addition to what was deducted from my security deposit (that's a whole other story which I'm not sure if it's pertinent to the situation I'm asking about). Today (July 7th): I have still not received by email or physical mail the exact breakdown of deductions from my security deposit or why they're charging me the extra $600. I have read up on Iowa law and it says that the landlord must return the security deposit or give a breakdown of what was deducted from the security deposit within 30 days of when the renter has given the mailing address. As I have laid out in my timeline, I gave them my mailing address on May 30th. I have still not received a specific breakdown of the charges in writing. I have not even received a phone call. With the email that I received on July 1st, the landlord did say that I wasn't going to get my security deposit back and I was being charged extra, but that wasn't a specific breakdown of the charges and it wasn't within the 30 days anyway. My overall question is, though, am I legally required to get my security deposit back like I think I am since they haven't given me a specific breakdown of the charges in writing within 30 days and if so, is this realistically worth pursuing to get my security deposit back or should I just leave it be because it's not worth it? Any help on this situation would be extremely appreciated. Thanks everyone! You could sue for the return of the security deposit ... and it is likely that the landlord will counter sue for the damages ...