 I work an itinerant position with a county government. For this position I am required to drive my own vehicle to and from all work locations throughout the day. In a typical day I may visit as many as 10, or as few as 2, locations. I am reimbursed at the federal rate for my mileage – after the distance from my home to my “base” office is deducted. I.E. round trip from home to base office is 18 miles (9 each way) – if I drive 48 miles door-to-door in a day, I will be reimbursed for 30. I was recently told that I will need to change my base office in order to save the county mileage expense. They said I don’t need to go to the new office, I just have to use it on my travel forms (so that the new round trip distance from home to base office would be 52 miles – costing me/saving them 34 miles, or roughly $20, per day). With this change it will literally cost me money out of my own pocket to work my job. A couple other possibly pertinent details are that I have a colleague at my office who lives less than 1 mile away from me who they are not (yet) asking to do this. Also, I was told the main reason they are doing this to me is because, with a new location in my travel rotation, my mileage has gone up and it, “doesn’t look good to see the mileage go up so much.” Yet I have other co-workers based in various offices that routinely have travel expenses close to or more than what mine is currently. A majority of my daily locations are also closer to my current base office versus the suggested new office - but that probably isn't important as locations can change at any time, and typically do change at least every couple years (however, in the past once folks have gotten to a base office close to their home they've never moved unless it was due to their entire position being changed to non-itinerant -- which is not happening to me). And, if they do change my office, all of my colleagues in my same position would all have base office locations closer to their homes than I would – (most of them by a significant margin). When I met with my supervisor to be told of this change they refused to give me any firm reasoning for the change. When I questioned them regarding their comment about, "...doesn't look good to see the mileage go up...", by asking, "so this is to save the county mileage then?" The response was "Oh, no, no no, I didn't say that." - But then they wouldn't give any other reason besides "because this is something we need to do." I get along with everyone, I've always gotten stellar reviews, I'm on great terms and well respected by my colleagues and immediate supervisor, and I just don't understand why I'm being singled out like this (my area supervisor who is telling me to move offices is new to the position and I have no real relationship with them other than this interaction, which makes it all even more stressful). It just doesn’t seem right to me – but who knows. Do you fine folks here think I have any recourse? Or is that just the way it is if I want to keep working for the county? TL;DR - Can the county gov't I work for single me out and make me change my base office just to save themselves mileage reimbursement expenses - while at the same time allowing my co-workers (some of whom already have more mileage than me) to keep their close-to-home base offices, and charge similar/more mileage as to what I was before being moved? Oh yes then absolutely go to your union about this. That's a lot of money they are arbitrarily taking away.  Thanks for your reply. I am guaranteed mileage in a collective bargaining agreement. However, I just didn't know if they could arbitrarily change my office to essentially negate and make my billable mileage pittance. I didn't want to escalate the situation unnecessarily, but I guess I should go to the union.  Mileage is not protected or guaranteed. You need to escalate this with your HR department. Unless this change has something to do with a protected class or is guaranteed in a work contract or through a collective bargaining agreement it's not a legal problem. 