 Hey there, thanks for visiting. I have a brain injury so I apologize in advance for the poor arrangement. Landlord (LL) just sent my husband this text. "I was notified by the tenants below you that the water that penetrated through the ceiling due to your wifes negligence has worsened. The painter estimates the damages at 450 to plaster and repaint the ceiling and wall. Either you pay for the damages caused by your wife or i will proceed with an application with the board. That will add another 190 on top of the damages plus legal fees. If I dont hear back from you I will advise my lawyer to proceed." There's so much information, I'm not sure what's relevant. If there's something missing please ask me. I'm sure I have to find a paralegal, but I'd like to start here. Especially concerning how to respond to this text message. Background: My mom has lived in this building for over 20 years. As a 28y/o I've lived here most of my live. 3 years ago my husband and I moved into the same building. During the first walk through, I expressed concerns over how dark the floors were looking, window mould, etc. LL blames ex-tenant for all damage. Advises to clean mould with vinegar and it'll be fine. Shortly after moving in, we have to block off under the radiator because there was always plaster and pieces of wall coming down. The bedroom floor near that radiator and wall were the worst. Later in tenancy, We noticed all the floors with windows were the ones coming up. The same walls,the plastered bubbled, and crumbled. Walls within the building look the same, within months of replaster, the bubbles and cracks came through. April 2018 My husband sent my LL this text. "Woke up to a puddle on our bedroom floor in the northwest corner of apartment/building. Window was not open, window sill was dry and the walls were dry. My guess is the heavy wind forced the rain through somewhere and got into apartment where floor meets baseboards. I dried up water with a towel and didn’t immediately see any more water coming in. We had to leave so not sure what current situation is. Won’t be home till about 6pm" LL reply "Good morning UkmuffinsHusband, yes you are correct. The strong winds that are bringing in the water. I just looked. Please keep me informed once you get home." My husband after work told LL there was water on the floor when he got home. With no answer or follow up from LL. May 2018 Husband texted that the floor pieces are coming up with photos. No response. July 2018 1. We submit with the rent check, a letter stating concerns of maintenance in our unit. No response 2. One AC unit is in the corner of the bedroom beside the window. The water from any humidity drains into a large basin that we empty depending on weather. One day the lower unit tenant called me to say their ceiling was dripping. I asked what corner, I immediately turned off the AC, And saw little puddle/drips. I cleaned it up, and put a towel down. They said it had stopped. Then our LL came to their unit, starting by yelling that they must've been messing with the ceiling. Tenant says they're going to hang up to record what he was saying. During, her partner texts me saying how she is scared, he's being very aggressive. He then comes upstairs to my unit, says he needs to enter. My infant son is screaming, I'm trying to tend to him. John goes into the bedroom. I don't see too well what he's doing. When I can hear him, he's moving things and looks to be taking photos. He tries to hand me the empty basin to me so he can take a picture of the floor. He kept saying things like; I know what you're doing, do you think I don't know what's going on? And then he leaves to go back to lower unit. l call my husband very upset and explain what happened. My husband calls LL. I can hear yelling downstairs and lower tenant tells me LL is telling my husband his wife is an idiot, and ignorant. LL tells them he will wait for it to dry to assess what to do next. August 2018 Given a conditional eviction for our in window AC unit in the living room was dripping on the building walls. Also stating its not the first time he has told us this. (News to us) we took the unit out of the window immediately. October 2018 I inquired with 311 about advising on what to do about our floors rotting and coming up. They want to send someone out to see it. 5th- My husband asks when the heat will be turned on, it's getting a bit cold in the building. 7th LL calls my mother (reside s same building/seperate units) he tells her that he has no choice but to evict us because I ripped down a notice off a community board a couple months back. (I did do this, took ownership. Situation was; the front door lock wasnt working, again. When I finally got in I was frustrated, and there was a note telling tenants they will be charged for any treatments from roaches a unit needs when they caused it themselves. It was not nicely worded, and stating random charges for things.) My mom calls LL and begs to let us stay, he says he'll consider it. LL texts husband the next day effectively saying I considered it but proceeding with eviction and will seek full costs of damages. My mom subsequently had a panic attack and had to go to the dr for help to contain the anxiety. End of month City building maintenance inspector comes to inspect my unit. He makes several work orders, one being the wall behind the radiator and the floors rotting. I ask if I could've caused this damage. He said No. December 22, I have a text between lower unit tenant and LL. him asking her if 404 was the cause of the damage to the ceiling. Then stating it's obvious from the excessive flooding from my apartment it has caused damage to their unit. Which essentially brings us to the text message at the beginning. Today. I really would like help to help me form a stategy, and what to say to his text. I know I'll have to find a paralegal (recco's?) But any insight is so appreciated. I called LTB, They sent me to legal aid, who was already closed for the weekend.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.