 My husband is an electricians apprentice. He’s been working for a locally owned company for about 6 months. It’s a small company offering no insurance, workman’s comp or the like. Anyways, on Monday while working my husband fell off a 5 foot ladder straight to his back and fractured his neck in 2 places. Because of this he currently has a limited amount of things he is able to do. He asked to return on Friday or earlier with limits. His boss and the owner of the company said he didn’t think he could wait for him to return and that he was sorry. My husband supports a 4 person family and he’s being fired because he broke his neck. Is this legal? Is there anything we can do? OSHA requires formal admission to the in-patient service of a hospital and delivery of medical care or treatment must be given after formal admission for it to be reportable. Hospitalization for surgery, diagnostic services, and observation are not reportable. If a patient receives medical treatment in the ER, and is kept overnight for CT scans, MR, X-ray, etc. and observation, then it wouldn't be reportable. If a patient receives medical treatment in the ER and then is admitted to the hospital because they need ongoing wound care, it would be reportable. I'm not saying the OP's situation isn't reportable. I'm just saying that there isn't enough info to make the determination.  Could you specify what would meet OSHAs definition please? It would definitely be recordable on their 300 log. And like others have said, the company is required to have worker's comp insurance if they have more than 3 employees in Arkansas. If they don't, its an extremely dumb move on their part. Especially in a high risk profession like electrician. OP should get a consult from a WC attorney for sure. Hospital stays for surgery or observation don't meet OSHA's definition of in-patient hospitalization.  Im sure if they dont plan on covering it then they didnt add it to their 300 log... She said there are two fractures that occurred in the neck on Monday, and he is going to be released to light duty on Friday. Most likely he would have been stabilized in the ER and referred to a specialist. Even if he had surgery and was kept overnight in a hospital for observation, that wouldn't meet OSHA's definition of in-patient hospitalization. No. Bad advice. Removed.  Sorry I'm replying so late, but I would contact a lawyer and OSHA. Per a friend in the industry I can tell you that: Per: I wish him the best of luck in his recovery! I imagine they were hospitalized With multiple cervical fractures, I can't imagine he won't need surgery.  Pretty safe assuming that OP's husband breaking his spine in a few places required hospitalization tbh Electrician work is a skilled trade, so they'd need to carry WC no matter how many people they have on a jobsite. Go see an attorney immediately. Arkansas is an at-will employment state, meaning employees can be dismissed for any reason (other than discrimination). Check if there's any breach of contract. The case could be made that employee safety wasn't ensured. No worries, I think anyone would be in your shoes. Most plaintiffs in cases like this are in similar situations, though, so workers' comp and personal injury attorneys are really used to it and typically handle their fees differently than most other types of attorneys. They'll usually take a portion of whatever money they can get you (a third of the settlement/award is pretty standard), and if they can't get you anything, then they just don't get paid. That structure does mean that it may be difficult to find an attorney willing to take your case if the award amount is likely to be small (doesn't sound like that's the case) or if it isn't a strong case for other reasons, but it certainly won't hurt to get a few consultations. Usually it's a good idea to talk to at least 2-3 attorneys if possible and choose one you like and trust. Good luck to you guys, and I hope your husband heals well and quickly. Thank you, not going to lie I was definitely trying to figure out how we could possibly afford a lawyer. most states require Comp insurance for all employers (even where it's the owner who is the only one working there). I'd speak with an attorney ASAP b/c your husband may have claims against the employer not only for comp, but unlawful termination in violation of applicable law.  OSHA only needs to be notified if there is a death, in-patient hospitalization, amputation, or loss of an eye.  Yes, it would be recorded on the 300 log for most employers. However, OSHA exempts small employers (less than 10 for the year) from maintaining this log. Even if the employer is above the 10 employees, this log isn't reported to OSHA unless they are selected to report their logs by the BLS.  Everyone is correct that you should get an attorney. I just want to add, since I'm sure you're worried about money, that most attorneys in this area of law give free consultations and often work on contingency, meaning you don't have to pay them upfront. The contingency aspect will depend on the specifics of the case, but I've seen people not even bother to call around thinking they have to pay upfront so I figured I'd mention it. That's not true, plenty of non Union apprenticeships. They just have to sponsor your apprentice license.  Wouldn't it be a recordable (reported annually)?  The apprentice title implies that there's a union. I've never heard of a non-union apprentice.  I'm not sure how # of employees affects the reporting requirement but my understanding is that any lost time injury sustained during working hours at a job site or on company property has to be reported to OSHA.  There is still too many unknowns in this and you should seek the assistance of an WC attorney. That being said, Arkansas employers are not required to have WC insurance in some instances. Less than 3 employees and it could be that the injured employee was working as a subcontractor was to hold is own WC. OSHA wouldn't have to be notified because it may not have been admitted to a hospital and he didn't suffer an amputation. It sounds like he may have went to the ER or Emergency care but was released with restrictions. Also, how and where did your husband get injured? Out of curiosity, was he working for a someone in his family?  It's illegal to not have workers compensation in Florida. His boss can literally go to jail for this ARKANSAS WORKER COMPENSATION REQUIREMENTS Most employers with three or more employees must carry coverage. Details/Exceptions: Employers with two or fewer employees, farm laborers, and real estate agents. There are exceptions to the three-or-more requirement, so employers with fewer than three should check with authorities before assuming they do not fall under the workers’ compensation laws. Hmm-how many employees? I think its time for a lawyer They should have had worker's comp on him. Hell, I had to have worker's comp for \myself\ when I was a sole proprietor of a one-woman business selling Barbie dolls on eBay. It is absolutely worth getting a lawyer on this. Odds are even if the employer is not insured, there's a state fund set up to cover employees whose employers are idiots and didn't get worker's comp. (In AZ, this is done through the Industrial Commission and AZ isn't even a very employee-friendly state.) How it typically works is the state fund will cover your husbands medical bills and likely his lost wages while he recovers, and the state will (attempt to) collect from the employer. The state tends to be very unamused by employers who do not pay for worker's comp insurance, too. Not the womanly ones though. I am an attorney in Memphis, just across the border. I sent you a PM.  No joke, OSHA is also supposed to be notified within 24hrs and I dubt that happend. Get an attorney, yall are definitely covered and that company is in jt deep. Sure sounds like a non union outfit. No way a union shop tries something like this.  As everyone has said, see a lawyer because they can't do that. Also, make sure he doesn't sign anything from the employer before showing the lawyer. Employers sometimes try to get people to accept packages for less compensation than they are entitled to and then it is difficult to reverse.   No, its very illegal. He needs a workman's comp attorney. Virtually every employer must provide workman's comp. Also, since he’s an apprentice he’s most likely part of the IBEW or some other electrical union. He should really talk to them.  Here is the Arkansas workers comp page from the state. As a skilled trade they should be required to have coverage no matter the number of employees due to the liability involved in trades work. http://www.awcc.state.ar.us/employerbasicfacts.html What country, state, or province do you live in ? It matters; [some types of very small businesses in some states]() are allowed to not offer worker's compensation insurance, or to be self-insured. But I would be amazed if an electrical contracting company in the USA was not required to have worker's compensation insurance. It's exactly the sort of occupation in which this sort of injury occurs. Your husband's employer should have helped him open a worker's compensation claim on Monday. The fact that that have not suggests that they have chosen the very dangerous route of not buying worker's compensation insurance, and that they are going to be liable for his medical costs directly. You need to speak to a worker's compensation attorney, tomorrow. Depending on the state, employers are required to hold an injured workers employment for a certain time period. You should get a consultation with a workers comp attorney ASAP.  You have to get a workmans comp lawyer immediately! Get a work comp attorney immediately. I work in a physical therapy office and see accidents like this every day.  What state are you in? Most states have requirements that even small employers have work comp coverage, and if they don’t then manly states have a special fund to handle those injuries. Was he a standard employee? What state was this? He really should be going to a labor attorney immediately.