 Im north carolina Can child support withdraw funds from a bank  YOU ARE NOT CURRENT!!!! You admitted it yourself!!!! I have no respect for anyone not up to date on child support and you are here asking for advice on hiding assets - just stop bro! Work two jobs, get your support caught up, then open a savings account.  How would you know that man seriously again your assuming and no shez not supporting them fully quit trying to make me and asshole without evidence Im sure your kids mom would love to have some extra money set back for emergencies too seeing as you are in arrears and she was supporting them fully when you weren't contributing. Jesus. Chris man im not takingg about saving 100s of thouaands of dollars im taking a little aside just in case my vehcle breaks down which i use to help pay my current child support you guys immediately assume the worse Legal advice would be to get current before the government gets irritated and has to do things like issue a levy against your bank account or garnish wages. You have a legal obligation to support your children financially. Dodging your child support obligations by avoiding a job that reports wages and not having a bank account is not legal. My future brother in law is currently in jail on a warrant for unpaid child support. You can be arrested for being in arrears. Everything you do that is not paying down your obligations is a temporary solution to a permanent problem. Advising you to do anything other than get compliant with court ordered payments and support your children would not be legal advice.  Hiding assets from child support enforcement probably isnt wise and on a personal note you are an asshole. You’re right, I mean technically you are right.  Sometimes they are virtually the same.  Im asking for legal advice not moral advice for what ever scenario you think im going through right now Then maybe you should be. You say you don’t want to start to save because what if child support takes that money. If you can afford to save them you can afford to be a man and take care of your kids. Damn.  Im not currrent  Are you current on your child support payments? If there's less in the account than you owe, then yes. They may or may not be able to levy your bank account if you are in arrears, but if you are NOT in arrears, they definitely can't, so you won't have anything to worry about if you keep current. Which you should be doing anyhow. I think it varies from state to state, but for the most part they can. Here in WA I had all my money taken from my back account with no notice at all. Im worried if i start to save money in my bank that 1 day i wake up all my money is gone an i go homeless can they just One day take it all without notice Not set up for automatic withdraw and no garnessment i work as a contractor I had arrears in CA. Even with a payment arrangement and auto deductions from my paycheck, they yanked it from my savings account In some cases, yes, but you haven't provided enough information to go on. Did you get set up for automatic withdrawals? Or are there arrears and you got hit with a garnishment? 