 Are the rules listed in the Rules Regulations of the State of Georgia still laws? Or are they just suggestions? Can you potentially sue someone for violating them? Or do only the things listed in the Official Code count as laws? Georgia, USA.  I'm not saying there aren't other ways to file lawsuits against the state. I'm saying you're barking up the wrong tree by trying to enforce administrative code sections using a private right of action. Due process, as an example, is a constitutional guarantee and there have a litany of lawsuits filed under that basis. There may also be other actions that are based in tort that may apply. Please go and try to find a lawyer or advocacy group that will work with you. You can damage your own legal position without the proper advice. If somebody was locked in jail and denied due process, would it just be an administrative complaints issue??  Doesn't really matter if it's part of the code or a regulation, most of these types of laws do not create a private right of action, but rather just an administrative complaints process. Can't say I've read through that entire section to understand possible remedies, but I would think that using that as the basis for a suit would probably not be likely. If you have any further questions, I highly suggest you contact a lawyer that works in human rights or mental health advocacy groups to see if they have any other ideas. Okay. What about filing suit against the hospital for violating actual parts of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated? For example this rule about giving me notice of my legal rights, and letting me out within 48 hours. They didn't do either of these things. Hence, I was held 6 days because I didn't know I had the right to request a hearing. GA Code ยง 37-3-43 (2017) (a) A patient who is admitted to an emergency receiving facility shall be examined by a physician as soon thereafter as possible but in any event within 48 hours and may be given such emergency treatment as is indicated by good medical practice. The patient must be discharged within 48 hours of his admission unless: (1) An examining physician or psychologist concludes that there is reason to believe that the patient may be a mentally ill person requiring involuntary treatment and executes a certificate to that effect within such time; or (2) The patient is under criminal charges, notice of which has been given in writing to the facility, in which case the provisions of Code Section 37-3-95 shall apply. Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to prohibit a physician or psychologist who previously executed a certificate authorized by the provisions of this chapter from executing any other certificate provided for in this chapter for the same or any other patient. GA Code ยง 37-3-44 (2017) (a) Immediately upon arrival of a person at an emergency receiving facility under Code Section 37-3-43 or as soon thereafter as reasonably possible given a person's condition or mental state at the time of arrival, the facility shall give the person written notice of his or her right to petition for a writ of habeas corpus or for a protective order under Code Section 37-3-148. This written notice shall also inform the person who has mental illness that he or she has a right to legal counsel and that, if the person is unable to afford counsel, the court will appoint counsel. (b) The notice informing the person's representatives of such person's hospitalization in an emergency receiving facility shall include a clear notification that the representatives may petition for a writ of habeas corpus or for a protective order under Code Section 37-3-148.  The remedy outlined in the rule is that you can make a complaint. See the section titled Rule 290-4-6-.07. Remedies for Violations. Unfortunately, that rule itself probably cannot be the basis of any law suit against the hospital. You just linked to a website with lots of rules and regulations. This adds zero specificity. As I alluded to above, just because a rule or regulation exists, doesn't mean you have any standing or power to enforce them on anybody else. It needs to relate to a private right of action for that to happen.