 I am the father of a 5th grade boy who is in a public school in Charleston County School District in South Carolina. Earlier this year he was formally diagnosed with ADHD and a 504 Plan was put in place primarily to give him extra time to complete work. He has been an exceptional student grade-wise to this point and while teachers in his past have had to redirect him more often than other students, he has always done very well and tests very well in standardized testing, as does his twin brother who does not have ADHD. The two of them have been tremendous students their entire academic careers so far. His educator this year is very high-energy, high-pressure, and puts into place a very large amount of daily work. This has been a struggle for my son, but my wife and I work with him daily and, with every grade level so far, try very hard for our home to be an extension of our childrens' classrooms. We are very much not "those" parents. As a former educator, I try very hard to tell all my childrens' teachers (I have three total) that our goal as parents is to echo their classroom harmonics in our own home. It creates a better learning environment for everyone. It should be noted that my son's twin brother shares this teacher in a "pod" of two teachers. They are not in the same class at any point in the day, but share the same two teachers, this one included. So we have a two-way perspective on this situation. This particular teacher sends us emails quite often regarding my son's behavior in class. And we at home try very hard to address these behaviors, even though in confidence neither of us can seem to recall him exhibiting any of these behaviors at any time in the past. It's almost as if she's describing someone else, but we have deferred to her judgment on the matter and have (possibly incorrectly) erred on the side of taking the teacher's side in every single one of these behavioral descriptions. In December we had a sit down meeting with the Principal, the school guidance counselor and the teacher herself to talk about his 504 plan and how it was working. It was a formal meeting, documented, and we felt very positive leaving that meeting. We seemed to all be on the same page and we were excited for the progress our son seemed to be making. Then, on December 21st, the final day before break, my wife had to go into the school to retrieve my son's hardcover book project which he would illustrate at some point over the break; our son had left it inside. When she did, the teacher said she wanted to talk with her. There were four students still in the classroom for reasons I can't verify, but they were there. And without a Principal present, without the guidance counselor present, without any school staff present, and only four of my son's peers present, this teacher asked my wife if our son had ever been tested for Autism. She further went on to say that another teacher who handles Autistic students at the school saw my son giving a presentation and asked if he was going to work with her. She went on to explain that low-level Autism may very well be present with my son. This was nothing short of a bombshell to my wife and me. Now, take a moment. Let's separate two things here. One, a diagnosis of autism. Two, our teacher's decision to say this in an informal setting in front of our son's peers. One - This caused my wife to quite literally break down into tears upon coming home. I know a bit about autism and was shocked by this statement; our son has never exhibited any autistic behavior in his life. Despite my thoughts on the matter, we did consult our pediatrician, who performed an evaluation with a language pathologist, a psychoeductational specialist and a certified psychologist. My son does not have autism and as a point of likely irrelevant information, our pediatrician was quite confused about why we were going through this exercise and even more confused about why a teacher would make such a statement. In short, our pediatrician who had been seeing our son for nearly four years was borderline shocked by this turn of events. Two - I'm focused here. Of course I am an advocate for my son and his father, so I want to try very hard not to be biased. But in my opinion, this decision of our teacher to broach this topic in that setting without any support staff and in the presence of my son's peers is wildly unethical and unprofessional. And I have thought quite a bit about this in the last few weeks as we worked through this psychological profiling piece and I can't possibly imagine this kind of behavior is commensurate with the policy of the district. To that end, I haven't been able to find much as it pertains to educator codes of conduct in this state; primarily what I have found is inappropriate conduct as it relates directly to student-teacher interaction. This is teacher-parent interaction. So, I'm seeking some legal advice here. Emotionally I am beyond furious. But I've contained that emotion and tried to be reasonable and rational. Now, I want to understand what my next steps should be. From a legal perspective, I was hoping to get some feedback on what kind of footing I have here, if any. Thank you for taking the time to read this. I'm not sure if I'm just an irrationally angry father or if this truly is a violation of an educator's responsibilities and/or conduct guidelines. Eager to hear another perspective.   Thank you so much for your response. This part in particular really jumped off the page to me and I am very grateful for you taking the time to respond. I am going to follow some of the very steps you laid out here above. Thank you again.  Code of conduct tends to be local. There are broad state guidelines but probably nothing that would cover this. If you want to search, I would search for something like confidentiality of special education or 504 students. That is really the part that I would say was possibly against state regs. You should contact the district head of special education, if another department handles 504s contact them, and the superintendent. Ask them to provide you with confidentiality policies and also the process for identifying a student with a new or different disability. Also the school psychologist and principal. In all likelihood, this teacher was frazzled before a break and not thinking straight. But that kind of high anxiety word should never be dropped on someone in an unplanned super unstructured conversation. And of course the confidentiality is a whole additional subject. The things your child did might have looked to an unknown person like autism. It may even be autism. But it could just be that presentation that day or that the person is overgeneralizing. IANAL but am a parent of a kid who had a 504, and professionally deal with the process of students being identified with special needs and getting their mandated services. On a side note- I might try to get my kid moved to a different teacher if possible. For his sake and yours. And I am sorry your wife had to get that dumped in her lap and great job to both of you for at least taking it seriously enough to rule it out and move forward. 