 hey all. my boyfriend got divorced and submitted paperwork for the parenting plan on 2/6 of this year. his ex and him have one child, he is 6 and has autism. his ex receives SSI ($750) and she also gets an SSDI check for his son ($761). he is currently paying $50 in child support and helps her as needed. it usually totals anywhere from $75 - over $100 a month for expenses because she makes less than him, as he works full time and she is unemployed. they currently have joint custody. my boyfriend has him 3-4 nights a week. like he will pick him up right after work and drop him off for ABA therapy the next day. his son is in ABA therapy from 8-4 M-F. so here’s the situation - everything was pretty good up until his ex got really mad at him because she came over for a minute to pick up medication and the apartment was messy. I’ll be honest and say it was kinda messy.. we had just had his son so there were lots of toys out and I hadn’t gotten to dishes in a few days. but absolutely nothing unsafe, like at all. she blew up and the fight blew up and she said she was going to make a modification to the parenting plan and that he would need to pick up the paperwork, so we did, not really knowing what to expect. so first she put under “other” that the apartment must be “rid of filth” and other weird things like that. upon further research I’m finding that maybe she can’t really even make requests like that? idk it felt weird. secondly, she is asking for an increase in child support. so I don’t really know how child’s SSDI works, but she put that her income is only $750/month (so like, her SSI check) even though we have proof that she uses the other check of $761.. even though she uses that check for regular expenses, is this not factored into her income because it’s technically his son’s check? thirdly, she is asking for sole custody on the basis that she takes care of all of his son’s medical appointments, and that my bf hasn’t shown interest in his son’s therapy sessions. both of those things are during my bf’s working hours and it would be difficult to take time off to do those things. it should be noted that after my bf saw this on the paperwork she submitted, he reached out to the therapy facility (I don’t want to give names) to ask about working around his schedule. I’m also not sure if it’s important that my bf takes care of ALL of his son’s medical expenses through his insurance, including thousands of dollars for evaluations leading to his autism diagnosis. sorry about the long post. this is causing me lots of stress and anxiety and I wanted to see if anyone has any advice or input. Yes, and all that paperwork goes through the family court system. Thats why you are working with a lawyer. They will answer all these questions. there are no court appearances even happening. he has to submit response paperwork to her request. he is speaking to a family law attorney next week. I was just posting this to see if anyone had gone through a similar situation, especially regarding the SSI and SSDI  I'm sorry for that but you are not a party to this dispute. He will do better to have a family law attorney for the next appearance. If she has one, then him also having one will be critically important. well no, this isn’t true. he has to submit response paperwork to her request and we will be working with a lawyer on that next week. I’m posting this here because I wanted to see if anyone has gone through something similar before, especially regarding the SSI and SSDI situation.  The family courts will figure it out. You are not involved and there's nothing you can do.