 What a cliché, I know. We were together for three years. But broke up two years ago and I just learned from his ex-girlfriend, that she found sexual pictures and videos of me, from my relationship with him. Even though I explicitly told him to delete them afterwards. I feel violated and I don't want him to able to threaten me with them, if he ever so chooses. I don't want my job to be threatened. I sent him an email and told him I would seek legal action, and will. But what are your opinions? Thank you. If he cares about me even a little or respects me, he would have already deleted them. But he hasn't. I don't care about normal pictures, but I don't want him to have something he could potentially use against me, if he so pleases. I'm looking it up as well. Thank you. I was too riled up for common sense. Consent has to be present in Germany, seems I have the law on my side. However, I know he hides them amongst different devices. I'll have to see how that can be handled. Your username is painfully accurate. Germany — Germany has very strict laws on privacy which have been successfully applied to revenge porn. In May 2014, courts ruled in favor of a revenge porn victim, requiring her ex-partner to delete all intimate photos of her. Later cases have given women the right to “revoke consent” and require a partner to delete intimate images at any time, even if they’re only held privately. A quick google search turned this up. I wrongly assumed you were in the states. Seems Europe is a little more ahead of the times when it comes to this.  Maybe he still loves you. Like I said, unless he has threatened you with them, just ask him nicely to delete them.  I asked him nicely two years ago and thought he complied. They're very intimate videos and I would just fear him changing his mind. I'm in Germany. It was definitely consented to at the time, but I don't want to have the feeling that he could threaten me with that at any point. Is there really anything I can do? It makes more feel more than uncomfortable. I suppose it's my own fault for trusting him though. Unless he has actually threatened to or used them against you I think you're over reacting. Ask him to please delete them.  NAL. Location probably has a lot to do with what can be done. From your post though it doesn’t seem he is using these photos against you. His new girlfriend may have found them but that was due to her own snooping. I know in some places there are laws that protect you from having the photos used against you but it doesn’t sound like that is happening. Those photos, whether of you or not, were taken or given to him willingly during your relationship. I don’t think you truly have much legal recourse just because he still has them. 