 I need to help my friend get custody of her dog, Tank. My friend B, has two children and has been with J for 4 years and married for 2 years. J is not the father of either of the children, but the youngest child (4) knows him as his dad, since he has been in his life since 6 months old. They just agreed to divorce; J says he hasn't been interested in B for awhile now. The main concern is that B can take the family dog, the children have grown up with this dog and B is the "custodial owner". She buys all the food, pays for grooming and is the only one listed on the groomers account, pays for the vet bills and is listed along side J on the vet account, also she takes the dog to work with her every day.. Etc. However, the dog was purchased by J off of Craigslist at about 1 year old, the dog is now 7. The dog is the family dog, he's ingrained in the children's loves, his normal routine is to be with B and her children the whole day. J has had no interest in Tank; before J B were together, Tank stayed in his crate at J's parents house the majority of the time. J fed Tank dollar store food, even though he has sensitive skin and other conditions. B had to be the one to take Tank to the vet and get groomed with special shampoo, for his skin condition, because J would not. J and B are still living together, until B can find somewhere for her and her children to move, because J refuse to let them stay in their home, a rental. J now has demanded that B leave Tank at home, not take him to work, not take him with her to run errands etc. J obviously is trying to keep Tank. B and her children need to know how to proceed so that Tank stays with his family and in his routine. 1. From what I've researched, B should file for divorce first, listing Tank in the papers as her "property" because, if J wants to fight that, he'll need to pay to file on his own terms.. Is this right or the first step? 2. She has receipts of the 12 grooming appointments, just in the last year that she's taken him to. She can go to the county and license him under her name, she can get statements from people close to her that know she is the provider for Tank and Tank is always with her and the children. Are these things she should be gathering and if so, are there other things she should be doing? 3. Any knowledge on what she should be doing? How to go about this? I know most will say to contact a lawyer and she needs one, but she cannot afford one because her need to save to move out, take care of her 2 children and care for Tank. Even pointing us in the right direction, to make sure her and the kids get Tank, would be awesome.  If she files the divorce, claiming him as property will he need to file his own papers to contest it? Also, if the judge considers Tank as communal property, will she need to give J something or pay so it 50/50? Could she use the fact that she is leaving the family home as a wager to keep the family dog?  Dogs are property. She can make a claim for the property in a divorce filing. The court will decide the issues.