 Hey guys, I am wondering if I have a case here and if it is worth pursuing. I work security for a car manufacturer in Philadelphia, PA. Last week, I was told that I needed to see the nurse for a physical to drive the security cart in the warehouse. Two other security guards went before me and they both had to do a urine test for alcohol. I was a bit nervous because I unknowingly ate edibles during a New Year's party and I knew there was a chance that I could pop positive for THC. When I went to take my test, there were four people in the room, the nurse, an observer, an HR rep and a worker who acts as the chaplain for the company. I quickly find out that my test was different then the other guards. My test was for reasonable suspicion, hence why I had an observer and the other guards didn't. My results come back positive and the nurse reads it out loud so everyone who was in the room could hear it. Not only was I embarrassed but I also felt discriminated against because they had no reason to believe that I smoke marijuana (I don't). Are they allowed to read my results out loud like that so that everyone could hear it? They made me feel as if I was a criminal, escorting me to the nurse's office and accusing me of something I don't do. They suspended me and told me they would call me when the results came back from a lab. Afterwards, I found out from one of the security guards that they had suspicion because I called him while he was at the nurse's office doing his test for work related reasons. He was in the bathroom and she was outside at her desk. When she heard him speaking on the phone, she eavesdropped on his conversation and assumed it was me he was speaking to. My name was never said and he answered everything with a yes or a no, so idk why she thought it was me. I learned this because my leader accused me of being a liar after I left the property because I wouldn't tell him if I spoke to somebody today about possibly failing my test. I didn't tell him because I never had that conversation with anybody, my conversation was purely work related. This is why I feel embarrassed and discriminated against because I never gave anybody a reason to think that I would do drugs. There was also another guard who was given a day's notice that she was going to have an exam while the rest of us found out the day of. Do I have a case here? Is this something worth pursuing? It hurt my head to read your post because none of it makes sense, whatsoever. You did drugs, then you tested positive for having done drugs, and your company took appropriate action based upon that. I don't see a legal issue. Except for the fact that you do do drugs. Or at least did do drugs, relatively recently to a drug test that verified that, yes, you did drugs. Using marijuana does not put you in a protected class that can be discriminated against. You failed your drug test. This is what happens. 