 Is it possible I got framed by a CI? I have recently been charged with fraud for having someone else's ID and social in the glove box on my side of the car that I had never even touched. If you are in a hurry skip down to the very last paragraph which is only describing arrest but I wanted to be thorough and include his background and a completely separate legal question involving extreme medical neglect that caused me a head injury that needed several staples and stitches that I don't remember how I got and I'm not sure if I believe what they claimed to be true. I had made the decision I'm in constant regret over to let an acquaintance of mine drive my car out of town with me riding along. He is committed to being a career criminal and had a lengthy record including such things as aggravated robbery. I know very bad judgment on my end to even associate with such a person but he was homeless and I was helping give him a ride out of town (I live in Austin) because he had let me stay at his place for a couple weeks in 2012 which was the last and first time I had ever gotten in trouble with the law. Suspicious?? His condo got raided three days after he had been arrested. I listed a saw I assumed was stolen on Craigslist and the person who was coming to buy it was the S. W. A. T. team. I was accused of copper theft and asked about bathsalts. I didn't have any bathsalts and I never suspected Dennis until this recent arrest because now I look back and remember how weird it was they would ask about bathsalts and the warrant was for one spool of copper that they had no way to know who stole it but I was the one in cuffs out of everyone remaining in the apartment. Dennis was in jail for a failed robbery and looking back I remember that he knew I said something about getting bathsalts but never went through with it. My dad got me a lawyer and they dropped it to a misdemeanor but I did 3 years probation messed up the last week d did 3 months jail and 6 months county rehab then six month on colors and aftercare. He was in jail barely two months and got house arrest for not even two years because he was dealing with a whole new variety of charges in a halfway house when me and my parents moved back to Austin from MO which pissed me off I got punished much worse for a misdemeanor he put on me for one of the most serious crimes you could even commit. Didn't make any sense. I apologize for the length of this I just want to be thorough. Fast forward to a couple months ago. I had not talked to Dennis since the copper incident since 2012. He was homeless so I let him stay a couple nights justifying it since he had given me a place to stay. I live with my parents because my fiance passed away in March and i relapsed and lost my job. My parents were mad he was there and he was mad because I wouldn't let him take my car to buy drugs. My dad took him to the nearest hotel. He had stolen my ID two phones $175 in cash and both of my debit cards. He took out $200 from each of my cards which was all the money I had and my car payment was due. Because I let a thief stay in our house my parents made me sign an eviction notice which really sucked finding a place without a phone, money or job. I was able to get $200 refunded back to me from my bank Chime but I did not press charges on Dennis because i am not vengeful. I even forgave him and still associated with him afterwards. I beat myself up about it every day because I know I can do much better and I am not a low life criminal. This is a quality I really hate about myself caused by my low self esteem and my whole life it seems like everyone I meet just takes advantage of me until I'm used up then kicks me aside. Fast forward to only three weeks ago. So now we've established that Dennis is a practiced criminal with new evidence that he has stolen someone's personal information before, from me, very recently. He just didn't get charged with it and as you can see is very appreciative. He always hit me up and always wanted something. He had this entitlement and was never grateful and so incredibly selfish. I cant think of one nice thing he's done for me but could make a monumental list of every problem he's caused me. At this point I ignored all his calls and texts but decided for some reason to help him the day I got arrested. The first day to the most traumatic experience in my life. The week I lost the car I almost paid off. The week I ended up with staples in my head but no memory of how I got them. The week I was told by a medical doctor to go cold turkey from what I later found to be prescribed 5 of 10 of the most dangerous prescription drugs to abruptly stop taking. The week I fell into the most realistic and darkest psychosis in which my dog dies my parents died, then I died and found out the afterlife was reliving your death in different ways in eternity. I felt the pressure behind my eyes when I got slowly squished by a pillar. I died 26 times then woke up in segregation with one cell mate with no memory of my psychosis or who I was or even what year it was for a couple days. I could hardly walk or feed myself because the head injury messed up my hand eye coordination. They told me when they came to get me out of holding I fell backwards and hit the glass. Half the nurses said I had a seizure and half said I couldn't be having a seizure because I was screaming the whole time. I don't know what to believe because before I lost complete awareness of my surroundings I also caught a few of the girls in holding planning how to knock me out in the blind spot of the camera. I had to be scaring them. Apparently I spent that night in the pickle suit in a rubber room but I have zero recollection. When we were all waiting to get crushed to death one of the ladies told us to lay on our stomachs that way the pillar would crush the back of our head first and we would feel no pain. I know that lady had already been housed the day before so there's no way I was still in holding during all of this and just hallucinating my surroundings. After my incredibly realistic and seemingly never ending nightmare psychosis ended I had absolutely no memory of it. I had no memory of myself. The guard would ask me what year it was every meal time and I got it wrong so many times she quit asking. Walking was almost impossible I couldn't move the way I wanted. I would fall a lot. When eating it was difficult to get the food in my mouth. After embarrassing myself by getting enough food all over my face in front of my cell mate I just would discard my trey and try to make it the five feet to my bed without falling. When I got to the point where I couldn't avoid showing much longer when I bent over to pick up the towel I got a very strange sensation and flew out of the shower onto my bottom. It was so loud my cell mate saw me try to get up but would only fall to one side so I scooted into my cell. She called the nurse for me. I couldn't climb the 6 inches into my bed. The guard kept trying to write down that I had slipped and fell but I had told her it was because of my injury and she still was adamant I had slipped. My cell mate stood up for me and spoke up as a witness. This county would go above and beyond to take any responsibility off of them. The next couple days I didn't drink water I didn't go to the bathroom or eat because I couldn't get out of my bed. For three days I was hallucinating a ghost dog (my white German shepherd Weiss) with a deformed head smashed in with maggots and rotting flesh where his left eye used to be. When I reached to pet him and he would growl. I remember I wanted to cry but I couldn't. It was after this I got my memory back upon waking one morning and I remembered my psychosis with full detail. I got so depressed I felt sick to my stomach. I could not believe anything so disturbing and twisted came from my mind, not to mention it was intricate with a ton of moving parts to keep track of. I was relieved to know my parents were probably not dead even though I was worried my dog was dead. They never set me up on the phones and every time I asked them if they could help me they would say they would and of course never get back to me. I had a couple seizures that went unnoticed but felt like glitches like I changed position without moving and on one occasion felt like I had banged my head and arm decently. I didn't see any use bringing up to the medical staff I knew they would not help plus I was able to fall asleep so it was not unbearable. It wasn't until day five that the medical staff even attempted to call my pharmacy to get my prescriptions verified so I wouldn't be in such bad shape but all I was told was they couldn't be verified with no explanation walking away while I was still talking. They most likely called the wrong HEB because there are two on the same highway in Pflugerville and they walked away when I was trying to tell them its the one on 685. Day seven I had lost all hope of anyone coming for me and my suboxone withdrawals had hit their peak. I was in extreme discomfort. Not only did I feel like I might actually die in that jail but I was starting to hope for death as the suffering had been far more than I can handle. I had hotflashes so extreme that by the time one got to my face I fainted out cold. My cell mate witnessed this and called medical and stood by my side. I was drenched in cold sweat and my cell mate said my face was as red as a tomato. She had to call medical several times and it them a half hour to get there and I was in a bad way. I felt like I had a fever of 110. I had this intensive pain in my sides that made me wish I could trade for a kidney stone. Medical checked my vitals which were completely off the charts but just said they'd check on me more frequently (not once) and she said to me word for word "if you're going to seize you're going to seize there's nothing we can do." I pulled my mat on the floor but all I could do was keep moving I was in so much discomfort so I spent the next five hours pacing in my tiny cell only to lay down when a hot flash made it to my face. Then the best moment of my entire life came when a guard opened my cell because my dad had bailed me out. I was so happy despite how horrible I felt. My mom was there too. They are truly heroes. I didn't want to ask about my dog I was still terrified he might be dead. When I got home he was so excited he peed all over me but I didn't mind. I certainly would think I meet the criteria to be compensated under the reform act to be compensated for medical negligence. Not only did I actually get a major head injury off the bat but this did nothing to change their opinion on maybe coming up with a treatment plan because I was clearly in extreme danger coming off of five dangerous drugs all simultaneously. I'm lucky to be alive. I still have the staples in my head several weeks later because I have no medical insurance. What do I need to do to take advantage of this? The arrest The driver who I suspect to have been working with police as a CI pulled into a gas station as soon as we made it to New Braunfels from Austin. I knew he was shooting up meth in the bathroom and didn't know why he waited until we made it into town if he could go that at his friend's house which may have been made up. He was in the bathroom for an hour then I see him being slow chased by several officers and grab him as he's opening the driver's side door. I think I was outside the car at this point not sure but the police didn't ask to search my car and cuffed and charged me with fraud pretty quickly. They really wanted to know if I used needles but I told them no they make me faint I don't care for blood. They looked at my arms and legs for track marks. I thought this was weird. After getting out of jail I saw on my property release that they put down syringes as my property not as a charge but listed them destroyed. They were on the driver who wasn't even in my car with them and they let him go free and why would they want to list them as my property in the first place if they didn't want to charge me? Why would be worth the risk of getting caught it cannot be legal. The only thing I can think is so the judge will go harder on me I have no idea. They let him go free but found syringes on him and they actually really hardly searched him or seemed interested in him really at all despite his vast criminal record VS my one misdemeanor charge dropped from a state felony that I got when I lived at his apartment years earlier. I never knew what in the world was going on until now. He was arrested several days prior to his place getting raided and I got arrested for copper theft. They asked about bathsalts. He used copper for the warrant and was betting on me getting bathsalts in the mail because I know I told him I already ordered them but I actually was full of shit and totally forgot and how did I not realize he tried to set me up to lower his charge for aggravated robbery he was just arrested for. He broke into a house armed with a gun. How did I get a far worse punishment than him for my charge which was reduced to a misdemeanor? He obviously planted those cards in the glove box to frame me. How can CIs get away with things like this I mean theyre criminals. They obviously can't be trusted. I don't know if he has a previous fraud charge or not but he stole my ID and two phones over a hundred in cash and two debit cards where he took $200 out of a Walgreens ATM from both cards. I got refunded from my bank but not from my cash app card. I didn't press charges but I am going to pursue them now and since I was refunded the money they have proof that he took the money out I would imagine. So I was getting accused of what he lives on. He even had me sign a paper to get his USB radio back that he had in the same compartment as the two IDs I just got charged with. That was all that was in there. Why would he put that radio in there instead of anywhere else closer to him? I took a nap on the trip I had no idea. I know he kept his meth in the radio. I spent the next week in hell in their county jail. They would not give me my medications and I was having dangerous withdrawals from 5 medications. They would not wean me off benzodiazepines or give me my legal script for gabapentin, propranolol for my heart, Effexor, 16mg suboxone which just like benzos and propanolol can kill you if you stop taking it. Even effexor is listed under the top ten most dangerous drugs to abruptly quit taking. I'm physically dependant on 5/10 on that list. I had a seizure on day 3 that busted my head and I had to get two staples and three stitches. I I suffered memory loss and coordination problems. I had no awareness of what happened before or after the injury I was having a deeply disturbing psychosis where my dog got kicked to death my parents were killed and we died locked in holding in a fire. I died 26 times. I thought I was just destined to die in that cell in different ways for eternity. I haven't been assigned a court date yet or a lawyer so I've just been freaking out over it. I never got in trouble at school I have severe social phobia. I can't handle a hot Texas prison run by the inmates that keep razors in their fingernails and kill you if you smile at their girlfriend. I'm only guilty of being stupid. I am way too forgiving and let people repeatedly screw me over. I have no money to hire a lawyer but couldn't I find one that felt confident we had a case and would get a settlement. That's a separate matter than the case but I have PTSD from that week in jail. I cast believe how they just let me teeter on the edge between life and death like that and for a whole 7 days straight. That was overwhelmingly traumatizing. By far the most horrible thing I've gone through and I've been through a lot of tragedies. I recently found my fiance in our bed dead not long after we lost our baby at five months. That week in jail was beyond cruel and inhumane. They think it's okay because you're an addict you made the choice but they really don't understand the mental and physical strain withdrawals cause. It's not like getting the flu. I may as well have been sitting in bed stabbing myself all over with a knife for a week and I probably would have been doing a little better. My parents and brother are willing to write letters to the judge. I live with my parents and don't have a criminal history.. Why would they want me over a homeless person hell bent on stealing and violence that has no where to go or any income so why let him go. Don't they have to take video of the arrest as evidence? I'm just terrified all the time now I've done nine months in Austin and I would rather relive that than relive the one week in Comal County. I've never thought of the possibility of suicide in fact I'm a huge hypochondriac. Please help any advice I will appreciate to the ends of the earth. Yeah man I was really manic when I wrote all that now I can't even read it myself I'll probably take er down Most of OPs posts are to various drug tested subreddits including r/researchchemicals. If I had to put money on it, id eager OP is tweaking while writing this. Op, of you cannot bill this down to five or six sentences tops, nobody is going to take the time to give you advice. And even if they did, the advice at this point would surely be to talk to the criminal defense lawyer you probably already are going to need. It's been 19 hours and the only response was mine, telling you to cut it down. That should tell you that it has too much stuff. But, you're the one wanting advice. Do whatever you want. I dunno I feel it's all pertinent to my case. I know it's long I spent an entire night on it. I wanted to make sure I doubled down on every detail just for myself and for my lawyer to go through and pick out the things that would make a good argument. That's why I wrote a warning to skip ahead to the last paragraph if you want the quick read. I have a habit of writing too much it's a curse because I talk how I write and I even got a DUI for just being myself. Cut out tons of stuff. No one is reading all of that