 I can't seem to figure out whether or not services are allowed to include the term that they can change the terms without notice, and it is up to the consumer to check the terms periodically for changes. The personal problem I'm having is with a movie ticket app called Sinemia, which is trying to be the new Moviepass. The company is located in Turkey and has a lot of complaints filed against it about shady business practices, especially when it comes to unexpected fees. A common complaint is that they have the right to change the TOS on your subscription without notice, which appears to be unenforceable according to articles I've found such as these: [http://meitar.com/files/downloads/meitar\_it\_update\_harris\_v.\_blockbuster.pdf](http://meitar.com/files/downloads/meitar_it_update_harris_v._blockbuster.pdf) []() The first paragraph does sound like Sinemia claims to have this right. . Terms of Use \ .1. These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the Sinemia web site located at www.sinemia.com, the Sinemia mobile app, and all associated sites linked to www.sinemia.com by Sinemia, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Sinemia sites around the world (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is the property of Sinemia Inc. (“Sinemia”) and its licensors. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE. \ .2. Sinemia reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time, without prior notice. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Sinemia grants you a personal, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site. Sinemia is for your personal use, and not for resale or commercial use under any circumstances. reference: []() Further in the terms had this clause however, which seems to contradict the previous clause? \ .3. Sinemia may make changes to any products or services offered on the Site, or to the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without prior notice. Sinemia reserves the right to change the rules of movie-going attendance and ticket availability to members at anytime. You will be notified of any changes made to the terms of service prior to your next billing cycle. Sinemia will not make any changes to your plan mid-cycle, all changes will be in affect at the start of your next billing cycle. The materials on the Site with respect to products and services may be out of date, and Sinemia makes no commitment to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services. Since Sinemia charges for the full year upfront, I'm guessing that's the 'billing cycle' duration. I'm guessing by referring to 'your plan', Sinemia is saying that they cannot downgrade your membership tier? But since they charge a 'convenience' fee (dollar amount not specified) on every ticket, and they have the right to change that fee without notice at any time (it sounds like), it seems like they could change your plan in practice as you would now pay more per movie. The part about the site material being potentially out of date and Sinemia is not responsible for keeping it up to date seems really problematic when you are suppose to be bound to that TOS, which may be changed on you without notice. Sinemia also does not keep a change log, so if you compare the TOS from beginning of 2018 to end of 2018, there's a lot more added. Some people who have tried to contest charges have had their accounts deactivated, which seems to be addressed under this clause. But to be able to terminate a paid subscription for no reason whatsoever seems like something that would illegal? \ .11. Sinemia may suspend the subscription, temporarily deactivate, or terminate your account at any time for any reason or none whatsoever; also including but not limited to the following: I'm not a lawyer or even a law student, but I get the impression that this labyrinth of terms and fees is how the company makes a lot of money. But how much of it is legal and enforceable? Thanks. 