 I have lived in the same decently upscale apartment complex in Minneapolis for nearly two years. Friday afternoon, I was out for a smoke and was chatting to the building maintenance supervisor, who I have always been pleasant with and run into on a near-daily basis on account of his living two floors above me. I asked how his day was going and he responded along the lines of “We’ll see. Shitty morning, some homeless guy broke into the garage last night, broke into my boat, and stole my skis and some fishing gear.” Friday night, I was out for a walk and a cigarette, when I noticed by pure coincidence a pair of skis and a backpack full of fishing gear on a cart with the apartment complex’s name painted on it, on the sidewalk by the neighboring parking garage. I looked around to see if anyone from the building staff was on hand, but it was late at night, sometime around 11:00 iirc, so nobody was. I don’t have his contact information and the office was closed, so I went back outside and wheeled the cart back behind the building, where I knew he’d run into it, and at the very least it was more secure than sitting on the sidewalk all night. Yesterday, it was not behind the building anymore. I assume he put it back into his boat. Tonight, I ran into him outside again and asked about his gear. He told me he couldn’t talk to me about it right now because he’s not on the clock, but that they have me on camera putting his gear behind the building and that something isn’t adding up so we will be having a conversation about it tomorrow. I don’t have a way to prove my story is true other than the fact that I have never gone near his boat and assuming it’s in the garage there should be a camera record of someone who isn’t me breaking into his boat. It’s possible there’s street cameras that saw me stumble onto it on the parking garage, but that would likely involve some kind of police or university investigation. I get why it looks suspicious but I was trying to be a good neighbor and I thought he would be grateful to have his stuff back. What should I do to best protect myself from building management and any legal issues they may decide to pursue? Are there bigger implications here? Do I need to be worried about this becoming a problem for housing in the future, or start looking for new housing ASAP? P.S. This isn’t the first time he has falsely accused me of something. A couple months ago, he physically accosted me for smoking weed behind the building (at a time when I had a very solid alibi, stuck at the Apple store for ~2 hours). He apologized for that one and I figured we were past this kind of bullshit. I want nothing more than to never have to interact with him again, and to be able to wash my hands of the bullshit once and for all without breaking my lease. 