 I’m going to try to be as brief as possible: Divorced since April of 2016. 50/50 2-2-3 schedule through a medicated settlement agreement. He changed jobs soon after to one with a challenging schedule that required him to bounce our son around quite a bit to other people. I got a lawyer and sought standard possession with a mediator. Out of no where, he switches jobs right before our mediation date. His new job supposedly allows him to not have to work weekends or have 12+ hour shifts. We decide to switch to a week on/week off with a Wednesday night dinner for every week for the non-possessing parent. He has a tendency of backing out of agreements (even legal ones), but I have been told many of the things he has refused to do (first right of refusal and communicating parenting matters mainly) are unenforceable. Because I am wary of him, back in May at our mediation session, I asked if we could make our agreement temporary orders. Fast forward: In November, his lawyer sends a new divorce decree that looks very similar to our temporary orders but without the Wednesday night dinners... Every Wednesday during my son’s “dad week”, I pick him up from school, take him out to dinner, and drop him back off at dad’s. Trade offs are cordial and fast. My son’s dad has literally never taken our son out on his Wednesdays. Additionally, the entire school year, he has only picked up our son once from school (according to sign out sheets) and has never done a drop off, relying on either his wife before school or mom after school. I was told that pursuing standard possession would be likely be unsuccessful since our son is not in physical danger, so I accepted our schedule as we put agreed last May: 50/50 week on/week off with Wednesday dinner. I am ready to sign off and make the temporary orders final just to be finally done with this mess. However, he wants me to give up Wednesday night dinners (citing they are a “disruption to our [5 year old] son’s life”) or take it to court. This seems absolutely ridiculous to me... my son enjoys our dinners, I have never dropped him of late (I actually drop him off 30 minutes earlier than I have to by dad’s request), and we are cordial during trade offs... Will this flop in court as much as I think it will if he pushes it there? I’m scared to stick up for my Wednesday night dinners with my son in court, but dad does not let our son communicate with me otherwise during his weeks, and I don’t want to lose the time I have to check in and show him I care when he is with his Dad. Is this worth the money and stress or should I just give up Wednesday night dinners? Ask your lawyer if they agree with that opinion. No one here knows your local family court like your lawyer does, but that’s not advice I usually hear. My lawyer was present. And we had evidence. The mediator, as a former judge, still said it wasn’t worth bringing to court. She said that while he is being kinda shitty, a judge in our county would likely get kinda pissed off that we were going to court over something so minor. Have you talked to your lawyer about this or were they present at the time? I don't see how it's unenforceable, those are common points in custody agreements, especially first right of refusal. I see how it might be difficult to prove hes not abiding by these points but that doesn't make it unenforceable. The mediator told me this is unenforceable even if it was put in our agreement :( The mediator (who was a former judge for our country) to me this. She admitted that he was being shitty but that all the things I was asking for (ability to make phone calls, weekly communication minimum through OurFamily Wizard, and enforcing the first right of refusal that was already in there) were all unenforceable if he chose not to do them. Told by who? Your lawyer? The mediator? Him? Oh I already have. I’m simply looking for more input here just to make myself feel more secure in moving forward. Thank you so much! So, I asked for this in mediation previously and was told that, while I could put it in, it was unenforceable. Is that not true? You child MUST be able to contact you. That’s the part I’d also be strong on. Ask your attorney about getting mandated nightly phone calls. If he drags you to court you might as well ask. Judges tend to not see intimidation to get you to give up rights in a good light. I recommend hiring your own attorney if you haven’t already as this is rather complex contract law: too complex and personal for us to give you concrete advice other than that. You have no contact while he’s with dad? That doesn’t seem right. Also, fight him on it. Make him look like an idiot in front of the judge. Judges do not like it when someone is so unreasonable. Especially for an agreement that has been working. Oh and, new job = change in financial circumstances. Make sure child support is adjusted accordingly. NAL. Don't give up your Wednesday nights! This is something your son will have fond memories of when he gets older and thinks back on his childhood. I doubt it's disruptive to your son. That’s kinda how I’ve been feeling. The fact that he is challenging this just seems... dumb. Thank you for your input. Nobody can tell you what you should do except a lawyer you hire. If you ask if I think he will win, no. And I think if you give in on this, he will start chipping away at your rights in other respects.