 Posting here on behalf of my girlfriend. For her 21st birthday a coworker thought it would be a good idea to purchase her a handgun, but never got around to putting the weapon in her name. We've had it put away safely but now with us looking to move we need to decide what to do with it. She has no interest in keeping it and I can't even if I'd want to since I'm not quite 20. Coworker is out of the picture after going off the deep end and threatening me, so even if we had some means of contacting him (she blocked him and deleted his number) we would both rather not involve him, especially in terms of a weapon. We know we cant sell it since it isn't hers to sell officially, and we were wondering what options there are to deal with it. We live in Texas if that matters.  't even if I'd want to since I'm not quite 20. What does your age have to do with anything?  I could argue that no consideration was exchanged, therefore a sale never occurred. Why would you literally throw away money? This is terrible advice. This is like saying I don't want this $400 anymore, here I'm going to give it to the IRS.  's no sort of registration or anything to go with it? What state do you live in, besides confusion? Yes that's still a private sale. You're completely legal. Nothing to worry about. Coworker bought from Academy, I think, then just handed it to her without another word. Does that still count as a private sale? I dont mean to seem difficult, I just want to be completely sure Private firearms sales are not regulated in the state of Texas. As long as the gun is not stolen, it legally belongs to her, and as long as she has nothing on her record preventing her from owning one it's completely legal. But if you insist on giving it up, I'll be happy to take it. :) No, no registration. There's no sort of registration or anything to go with it? She had nothing to do with her purchasing this gun, the coworker just strolled in and handed her the box. I just wouldnt want her getting in trouble in any event that it comes out she has a gun that isnt hers She can sell it. If it was given to her it is hers. In Texas there is no firearm registration. As long as she is not a prohibited person she is allowed to possess and own it. She may need a permit to carry it on her person. A gun store in the area may be able to sell it on consignment. A lot of police departments have gun buyback programs or programs to dispose of unwanted firearms safely. Contact your local police department and see if they have this. Find somewhere that will destroy it. Often times police stations can do this. You can always surrender it to the police. Call your local department's non-emergency number and ask them how to do this.