 Recently I decided to take in a gift of an electronic to be repaired for the person I gave it to. Between then and now we got into a dispute where I was told to keep it. Does this mean the item is officially under my possession? Okay, so this is not theft? I believe my ex friend might try and charge me for theft which I do not think this is at all, just a petty attempt at getting back at me or something. Small claims court is a civil court in the USA that handles civil disputes of smaller amounts (a few thousand dollars max in many places). No lawyers are needed, you simply appear in front of a judge, defend yourself when told to, and the judge decides. No jail. Just money owed or the return of the equipment or something. Not sure of Alberta’s counterpart but I understand it’s somewhat similar. What is a small claims court? Does this count as a criminal offense of sorts and is there a possibility of going to jail or being charged in some way? Sorry for all the last minute questions but I really do appreciate the information on a matter I have no clue about. You don’t have to prove that you own it, your ex friend needs to prove that they do. You simply defend against that claim with your evidence, and, well, the fact that you currently possess it. How that works out is a guess at this point. I’m not sure about Alberta’s small claims court equivalent but generally no lawyers are required. Okay, thank you. One last question. If I were to go to court, do I need a lawyer? I don't exactly have any kind of money for that. If the worse case scenario happens where I cannot prove ownership for whatever reason, can the dispute be settled by giving back the item? It's possible that "keep it" means they're giving you ownership of it. I feel like you feel that the ownership of the electronic is somewhat fuzzy. Right now, you have it, and you have the receipt, and you have a text message sorta-kinda giving it to you, so unless you're actually sued and have to defend against his claim of ownership, welp, you have it right now. Yes, I would say the ownership was transferred to them, but I am curious if them saying to keep it transfers ownership back to me. Does "letting them use it" involve transferring ownership to them? Sounds like you own it, but, with no offense meant, that's only knowing your side of the story. The judge will get to hear both sides so bring all your evidence. Note that lots of people threaten to sue; many times they don't follow through with it. Because I let them use it. They asked me to take it in for repair as it is under my name. But during this time when I was going to return it we got into the previously said dispute and they told me to keep it. Later they claimed that they only said that because of emotions and now are threatening to go to court claiming it was a gift and is wanting the said item back. But from my understanding and evidence through a message is that they gave me back ownership of it. Assuming the receipt you have corresponds to your purchase, then... it belongs to you? Why is your ex-friend telling you that you can keep something that already belongs to you? Something's missing from your story. I did yes. Did you purchase it? Would the receipt of purchase and such be helpful? A text message that insinuates that you own it now would be evidence in your favor to some degree. Okay, they may or may not be trying to bring this to court but I believe that the ownership is already mine. Is there anything I should know? Is all the evidence I need just the text message of them telling me to keep it? Okay thank you for your knowledge! If ownership was transferred to you, then it's yours, and not theirs to demand back, and generally, remorse is not a valid reason to unwind a verbal deal like that. But again, the specific words and specific circumstances are likely important. They claimed they only said to keep it due to emotions, meaning they want it back. But legally does this mean that my ownership is rescinded? I don't believe so, correct? Legally, probably yes, but that's likely going to come down to the specific words they said and under what circumstances. If the person asks for it back, I can refuse as it is currently in my ownership? Generally, "you can keep it," transfers the ownership to you. Might wanna follow up with that person and ask, "Ok, so is this electronic mine now?" just to be sure.