 Hi all, odd situation left my client for a month i don't think he was being taken care of by the son, I came back hes gotten hurt and malnourished. The client (father) asked me to work for free in exchange for the house because he cant trust the child to take care of him,he wrote it down on a piece of paper but i dont think thats legal haha. I asked again he does want to do it, i don't want to anger the child but i dont think they care much about him. Is there a form or someone i can contact or advice of course thank you. Crazy situation thank you appreciate all the help i can get 👍 That would be the place to start.  He gave me his lawyers info, ok i just call🤔 He told the child in front of me that he wants him to give me the house and he keeps the money i was shocked i dont think the child wants to give me anything just pay to keep him going with the fathers own money Yeah, play it safe - courts are unkind. You need to contact his estate attorney.  Contact his lawyer? Or is there a form we could sign of and make it official? Exactly! I have some texts that i think shows the negligence and people around have commented also, but im not sure how to proceed I've seen this side of things and believe me there are plenty of people who abandon their parents and then expect to receive everything their parents worked for despite the fact that someone else was doing everything and sacrificing everything. My perspective was more to point out to you the way that the courts would see things. The client who is offering to give you his home, would do so by completing a "Last Will and Testament", known as a "Will" for short.  What do you mean 🤔 I understand how it looks like they've had a troubled relationship i guess and he wanted to cut out the child out before but didnt, people around me think theyre unfit also (child) and i dont want to leave him too long ive cut my pay in prder to help him right now to live with him but yes that does make sense This is very unwise, legally speaking. You would be better off to continue submitting a bill with a running tab to the old man keeping copies for yourself so that when he passes you can submit the unpaid debt to the estate. The house is a part of the estate, so the executor will have to pay you. That may require whoever is settling the estate to sell the house but this would still be a far better outcome for you than attempting what will almost certainly look like taking advantage of a sick elderly man. NAL But I'm pretty sure the word you're looking for it "Will". 