 Hello, my question regards the legality of 3D porn since it seems to be a grey area in the US. For those who don't know Source Filmmaker is a program where people can use 3D models from video games to make animated videos. Of course, with the internet, this was used to make porn. Source Filmmaker porn is becoming an actual large industry, with people even making money doing commissions and patreons. So, my question is about the legality of the hardcore pornography made in source filmmaker. Since there is such freedom with the program people have explored fetishes that they would never indulge in reality. Specifically, my question is about pornography featuring bestiality or lolicon/shotacon (Pornography depicting minors). So can the creators or viewers of these images and animations be punished by law, since most articles on the subject seem to describe drawn pornography, not 3D models. Thank you Glad to hear you found that helpful. The problem of 3d fake porn isn't really much more than an evolution of fake 2d porn. The 3d-ness isn't going to make it more or less legal (I don't think). I can understand why famous female celebrities would see it as worse, but (I don't mean to sound crude) they don't have the right to prevent people from having increasingly realistic fantasies about having sex with them. The issue will probably still come down to "publicity rights". The people who create deepfake holodeck simulations of having sex with whoever the current 18+ famous celebrities are will have to deal with the repercussions, maybe. But I don't see how possession of such a thing -- even something off the reservation like bestiality, or mapping Taylor Swift's face onto a 3D model of a dog -- is going to be illegal in the same way child pornography is. Thank you for the in depth answer, I was very curious about this since the rise of 3D pornography and lack of writings/cases regarding it. There have been video game characters who have direct scans of actor's faces, but this is relatively rare, and no minors (as far as I know) have been used to make a 3D model for games. I will keep my eye out for any material/cases further regarding this topic. Regardless of the legality of the porn, it's probably just down to a question of obscenity (which could go either way or six different ways or even 50 different ways). In the US, however, "child pornography" is defined in terms of exploitation. It is defined as material for which production involved actual minor children engaged in sexually explicit conduct. Without actual minor children being involved, published material doesn't lose its protected status because it appears to depict children. (Though it might be illegal for other reasons). A couple of exceptions: Simulating an actual identifiable person who is underage, engaged in sexually explicit activity is probably still child porn even if that person wasn't in fact (ab)used in the production. Also,producing material that appears to involve minors and representing it as child porn is also not protected (similar to getting charged with distribution of cocaine even though all you did was sell bindles of crushed mannitol.) The materials would also be subject to claims that they are obscene, which is a different standard from child porn (and one that's way too complicated to generalize). Even if it's not criminal or uses minors or is a form of child porn, etc. deepfaking a particular person could open you up to a lawsuit for damages of various kinds in various states. California recognizes a right of celebrity/right of publicity, which is an invasion of privacy tort. Selling novelty pictures of Arnold Schwarzenegger (even ones you own the copyright to) could attract a lawsuit based in dilution of the value of Arnold's marketability. I picked on him because he has sued over this (and lost, but on personal jurisdiction grounds, not on the merits of the claim). I'm not going to opine on the legality of shota/loli. There are definitions laid out in statute, and you can fit these definitions to your understanding of these genres of hentai and come to an opinion about whether it counts as child porn or does not. As for bestiality, or things like furniture porn, etc. I would expect obscenity to be the main issue, since there would be no actual abusive behavior towards an animal.