 I've had a roommate for a couple years who lately has been a problem. To start, he's always been a generally dishonest and manipulative person, and an alcoholic. After some rough times, his alcoholism started becoming a real problem, he became less and less consistent and timely rent, smokes cigarettes int he apartment (even though our other roommate is allergic), and eventually started stealing alcohol from our other roommate. There's a longer complicated list of issues with him, but after the theft I told him January would be his last month in the apartment. He is NOT on the lease, I am the sole lease holder, he rents month-to-month by verbal agreement, there's no written contract between us. He's mostly paid rent and utils in cash, but has also used Venmo, so there's not a whole lot of paper trail in terms of rent receipts. Now, he has not paid the January rent, or the last two months of utilities. He has been hardcore avoiding me, I've reached out through text and email about what he owes but he hasn't replied. When I've called him a message says the voicemail mailbox hasn't been set up for the telephone number. My girlfriend says she saw him on his phone two days ago outside a nearby laundromat, so his phone probably still works. I feel like he's going to stiff me on rent, has blocked my number, and I'm suspicious that he's going to try to bolt while I'm at work (he knows my schedule), and might try to take some furniture that we bought together. Thanks in advance for any and all advice! Ask for payment now, because if he bolts, you're going to have problems tracking him down. It's also a lot easier to serve someone with small claims lawsuit paperwork when you know where they live. You can give him a 30 day eviction as well. As for the shared furniture, can you move it somewhere he can't get to it? Your room, or a friend's apartment? Just be sure not to touch his stuff.  This is terrible and illegal advice. You are absolutely correct. However, because he is a month-to-month tenant, you are allowed to terminate his tenancy with 30 days' notice. Don't toss any of his possessions.  From what little I understand of tenancy laws, since his residency here is "established" (he's lived here for a couple years and receives mail here), that would be super illegal and he could sue me for that :( He ain’t on the lease, change the locks on the door and throw his shit out