 About three weeks ago, new people moved in across the hall from me in my apartment complex. Since then, the hallway has reeked of weed, but I can’t do much about that since I live in CO and weed is legal here. However, it’s also started stinking of something sweeter that my partner says smells like “cigarettes, but sweeter” and I think smells like ammonia. They also consistently have people knocking on their door at night, and I hear a lot of voices over there (more than could reasonably live there) at night. Earlier today, the fire department came and knocked on their door until they opened it, and I heard the neighbors say “I ain’t OD’ing on it or nothing” before the fire fighters asked to go inside and I couldn’t hear anymore. Just now a guy was knocking on their door saying, “hey brother, it’s me, Matthew! Hey bro, wanna party?” and then the door opened and someone inside said, “let him in, he’s got money.” Well, he just came out of the apartment, saying “I’ll go get the money, bro, hey, I’ll go get a six pack of beer and the money, and we can drink a six pack of beer at your house. Hey, thanks for the beer, man!” Yeah, “beer.” Sure. Now somebody over there is screaming about “yo, I have to get the fuck out of here!” and I’m just really uncomfortable with being next to these people any longer. So, my question is, who do I go to? What will be the best way to report this? They have a little girl living there, around 8 years old. Also, I have two dogs and these people routinely try to talk to me when I take my dog out to pee at night (nothing threatening yet). My dog also really likes to lie right by our front door and it’s making me concerned with how our hallway smells.  I am no expert in law that’s for sure, but whatever you do my recommendation would be to NEVER interact with them directly regarding their business. Don’t ask them to do it elsewhere or even that you noticed smells and late night guests. Landlord or property manager should deal with the cops and if you have a trustworthy neighbor maybe get them to communicate the same concerns as a formal complaint, but the last thing you want is them thinking it was you that blew the whistle. They aren’t going to stop dealing because they were warned X amount of times, it doesn’t work that way. At this point it’s either you work to get them out, or you move out yourself, and you have much more of a right to feel safe and comfortable in your own apartment. Just my opinion, hope that helps Side note - such a shame that they have a young daughter involved. That’s a whole different fight but tragic she is learning the wrong lessons at such a young age from those who should be role models.  If you fear for your safety or someone else, please call the cops you don't have to give your name.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.