 I live in California. I have lived in apartments with my family my whole life. I've had a couple of bad neighbors but my current ones are something else. They moved in and made a lot of noise in an apartment that does not have much insulation to begin with. We tried getting them to be quiet by knocking on their door but never responded so I went to our rental office and told them what was going on and they assured me it would stop. It did not. It got worse. We then talked to them in person and they kindly told me they would keep it down. They continued to turn their tv loud until the sun rose along with loudly laughing and talking at all hours of the night. Followed by loud music waking us up as soon as they woke up. We called security and were told it would stop. We tried banging on the wall and it stopped a bit but then they continued and now have started to slam their doors in retaliation. It seems they retaliate by slamming their bedroom door whenever someone in the house makes noise be it a cough, sneeze, quick conversation with my brother, talking on the phone, doing ANYTHING is met with a retaliatory slam then sometimes followed by them laughing loudly. I have only been recording video for two days and have much evidence to prove that they are doing this on purpose. My rental office says to keep calling security but security seems to only care if they are actively making much noise like partying or fighting. What should I do? I can't afford to move out and cannot work because of a health issue. I spent hundreds on gas just to escape my house for a few hours over the months. I'm stuck here all day with this guy(people?) that don't seem to work or go to school and I can't have one moment of peace. My life is ruined, my girlfriend left me, my friends are tired of being around me because I have become so grumpy. My mom doesn't seem to be phased by the neighbors and/or is afraid to get involved. My brother is bothered but refuses to do anything about it. I feel as though I am out of options. It used to be I just wore earplugs to deal with the noise but I cannot stand to have my floor share constantly like this I feel like a bomb keeps going off. I have thought of some ideas [A.]() go to the office again in a couple of days after recording more B. call security if they keep slamming late at night OR if they do a very loud retaliatory slam regardless of time C. go directly to them and ask what the deal is (my brother strongly advises against this because he feels the neighbor would become confrontational D. call the police and tell them "hey they are doing this and i have evidence" E. find out who the person in the rental office works for and going directly to the landlord Sorry for the long post. If you got this far, what do you believe I should do? Talk to the landlord. It is your best bet for getting a reaction. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.