 My soon to be ex wife is threatening legal action against me. Long story short when we seperated I moved into the camper and she removed her name from the camper insurance the very same day. Shes the main name on the financing, but I co signed on it, I'm also the only one with a vehicle that can tow it. She told me "all I want is for you gone and the camper out of my name" I told her my plan, which was dumb but I was following my therapist's advice of being open and transparent, and told her how I had made a deal with the dealership for them to buy it back for what is owed so that I can get a larger camper to live in. So she called the dealership and told them "I'm not going to sign off on that. I'm not going to let him live in a bigger trailer" and then she texted me asking for the camper. I told her that I was ok with that and I would be happy to move my belongings out after she refinanced it and got my name removed so that I was no longer liable on it. She said absolutely not so I said no thank you. So she threatened to have a deputy "come evict" me and when I told her that's not how it works she said "congratulations! You just bought legal fees!" And said shes going to a lawyer. My dad says not to waste the money because theres no recourse she has on me. But I just wanted to check if theres anything I should be worried about here? I have text messages where she says she doesnt want the camper and wants her name off of it. Dont know how powerful texts are in terms of courts, but all of our communication has been via text and not over the phone. Yes I have filed the divorce paperwork. Doing it pro se because we only have that camper, a couch, and a king sized bed as assets. So plan was to solve everything in mediation. Have you started divorce proceedings? NAL but it sounds like the camper would come up as an asset and should be handled by your divorce attorney that you should have Ok just confirmed we are both on the title. I'm trying to get a mediation appointment set up so we can work through this as quick as possible. Hopefully she will play nice in mediation because right now she thinks she has some legal high ground to work on and is claiming I'm going to be paying her legal fees. Ok I guess I need to double check tomorrow and make absolutely sure we are both on the title. Thank you! The bank holds the title as part of the lien process, but it will be your name, her name or both. If it's your name it's yours she gets no say. If it's her name she can take it away. If it's both neither can sell it without the other signing off. You can seek a partition order if an agreement can't be made. If it hasn't happened yet, I'm about to sound super stupud.. if we are financing it wouldnt the bank be on the title? If not I imagine we both should be. We both signed all the papers when buying it. Financing is irrelevant. Who is on the title?