 Hi there, so a friend of mine as gotten herself in a real messed up situation. We will call her "Sarah." Sarah gets off work at 9 and we plan on going to the police station but need some legal advice as to how this will affect her in regards to her getting in trouble. TL;DR My friend met with some "sugar daddy" that she heard of through a girl she met on tinder. The girl told her it was her sugar daddy and shed pay her to go give him a blow job because she didn't want to. My friend goes and never gets paid. Days later they are saying she has to do it again or they will post a video that was secretly recorded on social media/ porn sites. Back Story: So Sarah and I are 18. We've joked around about being poor college kids and finding a "sugar daddy" I always thought it was all fun and playful until my friend recently told me she's been seeing older men on dates and such. I didn't care at all until a week ago she called to say she would be sharing her location with my through our iPhones because she was going to meet up with some potential sugar daddy at a nearby park. I told her this was not a smart idea but could not stop her so instead insisted on details and location/ time of everything. Sarah met some woman on tinder named "eve," she was just some pretty girl that Sarah wanted to be friends with. Eve tells Sarah about a sugar daddy she has. Eve then tells Sarah that her sugar daddy is interested in her and that if Sarah went and gave this guy a blow job she would give her some money because she didn't feel like doing it herself. My friend agrees and meets with said guy at the park like mentioned earlier. She gives him head they hang out for a while the she leaves. A few days later "eve" -which I believe isn't a girl at all but is actually this guy- tells her that he wants to see her again. Sarah says she's not interested because she was never paid and The Whole situation seems off. Eve tells her that this time she will go with her but my friend declines again. At this point eve tells her that the "sugar daddy" recorded her in the car giving head and that if she doesn't come again he will post it on social media and porn pages. At this point Sarah is freaking out so I tell her to tell them that she is actually under age and of he does that he will face child pornography charges. Eve tells my friend how mad this guy is and that they don't believe her, they also say they've looked her up and know she's been lying. -she lied about where she lived and her name- . They continue to black mail her and tell her how mad this guys is and threaten to ruin her life by sending this out. We don't know if eve is even real or if there is an actual video. I told her she should press charges and that this guy seems dangerous. She is afraid because eve saying she will pay her that shell just be seen as a prostitute. what can/ should she do ?  Agreed.  As always, get a lawyer. Once this is done, go to the police. This is not a good situation, but they are the only folks equipped to pursue charges, or actions preventing this guy from releasing anything. 