  Years ago the farm was purchased by my Mom and Dad in Ohio. Both names are on the deed. She inherited money from her father who had died in WW II. This money bought the farm, he later improved it with a new house. They later got divorced, she left him. The divorce decree stated that the farm would be sold when my youngest sister turned 18 (she is now like 52). That did not happen. At one point my Mom sued my Dad for back rent payments from renting the land out during this time. It went back and forth and my Mom finally dropped the suit as it was costing money and didn't seem to be going anywhere. She has tried to settle several times, he won't so at some point there is going to be a mess to clean up. There is myself and two sisters from this first marriage. Well Dad is 78 now and remarried. Mom is 76. Last that I spoke to both of them of them neither has a will. So with their respective ages it is getting close to the end game. The way I see it, if either of them pass away then the divorce decree becomes obsolete. So now there are two scenarios: 1) if Dad goes first then his current wife inherits his half. My mother with her half interest should be able to get 1/2 the farm rent and even get 1/2 value of the rentable value of the house as rent from her going forward. Given the history of this I don't know how she will handle it. 2) if Mom goes first then we 3 kids should inherit her 1/2 interest in the property. Again we should get 1/2 of the farm rent and if we would want to push we should in theory be able to get fair rent for 1/2 of the rentable value of the house. Again given his history then I don't know how he would handle this, hopefully he would not carry forward this vindictiveness. Of course, any sale of the property would only take place if everyone signs and the proceeds split according to the amount of each persons percentage of ownership in the property. Anyway does this layout of the 2 scenarios sound about right? Is there anything else - a 3rd scenario?  Wow thanks a lot for your reply. It is detailed and gives me a lot of information that i was not aware of. I can see that there is some homework that needs to be done on this. Number one is to see exactly how the deed is worded.  You're missing a few pieces. To start with, there are several ways that two people can share title to property, and it can make a huge difference on what happens when one of them dies. If they are on the deed as 'joint tenants' then when either of them dies, the other gets the property in full. It doesn't pass through the estate or anything - it just belongs to the other person now. When that second person dies... it gets probated with THEIR estate to their heirs. On the other hand, if they're on the deed as 'tenants in common' then each person's interest behaves more like a real and separate article and their half would pass to their heirs. So, first, you need to figure out exactly what the deed says about their partnership to figure out the basics. The next thing you have to understand... if your dad dies without a will his current spouse does NOT get all of his stuff. If your dad dies and has multiple surviving children from a previous marriage, his current wife gets the first $20,000 from the estate + 1/3 of what's left. The remaining 2/3 gets split between his children. has a chart of all the possible scenarios. Next - not every article in the estate has to be split individually. Meaning - If he dies with a wife and two children from a previous marriage, you don't each HAVE to inherit 1/3 of this property. You each HAVE to be given 1/3 of the value of the estate. So it's totally possible for ONE of you to keep the farm, somebody else to keep another property, and somebody else to keep all the cash and furniture. You DO have options for simplifying what happens to the farm in the future... it doesn't have to end up with 14 people each owning single digit percents of the asset. As to the question of rent - it's NOT automatic that everyone who owns a property is entitled to an equal share of the income from renting it. Are you all doing an equal share of the maintenance? Are you all paying an equal share of the realtor's fee to find a new tenant when it's empty? Are you all helping clean and renovate between tenants? It's not uncommon at all for one party to do all of the work and keep most or all of the rental income, while another partner just benefits from appreciation... so you all are going to have to come to an agreement about who does what, and how they're compensated. If the people who own the property can't agree - whether that's your mom and dad now, or some committee of all of you in the future who inherit stakes in it - you can always file a partition suit to force the sale of the property. Everyone gets their share of the proceeds and you can all move on.