 So we recently bought a property in June of last year. We’ve been working really hard to clean the place up and make it into something we’ll be able to sell in another year or so and hopefully make a profit. Well in the last couple of weeks my neighbors have decided they’re going to make their backyard into a trailer park. We all live on 1 acre+ lots in this neighborhood so the yards are decent sized. So now he has moved 2 decrepit run down single wide trailers into his backyard with the intention of renting them out to other families. I know for sure this is going to drive the price of my home down being that now there’s going to be a trailer park right next to our yard. Is there any action I can take legally to prevent this, or sue them if when I do go to sale it does in fact drive the price down? I am in midland county Texas. Thanks  My apologies, I don’t know how I missed that! Having a little trouble finding Midland’s, all I’m finding is a proposed zoning draft from 2016. You can try code enforcement, city inspector, a bunch of other departments I don't know the name of in your city. Thank you I think I will do just that! The codes are really hard to sort through if you don’t know what you’re looking for I’m finding. Really appreciate it! Thanks but this is for midland Michigan I’m in midland Texas. I’m gonna see if I can find these one their website though. Really appreciate it! NAL. This is zoning info from 2013. See pages 27, 28, 29 about water sewage, aesthetics, non family in temporary structures. One of the earlier pages also discussed paving requirements. %20County/Documents/Planning/Zoning%20Ordinances/Midland%20Charter%20Township%20Zoning%20Ordinance%20%284_15_13%29_final.pdf You can look into building codes, rentals, trailer parks etc. I don't know what they call the codes for trailer campsite. There are a lot codes that can come into play ;could be occupant density , foundations, water use/hook-up, sewage , min/max size, placement etc. You might want to have a quick consult with a LOCAL real estate lawyer, codes are city and county level.  That would likely be decided at the municipal level Also curious if this could fall into a zoning problem? I’m not an expert hence my questions, but I was under the impression your property needs to be zoned for multiple domiciles.  [removed] Thanks I’m going to look into this. It’s definitely a health hazard based on their open septic system that’s already overflowing and stinking as well as the condition of the trailers doesn’t seem to even be livable. In this area people are desperate due to lack of rentals and will rent it if the price is right.  Your local fire chief would definitely be interested Any idea what this ordinance would be? I’ve searched but have no idea what I’m looking for. If they’re not breaking laws, obviously I’m gonna mind my own business and probably just get some really noisy annoying animals to put against that fence haha.  If it isn't a violation of a city or county ordinance then you cannot do anything. If they are not breaking any laws then leave them alone. 