 I’m 23, I just looked through my credit records for the first time because I haven’t been able to get a credit card from ANYWHERE when I’ve never even used my credit before. Or, so I had thought. For the record, I went to Gold’s a year and a half ago to ask about a membership and I had a “trial” day right then and there where I worked out and used their facility to see if I liked it. I didn’t, and I never called them or told them I wanted to sign a contract. I must have given them my info (I don’t remember what I gave or filled out but maybe it was a liability form?) because the fake contract has my address and even my SUPER old home phone number that I wouldn’t have even given them because my family got rid of it a decade ago. On Creditwise, found a 1.5 year old account that had a debt of $1300, plus interest. It was through “Swift Funds”. I tried to call the collector company to find out what this was about. The phone line wasn’t connected to anything; it wasn’t a real number or something. I called TransUnion the next morning and asked about the debt and they said it was from my membership at Gold’s Gym, which I NEVER SIGNED UP FOR. I told them I wanted to dispute and get it removed from my credit. After that, I went to Gold’s to get a copy of this so-called membership. They gave it to me, and it had a signature with my name on it, but it’s NOT my signature. It says I agreed to a 2 year contract for $50/month. I’m livid. I read reviews, and apparently they have done this several times. I filed a police report after that and showed them the contract. They filled out a report but said this happens a lot and the system is poorly designed and it’s hard to prove that the signature is forged. I’m so mad. My credit was ruined over this and I wish I had found it sooner but I didn’t really understand how credit works or how to look into mine. I have been refused housing and unable to sign a lease anywhere, and I can’t get approved for a credit card even at my own bank. I’m hoping this all goes away now that I’ve reported it, but I’m wondering if there’s anything else I can do. I want to sue the st out of them, even in small claims court or something. They’ve made my life difficult the past year and a half while I’ve been struggling with young adult independence.  Yes, and I was told to keep following up with the various companies that may have my credit info on file including the debt, to be sure it gets removed completely and across the board.  Did you follow the process to dispute the item on your credit report?