 My girlfriend has always said she hates her father, but she never specifies why. He's an alcoholic, and has this "no boy can ever know my daughter" ideology. Tonight, she told me that she hates him for the reason I specified in the title. Her father and mother are divorced, so she sleeps at his house, on his couch every few weeks. Ever since she was 9, she would occasionally wake up in the middle of the night, nude, and with her blankets on the floor. She says she never went to bed nude. She told me the last time it happened, it was after a huge fight with his wife (her step mom), and when she woke up, she was nude and had no blankets. Another time, her door was open (she had a room at this house) her clothes were on the floor, and her blankets were beside them. She said that this has been going on since she was nine. She is terrified of what could happen if she seeks help. He does some other creepy things, like he wants to know where she is 24/7. He also wont allow her to have boys in her contact list, so she changes my name to Robin.  I got her to tell her mother one more time. Her mother believes her, and will be going to the police station first thing tomorrow morning Then she needs to move on to the next two options. I agree. I've been talking her through it for awhile  She has told her mother a few times. She never believed her When was the last time she thinks it happened? If somewhat recent, I would suggest a camera where she is sleeping. She could report it to the police...but... the evidence is so weak....She does not even know what happened for sure... how can a jury?.... If she is confused, the court will be... If she could somehow get her hands on a suitable camera, that would be a big help, especially if she thinks he may do it again. Of course, how does it undress her without her waking up? All her clothes? Perhaps a toxicology report is in order. But as i said... A camera would be a huge help if she suspects a repeat of the situation, then she can see what happened on the camera, and know once and for all. She could have memory issues, or sleepwalking issues.... or he could be drugging her. Perhaps you could find a way to get your hands on a good camera for the job?  This is ridiculous and inappropriate advice. Don’t give it in here again. Removed.  Dude, if I were you... I would first of all NOT call yourself her boyfriend and I would GTFO of this situation. This likely ends in him walking in on you two or something of that affect and him fucking murdering you. When it comes to what she should do, she should report this to somebody. Probably like a school counselor or something. Somebody who is actually a lawyer will comment and tell you who to report to. She can talk to her mother, she can call the police when it happens, and/or she can call CPS. She should immediately call the police.