 I'm selling my car through a private party transaction, and the buyer is located 3 hours away in the same state (Washington state, USA). I own car outright, but buyer is getting a loan with a credit union that doesn't have a branch near me (nearest branch is 3 hours away). Credit nnion is requesting I sign release of interest, power of attorney, and bill of sale forms, then overnight mail them to the credit union. I'll get cashier's check from bank a few days later when buyer comes to pick up the car, and in exchange I give the buyer the signed title. The credit union is legit, but should I be worried that I'm signing papers releasing my rights to the car and giving credit union power of attorney a few days before I'd be able to get the money? I'm located 3 hours away from the nearest credit union branch, so I'd strongly prefer not having to travel to the credit union to sign and get the check in person. Thank you for sharing your feedback. NAL, work at a financial institution though I don't handle consumer loans I know a bit about that line of business. When a POA is requested in regard to a vehicle loan, it is so that the financial institution can file the appropriate paperwork with the state to have themselves listed as first lien holder on the title. That said, I would absolutely not sign the paperwork until you have the check in hand and you have called the CU to verify it's authenticity since washed (legitimate money order that has had the original printing removed and new printing added) or outright fraudulent cashier's checks are a thing.  I just did this buying not selling with my credit union less than two weeks ago. I can confirm it's legit. They will need power of attorney regarding the title because they will own it until it's paid off. Everything with mine went very smooth.  Power of attorney? Pretty sure that's _not_ how this works. If there's multiple grand on the line, you might look into an escrow company to handle the exchange. NAL but this seems off to me. I made this exactly transaction as a buyer. I flew to the other side of the country with a cashiers check, got the title, and drove the car home. All the credit union was expecting was that the DMV send them the title when I brought it in to register the car.