 Hi, I'm an 18 year old who got a speeding ticket for going 92 in a 70 on the interstate in Tift County, Georgia. I paid the outrageous $500 ticket, but I'm wondering if I'll have a warrant for my arrest if I don't go to the court hearing, since I live in central Florida and only passed through because of a convention and it's too far away for me to make the trip. Any tips I can get on that? I'm super scared about it and if I just need to dedicate a day to drive up there and deal with it, I will. Thank you guys! Probably won’t be until after your court date  How long does this usually take, since it's been 2 weeks since this has happened and I have still received no such notification. Yes there is, I will be calling them tomorrow to see if I can beg for them to let me not have to go up there lol Driving over 85 also qualifies you as a Super Speeder which brings an additional $200 charge from the State of Georgia. You will receive notification of this in the mail.  I apologize . My comment wasn't really towards you. Mainly, anyone who knew the answer because I've gotten a parking ticket before but never showed up to court . But you should if there's a number you can call and ask if you have to show up since you've paid the ticket already. Good luck  Call the court. Make sure they got the money and find out if there are any further requirements. Slow Down.  Is there a number on the ticket for you to call?  I'm not quite sure I understand what you're saying. Basically, I paid the ticket, but they said on the website that if I don't pay the ticket I will have a warrant for arrest, but because I'm under 21 I have to show up but I don't see anything about arrest if you don't show up to the court. I'll probably go anyway but it's worth seeing if I could just pay a fee for not showing up and being considered guilty immediately, since I already paid it after all. How does one find out if they have a warrant for paying a ticket and not going to the court appearance ?  That's bad advice. Some tickets have mandatory court appearance. Without more details from OP, telling him to skip court could cause him a slew of problems, from license suspension to being arrested. It said if I'm below 21 I have to appear, guess I'll just face the music, plead guilty, and just drive back, it's not a huge deal, it's just a bummer I have to take a day to do that.  No the court date is for if you want to dispute the ticket. If you paid the fine you should be in the clear but I would still call the probate court and ask them if you are expected to appear. I’ve gotten at least 5 speeding tickets in Georgia and I’ve never shown up to court for any of them, just paid my fines before the court date. 