 Throwaway account. I’m going to be 18 in a few weeks. By all means, I should be waiting those few weeks so I can leave without any legal issue. But what used to be just emotional abuse with occasional violence is getting worse. My mother has been hitting me more, my step-dad has been creepier, and I’m scared the day I turn 18 that I’m going to be locked down in this house until I become a wife. My older siblings that are already gone want to help me leave. We have a plan. It was going to be the night of my 18th birthday that we acted on it, but they’re also concerned about the escalation as well. These following weeks can hold so much danger and I’m truly terrified. But I don’t want to get my siblings in legal trouble, and my mother is a petty spitfire. I know there’s no law preventing me from running away, but that anybody who helps me can be charged with a misdemeanor. I need to be able to avoid that by all means, except waiting. Is there any way I can help my siblings out in this legally? There is no law that prevents you from from leaving once you turn 18. Before that yes there are laws and your siblings could be in trouble. As others said call CPS or the police. If you are going to stay till you turn 18 tell your siblings you will meet them once your legally 18. If you fail to arrive then have them call the police for you. Have them tell the police the whole thing. Also i'm not an attorney. Find a battered women's shelter and go there! They will help you. You are incorrect in believing there is no law against running away. It is a status offense in which you can be charged and need to appear in court for. Contributing to the delinquency of a minor is also a crime like you had mentioned. I would say having your siblings open a case for you with child protection would be the way to go. However if they find reason for you to be removed from the home, they generally don’t let you pick where you want to go until the hearing (I.e with your siblings/friends). Also, this can be a long drawn out process and if you are 18 on a couple weeks, may not really be worth the time and aggravation. You are almost 18. Your mother shouldn’t be physically punishing you at this point. You should call the police if it happens again. When the police arrive you can tell them that you are scared you are going to be physically harmed. That should start services directed your way, such as CPS. You can call CPS and ask for assistance. The fact that your mother is hitting you may be enough.