 I received a summons and complaint through my local circuit court from a lawyer representing Portfolio Recover Associates (PRA), a junk debt buyer, alleging that I broke a contract with them by failing to make payments on a credit card from a creditor who sold them the charged off balance. They also attached the last invoice (principal, interest, and fees totaling \~$1.2k) I was sent by the original creditor, which was six months after I stopped being able to afford payments. To be clear, the original debt was legit, but I have no way of repaying it, as my only income is student financial aid, which I need to last at least until the end of the semester. I know it's not a defense, but I'm also judgement proof, as I have no real income (federal student aid IIRC is ungarnishable), and very limited assets which should be under the cutoff for repossession. Now, I know I'm supposed to write an Answer to the complaint, but I have no idea what I should deny or admit to, as I never contracted with PRA. I'm also unsure how to format the thing. How should I go about answering the complaint? Do I actually owe them? And what are the chances I can convince them to either drop the suit or settle for a greatly reduced amount (what I can realistically afford)? If it's not already apparent, I definitely can't afford an attorney, and none of the ones in my area who have free consultations seem to practice consumer law, so I need as much help as possible. Any other info/advice that might be remotely helpful to my case would be greatly appreciated. A judgment in MS lasts 7 years. ยง15-1-43. Limitations applicable to actions founded on domestic judgments or decrees; renewal of judgment or decree; notice of renewal. All actions founded on any judgment or decree rendered by any court of record in this state, shall be brought within seven (7) years next after the rendition of such judgment or decree, or last renewal of judgment or decree, whichever is later. The statutes you cited have nothing to do with credit card debt. That would likely need to be obtained through the company suing you or their attorney. So I imagine I would put the request for verification in my complaint answer? OK. So your credit is shot. That being the case, AND the fact that you have no money and do not want to or can not settle the bill or make payments and this is the route you are going, you need to: Not go to court. Let them get yet another judgement against you. Court is a scare tactic. Once in court, the judge will make you meet with the debt collector and hammer out a payment plan in another room and you have no power. Your best bet is to not go. This is a civil matter, not criminal. CC debt is unsecured. This happens every day. The worst case scenario here is a writ of garnishment. With that, they can now try to siphon money out of your savings, checking account, etc. They can also throw a lien against personal property like land or your house. As you have no money, they pretty much can pound sand. You will have to live on a cash basis for the immediate future, paying bills with money orders, and the like outside a banking entity. The life of a judgement in Mississippi is 3 years (MCA 75-3-118, 75-2-725, and 15-1-49) Important: do not speak to them on the phone. Only correspond with them via mail in written form. Important: Keep all the letters they send you. This will prove when the judgement was issued. In 36 months, the debt is dead. Understand, they purchased your debt for about $25. So don't be afraid to correspond back to them and say, "I am willing to borrow money from my Mom and settle this for $100." If you settle, you need to get everything in writing beforehand (Letter or offer of compromise). Even at this point, DO NOT speak to them verbally. Only via mail. The harder you are to find, the better for you. I would get a PO Box as your address from here on out as most debt collectors will violate any and all state laws despite them. They should have an agreement with the original company (or other documentation showing how it passed from the original company to them). You can request it from them to verify their claim. Part of a settlement agreement will be a clause that they waive any further claim as long as you pay what is agreed in the settlement. Thanks for your answer! How can I verify that they own the debt? For all I know they didn't properly obtain they debt, so I have no reason to take their word for it. Also, even if they agree to settle out of court for a reduced amount, how can I ensure they don't continue the suit anyway for the full amount? I appreciate the help!  'm also judgement proof No, you're not. You'll want to provide the facts supporting your defense. Check with the court for specific documents/formats they may require ([this]() looks like it might be a good place to start). You do owe them; they legally bought the debt from the company you originally borrowed the money from. If the debt is valid (which you said it is) then they probably won't drop the suit. There's a chance you can settle, they might be willing to take an offer of immediate cash. If what you offer now isn't enough for them they can use the judgement later as a basis to collect other ways, like garnishing your future wages.