 Our apartment complex in LA county has had roof construction going on for several months. A week or two ago it rained, and it caused a bit of water damage in the corner of our ceiling (likely due to the roof not being completely fixed). They are now trying to kick us out 8 days from now so they can do the repairs. We still feel like it's habitable, since the damage doesn't seem to be that bad, but they don't seem to be giving us a choice. If it matters, we do have a lease going through this summer, but we're not in a rent control city. They're offering to refund January rent and pay back the security deposit, which is nice, but the deadline is more concerning than the money at this point. We're busy and don't really have time to find a new apartment, pack everything up, and move there within a week. This is the only piece of our lease that seems relevant: "If we are prevented from completing performances of any obligations hereunder by an act of God, strikes, epidemics, war, acts of terrorism, riots, flood, fire, hurricane, tornado, sabotage, or other occurrence which is beyond the control of the parties, then we shall be excused from any further performance of obligations and undertakings hereunder, to the full extent allowed under applicable law. Furthermore, if such an event damages the property to materially affect its habitability by some or all residents, we reserve the right to vacate any and all leases and you agree to excuse us from any further performance of obligations and undertakings hereunder, to the full extent allowed under applicable law." Do we have any options other than just giving up and moving? Thanks for the advice! This was helpful. I just got the formal email from them and it turns out they can only "request" that I leave by next week, so I'm going to try to negotiate. Thanks again! They can't remove you out before your lease terminates unless the damage has made the place uninhabitable, or they formally evict you for a violation of your lease You can refuse, and force them prove that this damage has materially affected the unit's habitability. That said, water damage can be much worse than it looks