 A friend I used to be close with but now barely ever talks to me wrote a song when I was hospitalized for a suicide attempt. The song (albeit not a bad song) features actual quotes from my texts to him when I was on the verge of killing myself and no one brought the idea that it was really exploitive of my situation until New Year’s Eve. Thinking about it now I feel it’s screwed up because they used my story to write a song, played at gigs you have to pay to get into, and are now selling the song on iTunes for a dollar. The reason I use quotes around friend is because this guy barely ever acknowledges my existence and is known for doing scummy things to his ‘friends.’ I was wondering if I had any options to do anything about it. INAL, so ... I'm so sorry your trust was betrayed like this. Do you still have the texts? If not, you don't have much to stand on. If you have the texts, you're going to need to retain a lawyer, one who specializes in intellectual property. AFIAK, the texts to him were intended to be private communication unless you gave permission for them to be shared. If you did not give permission for them to be shared, or gave limited permission for them to be shared, depending on the circumstances of how/when/why they were shared, it may be something you can litigate over. Your lawyer can clarify this. Another poster suggested avoiding the Streisand Effect, and I'm going to say that a strategy to get the song taken down and/or avoid the SE, is not to demand that the song come down, but to punch them in the pocketbook and insist on royalties. You want back royalties. You want ongoing payments for streaming (even if they stream it for free on their website), and you want a fixed payment per download on all licensed platforms. (This will stop them from taking the song off iTunes and giving it out as a freebie on their website.)  Regardless of what you do, beware the Streisand Effect, especially if you don't want to relive a dark moment of your life: [\_effect]() Alright, thanks for the help man. I'm not saying anything; I'm just linking to info about the song in question. I'd get an hour with a lawyer in this sort of field to find out if you have a case worth pursuing.  So what you’re saying is there is a chance I could pull that? If I was to gather the texts  I hope I can. Even if I don’t pursue a legal route, I’m friends with someone from the band who I think would be understanding and maybe get them to take the song down or stop playing it or something. Thanks for the help anyways man Definitely need to find those, otherwise you have nothing to go on. If you can’t find them... then I think you’re sold outta luck. :(  The only problem is with the texts is that this happened a while ago and I’m not able to find the texts despite them being on my current phone, so I need to find a way to get them from a backup (which I’m working on figuring out). Ok, as long as you have actual physical proof that you said the things. Its hard though because he can easily say “I was writing the song before that happened, and I told him about it.” But IANAL.  (Sarah_McLachlan_song) But that never made it to trial because the stalker/plaintiff died first. At that moment I called but I talked to him other times through text. There were mostly texts, some phone calls, and some actual face to face conversations. So you called him, or you were texting with him? If you want to take legal action here, you need to have your story straight or their lawyers will chew you up and spit you out.  He was a good friend of mine before he just basically ghosted me. We were fairly close and when I was attempting to take my life I called and he talked me out of it. We were close at a time, but that was a while ago. If he barely acknowledges your existence, why were you texting him about being on the verge of killing your self??  Im not sure he could. Doesnt sarah mclachlan have a song where most of the lyrics are from love letters written by her stalker. Not a lawyer. If you effectively wrote the lyrics in your texts then maybe you could argue copyright infringement. Would depend on lots of things including how extensive the use of your words is.  Well, that is just awful. I am sorry. Unfortunately, there isn't much to be done about it.