 Summary: We have been renting our current house in CT for 7 months, our lease expires July 2019. We have had nothing but issues, things are breaking non stop. We are currently dealing with a furnace that doesn't work all the time during 5 degree weather. I've been reading my rights as a tenant and am hoping to get some insight if we stand a chance at breaking the lease early. The following is what I have typed up to mail to our LL's, it covers all the issues we've had thus far (that we haven't repaired ourselves). Any advice would be greatly appreciated. We are exhausted. LL's, We have been living at Hell house since July 2018 and the following issues have come up, some have been addressed and fixed and others have not or created other issues that have been ignored. \-Trash: There are several large items of trash that we were told would be removed and have not been. \-Landscaping and general care of the outside of the home, including deck. The wooden deck and front entrance are both rotting and paint is peeling. When it is icy the deck is a huge safety hazard. \- Furnace. The furnace doesn’t not work properly, this has been an issue since it starting getting cold and has become a very big issue with long periods without heat or hot water. For example, the furnace will stop during the night and the temperature in the house will be 55 or lower by the morning. This issue is currently being working on at the expense of the tenants (with verbal promise of reduction in rent for the costs). \-The A/C system had not been properly cared for or serviced causing extremely high humidity in the upstairs and high temperatures during the summer and fall. This causes the ceiling in one of the bedrooms to swell and leaking water. There is currently visible water damage and a hole that have not been repaired. Damage occurred in August of 2018. \- The Kitchen sink leaks small amounts of water underneath. The landlord had a handyman come and assess the need for repairs, a pipe was tightened and the repairman said it needed to be replaced but at that time the Landlord chose to not replace the leaking fixture. It continues to leak small amounts of water. \-Garage doors did not work upon move in. Landlord had them serviced at tenant’s request in November 2018. Repairman recommended full replacement as they do not function correctly. Nothing has been done at this point to fix them. \-Electrical issue in the living room. Lights flicker and will not turn on. Contacted the Landlords via text on 01/18/2019 and have not received a call back. We have been told by a handyman that is likely an electrical short and poses a fire hazard. \-Tenants have not received a request to have the home inspected but have had people who claim to be the landlord’s cousin stop by to see how things are. No warning and very invasive. \-We have no way to contact the Landlords other than mail. We were verbally told at the beginning of the lease that we should direct all issues to their son Ken Chen. There is nothing in the lease that states this. The following CT Landlord/Tenant laws are being broken due to the previously stated issues: “Sec. 47a-7. Landlord's responsibilities. (a) A landlord shall: (1) Comply with the requirements of chapter 368o and all applicable building and housing codes materially affecting health and safety of both the state or any political subdivision thereof; (2) make all repairs and do whatever is necessary to put and keep the premises in a fit and habitable condition, except where the premises are intentionally rendered unfit or uninhabitable by the tenant, a member of his family or other person on the premises with his consent, in which case such duty shall be the responsibility of the tenant; (3) keep all common areas of the premises in a clean and safe condition; (4) maintain in good and safe working order and condition all electrical, plumbing, sanitary, heating, ventilating and other facilities and appliances and elevators, supplied or required to be supplied by him; (5) provide and maintain appropriate receptacles for the removal of ashes, garbage, rubbish and other waste incidental to the occupancy of the dwelling unit and arrange for their removal; and (6) supply running water and reasonable amounts of hot water at all times and reasonable heat except if the building which includes the dwelling unit is not required by law to be equipped for that purpose or if the dwelling unit is so constructed that heat or hot water is generated by an installation within the exclusive control of the tenant or supplied by a direct public utility connection. (b) If any provision of any municipal ordinance, building code or fire code requires a greater duty of the landlord than is imposed under subsection (a) of this section, then such provision of such ordinance or code shall take precedence over the provision requiring such lesser duty in said subsection. (c) The landlord and tenant of a single-family residence may agree in writing that the tenant perform the landlord's duties specified in subdivisions (5) and (6) of subsection (a) and also specified repairs, maintenance tasks, alterations, or remodeling, provided the transaction is entered into in good faith and not for the purpose of evading the obligations of the landlord. (d) The landlord and tenant of a dwelling unit other than a single-family residence may agree that the tenant is to perform specified repairs, maintenance tasks, alterations or remodeling if (1) the agreement of the parties is entered into in good faith; (2) the agreement is in writing; (3) the work is not necessary to cure noncompliance with subdivisions (1) and (2) of subsection (a) of this section; and (4) the agreement does not diminish or affect the obligation of the landlord to other tenants in the premises.” Per the lease: “MAINTENANCE: Landlord shall have the responsibility to maintain the premises in good repair at all times and perform all repairs necessary to satisfy any implied warranty of habitability.” At this time, we are contacting the Legal office for Housing for assessment of Safety. We are requesting to be released from our lease effective 2/28/2019 and to be completely refunded our security deposit ($2450.00) as the home is in equal if not better condition than when we took residence. Regards, Thanks, I'm doing some heavy editing tomorrow with fresh eyes and going from there.  I get that. Email it and send a copy registered mail. Thank you, I'm pretty exhausted and worked up so I definitely know it needs work. Honestly we just want out, we've told told so many times things will be fixed and nothing happens.  [removed] Hell house is where the address is going. Thanks for the advice NAL, this is a legal advice sub and this is more ‘write a better letter’ reply. Don’t start with insults. ‘Living in the house from hell’ gets you nothing and at the same time gets under the LLs skin. List your #1 complaint first always. Trash and landscaping are petty problems compared to let’s say, heat. Heat is a large problem that legally needs to be dealt with in the winter. If you list a bunch of problems and complaints, you run the risk of being labeled a problem tenant or constant complainer. Make your problems clear and brief. Request that the problems be abated within x time frame. I’ll leave it at that, although there is more. Good luck. So you are essentially writing a legalish document. So take out opinions like "we've been living at hell house." Be as precise as you can be - list approximate dates and times that you were told about them planning to do something and dates and times you told them about a break that didn't get fixed. THEN list your proposed remedy. THEN talk about your threat should you not be released from the lease and get your security deposit in the amount of $2450 on Feb 28th when you vacate. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.