 Im not allowed to apply for a public defender because of the type of case. I cant afford a lawyer so i have to defend myself. The problem here is obviously im defending myself (foolish move, i know but its my only option it seems) and i have a massive fear of public speaking. I do not trust myself to effectively prove my innocence. What are my options? Thanks this was very helpful! Im dealing with theft charges and because i was seen around the time it happened the witness assumed i did it and therefore when i was stopped by police later that night i matched a description. So it might be different for me than it was for you, but anyways thanks again for the advice. This subreddit needs more folks like yourself. IANAL. In CA so your courts may be different. Lastly, I am a horrid typist... Is this is civil case? It sounds like it is. I had to get a restraining order against someone in civil court. I can barely speak in meetings at work and I lived to tell. I prepared everything in advance. Do this including a written statement of exactly what you want to say. I said point blank to the judge that I was very nervous and was going to read my statement. It helped that the only person in my field of view was the judge. I spent a lot of time reading my statement out loud in the comfort of my own home. One, to get used to hearing my voice (weird I know) and two, because writing for someone to read something is different than writing for someone to listen. You should have received a copy of the complaint. And you should be allowed to file a response (contact the courthouse if you are unsure). Address, line by line, what has been brought up in the complaint. Bring 3 copies of whatever documentation you have (one of you, one for the court and one for the opposing party). Title your documents and note the title in your written narrative at the end of the statement that references it. You will be surprised that once you get started, the less fearful you will be. If you are questioned, remember, you aren't being timed. No need to rush an answer. Rest a beat before replying to anything. Answer only the question asked with as few words as possible. "Yes" and "No" are complete sentences. So is "I don't recall". "To the best of my recollection..." is important. People who say things that are incorrect aren't always lying. Memory is can be unreliable. If it is civil, the judge should have read the complaint and your response (if you file one) before the hearing starts. The other side will be asked if they have anything else to say. They may if you filed a response. Then you will respond to what they said. It may go back and forth like that for a bit. Wait for the judge to give you instruction. Don't interrupt anyone. Have all your docs organized and presented nicely. Get a notebook or folder. Don't walk in with folded pieces of paper (it seems silly but you will feel more confident and it will leave a better impression with the judge - for better or worse we all make calculations about people based on seemingly irrelevant things without meaning to). Dress appropriately. You don't have to wear a suit but wear what you'd wear to a nice dinner with your grandma. Be neat, clean, groomed. I saw people in court in shorts an flip flops and thought it was disrespectful. I have found that the people at the courthouse are helpful if you are polite and clear with your questions. Seriously - you can do this! Well if you didnt want to help me out, maybe dont comment. Not like i was being rude in my post. You could have be polite, perhaps pointing me towards a subreddit that this question would have been appropriate for. I see you edited your comment leaving out the "...or any question" so obviously you can see how you were being rude. Next time im sure someone would prefer you dont contribute to their post if you arent going to help, maybe let the mods handle it. Sorry. Will do! In the future, if you think a post is violating the rules of the subreddit, please do not comment. Please use the report function to let the mods know. I meant you posted this less than 10 minutes ago. I have no idea about any other posts. Thats what i thought. I appreciate you for not being judgemental about my post. Yeh i posted again because i had another question. Your option is to hire a lawyer if you're unable to do it. That's it. You have a fear of public speaking; that is not a legal question. You posted less than 10 minutes ago. The mods may or may not remove this when they see it. It involves the court system i assumed that this would fall under legal advice. My questions is clearly at the end of the post. Im just asking if theres any options for this type of situation, i assume someone here has had a similar situation. No need to come here and tell me this isnt legal advice because the mods would have removed the post if it was not. This isn’t a legal question... or any question🙄