  This valet company I use to work at has a reputation for treating its employees horribly. But I decided to sign up to work for the saturday and sunday. Worked from 4:30am to 5:30pm, with no given lunch break. He barely had enough water to give to al 25 employee working that day in the 90 degree weather. Half of us were dehydrated because he didn't give us water and weren't allowed to leave for food. My friend and I decided to not work for sunday because of the conditions. We told him beforehand but he insisted that we have to work. He told me that he lost money because of the two of us not working. Half the employees called off next day as well. He called and told me that I wasn't allowed to do that and I must work the day I signed up for. So he will be taking money out of my saturday work hours to compensate for the sunday that I did not attend. Is he legally allowed to take out of my paycheck from the saturday because of not working sunday? Definitely go to the Department of Labor. His contract with a client isn't yours, nor does that contract invalidate labor laws. Update: Employer didn't pay me, in fact "I owe him 250" for not showing up to my assigned event. We told him that we weren't going to work the next day and he insisted that we were. He said that his employer deducted money out of his paycheck for us not being there so he's going to deduct from us. 13 other people did not show up for their sunday shift including my friend and I. He said that he'll sue us for $250 because that was the amount he lost per worker for not showing up to his event. Reply Update: Employer didnt even pay me. He even said that I owe him 250 for not showing up to my assigned event. we told him that we weren't going to be there and he insisted that we were. He said that his employer deducted money out of his paycheck for us not being there so he's going to deduct from us. Thanks, I'll keep OSHA and Labor of Department in mind if he does deduct money You can tip off OSHA for not having available water; drinkable water - and reasonable breaks for drinking water - must be provided on site. You gave him notice you wouldn't be able to work. He should have found replacements. He can't sue you for money he lost because he didn't allow you to eat or have enough water. I would include that fact when you file a complaint. There are most probably laws regarding meal breaks, which he is probably violating. He is threatening you because he knows if you do file a complaint, he is toast. Yeah, he said he'll sue us for the money lost for not showing up even though we said we will show up the days prior working. So is he just threatening us? Do not tell him about filing a complaint. He can't sue you for lost wages. He's the boss and he is responsible for paying proper wages. Should I tell him beforehand? You have to be paid for the hours you worked. If you didn't work Sunday, he can't deduct it from Satuday's hours. He just doesn't have to pay you for Sunday. If he does deduct money, file a complaint with the Labor Department (state or federal). Needless to say, you should look for a new job because he will probably fire you if you do, and, even if he didn't, you want to work for someone honest.