 He ended up with a brain bleed and several aneurysms. He struggles to walk now and remains bedridden; would he have any legal case against the department? I am definitely not one who believes in ridiculous lawsuits, but I feel like this was just negligence on the part of the police. Please note he was completely sober when the incident occurred. My heart aches for him; he is at home while he waits for his surgeries and takes care of himself. His dad is supposed to be “helping” him but seems to do the very minimum. He cannot afford extra help, and sometimes has to drag himself across the floor to use the bathroom since he cannot walk. He has to Uber Eats himself food or take an Uber to Walmart for his meals.  Same for us. Except at the other place I work...which gets a PD response first then a engine/medic depending on what dispatch gets for info or what PD sees. I know that, I was arguing the point that the OP said. Which was that all places with 10-50s get a dual response. I've been a paramedic for 20 years, I've worked in 18 different agencys as well as the largest agency in the US. Each places did it different.  Perhaps part of the suit will be demanding a change in policy to a dual response instead of just Police. OP I'm going to focus on the important parts of this comment: Paramedic doesn't know prime lawsuit material, because he is not a lawyer. He doesn't know what jurisdiction you're in, which means he doesn't know what rules actually apply in this situation. You need an actual lawyer. Not someone who plays one on the internet. Listening to us tell you what you want to hear might be emotionally gratifying, but in terms of actual legal advice it is as useless as your facebook feed. King soopers and probably other grocery stores have a delivery service. Just a heads up Very informative post, thanks for sharing and I hope OP sees it.  Where I am, it's impossible to know if it's property damage only until medics have a look. Every car accident on streets with limits over 50km/h gets a triple response from police, fire, and EMS. This isn't universal. Some calltypes in some places (NYC for example) automatically get a dual response. Id put money on that being rather unlikely. Generally police will bring people that have been in an MVA and are under arrest into the ER for medical clearance. Shit, they bring people with scratches in for medical clearance because of the risk of a lawsuit. I’ve worked in almost every aspect of EMS for 20 years and I’m currently an ER nurse. I’ve worked rural, city, wilderness and flight EMS. If 911 is called to an accident, EMS and fire is notified FIRST and evaluate the accident and occupant for injuries. I have never once heard of police being dispatched to the scene of an MVA without an EMS and fire crew. The only situation I can think of this happening would be if the officer was on patrol, driving by and saw the accident occur. Even then, most police protocols would mandate an EMS eval simply for the sake of liability, I.e. this exact situation. I’ve worked side by side with police in 10 states. From an EMS perspective, police very rarely assume guilt and throw someone in jail. They have protocol and liability to worry about too.  What if he had a spinal injury? It seems reckless to not have an EMT clear him.  Read above  I didn't mean to imply that you were minimizing anything. I just wanted to add information. Acute blood pressure control and aneurysm coiling are both really important. There are official standards of care, so it is easy to prove he didn't get the care he needed. I don't know what the legal implications of that are. IANAL or whatever the acronym is.  police (like the mods who run this sub, who are ALSO police) dropped the ball. talk to a lawyer asap.  It absolutely matters. I don’t want my comment to come off as minimizing the negligence that occurred here. But if it was an ischemic stroke, it will be easy to prove that negligence caused the injury. If hemorrhagic, a bit more difficult.  Sure, but it’s not a matter of giving a medication in a three hour window. If this was an ischemic stroke then the guy was 100% crippled from the lack of action. If not, it will be harder to prove. OP said a “brain bleed” so it’s probably hemorrhagic - although it’s hard to tell without seeing a medical record. I hope OP talks to a lawyer who asks for the medical records etc - it’s the only way to move forward. And it sounds like the police messed up regardless.  HR BP and PERLA are going to be fine early on in a brain bleed unless it was a massive one. Immediately you'd see a small drop in BP as the pressure rises, but that evens out due to shock. I've seen bleeds that never even looked like bleeds, even huge ones. I've seen small ones kill a person within 30 minutes and big ones rage on for hours with no problem. The brain is fucking weird. No, two different calls. 10-50PD(property damage) and 10-50PI(personal injury) PD gets a police response only, PI is when the office gets there and deems in nessicary or the person request an ambulance.  Totally. Head injuries can present exactly like intoxication. So if his uncle reeked of booze, and was acting like he was drunk, it isn't a clear cut case of negligence. I think all the original commenter was saying is that if alcohol wasn't a factor, it's a slam-dunk case. If he was driving drunk, and had a simultaneous stroke, it's going to be a whole lot harder to pin the blame on the first responders.  Hemorrhagic strokes are time-sensitive too though. Controlling the bleeding and reducing increased intracranial pressure (that may be caused by the bleeding) must be done as early as possible. The longer you wait, the more chance the poor guy has of potentially-life-threatening complications such as brain herniation (something you wouldn't wish upon your worst enemy). Uhhhh but it sounds like the uncle is being neglected. What did the attorney say when you talked to him? As a nursing student, it takes a while for any cognitive effects to manifest, and even then you really need a CT scan to confirm. There are things to assess like temperature, HR, BP and PERLA but there is still no surefire set of symptoms for each case. Depends on how bad the crash is but it’s definitely not automatic. Or the cops could have called them to cancel it if they assumed he was drunk (I’m a 911 dispatcher)  Also how many times have you reported to aps or cps? How many times did you follow up and for how many days? I have made dozens and followed up for day with nothing happening. If you don’t know what the options or what to ask for a state agency will do nothing. There are so many cases of severe abuse, neglect or finance crime that they will only get involved in the most severe. People think there is a safety net but there not. Especially with the older generation.  That’s wild to me because if I witness a car crash, I’d whip out my phone to call 911, but I’d be calling for EMS, not cops. I’d assume they’d show up anyway but I would think it’d be EMS that is the default deployment No but as a social worker I’m going to say they are not going to do anything. I was giving op the resources on how to help his father. This is such a sad situation.  You seriously don't think the OP's entire second paragraph described neglect? It's not like APS is going to say "Yup. This situation is neglectful. We best be on our way now, have a fine evening!". They're going to help figure out what resources which resources would be helpful and how to access them. Is it a perfect system? Oh hell no. But it IS way better than literally dragging yourself across the floor in order to use the washroom. Cascgut  + impact of the car (government is not responsible for) vs. the injuries sustained by the breach of care by the government Just some insight on the injuries: This is actually not difficult to distinguish. Based on a CT scan (which he had to determine he had brain bleeding),you are able to tell a hemorrhagic stroke versus a traumatic head bleed (this is based on location and other characteristics of the head bleed and area) which could actually help OP's uncle if he in fact did have a hemorrhagic stroke before crashing. Now, regardless of the cause of bleeding, OP's uncle may have needed emergent care due to the bleeding which could have caused permanent brain damage (also could easily be determined by a neurologist/ neuro surgeon) as all strokes are time sensitive. For example, bleeding in the brain causes swelling and your brain only has so much room to swell before it is pressing against your skull which can be lethal or lead to permanent damage if not treated medically or surgically (again clearly evident on a CT scan/ MRI). Also, OP doesn't have the whole story, you don't end up with "several aneurysms" after a bleed or head injury, etc. Ruptured aneurysms can lead to hemorrhagic strokes and this is an extreme medical emergency where you're going to be admitted to an ICU for at least a week minimum in most cases. It does sound like the police/ ems neglected to care for OP's uncle and it shouldn't be hard to prove a delay in care lead to worsened outcome. Source: ICU RN who has worked in multiple neuro ICUs Yeah it’s definitely not standard for every accident. If the uncle didn’t request it then it would be on the police rod determine if he needed it  Raging condescension and sarcasm doesn't fix the fact that you got the facts wrong and asked about a totally different situation. But hey, who am I to stand in the way of someone making a medical ass of himself. What a wild story. I hope OP's uncle gets some justice. Hi thanks for your reply. I am aware of what aneurysms are and what causes them/what occurs when they rupture. As far as I am aware, it was not a hemorrhagic stroke that caused the crash. The doctors have since said he has had multiple strokes in the past without seeing a doctor; the fact he has other aneurysms is simply a side note. Quite frankly I was simply writing what I was being told by my aunt who was probably just listing things from the top of her head. I apologize if you had the misconception that the accident CAUSED the aneurysms, but I came on this forum to ask legal advice. Again, I’m sorry you were so distraught by this detail. Unfortunately I was only made aware of the situation last night; my uncle was estranged from our family and I can only receive information form those who are not trained in biology/medicine or any kind. I am not aware of his circumstances in terms of Medicare/Medicaid: if you think it doesn’t bother me that he isn’t being cared for, then you are entirely incorrect. My grandfather was supposedly taking care of him, but we heard otherwise just last night. My mother is going to take care of him. Additionally, “my” lawyers are not involved. I was inquiring mostly on whether or not he would have a case. I do not have to deal with frivolous lawsuits on a regular basis, hence the reason I came to this forum to ask for legal advice. If I was confused on the purpose of this, I apologize. Best regards. Seems standard where I am to have an EMT check out crash victims even when they were 100% at fault drunks. Immunity was my q, but this isn’t at all my area. Would it protect even gross neg? Because a brain bleed is easy to miss, even when you do your due diligence.  How did they not do anything wrong? Either way he did not receive appropriate medical care. You do not put a drunk driver with a head injury in a cell without observation, they need to be in a hospital. He could also have been drunk and had a stroke. It would not in any way excuse the situation if they breathalyzed him and he was in fact. Someone being drunk isn't grounds to assume they're not ill or injured and forcibly keep them from medical care, which is what the police did according to OP we can speculate all kinds of things but I don't see any scenario that doesn't include a breach of duty of care and damages in a scenario where a person is left in a cell unable to get medical care after a car accident and is now disabled as a consequence.  But time for operating on ruptured aneurysms does matter. So his care was delayed for a different reason and thus he still might have a case. (Multiple sneurysms are not caused by acute head trauma.) That's definitely not the case in every, or even most jurisdictions.. I'd put money on PD just showed up, assumed he was drunk, and hauled him off. I’m assuming they were there, it’s standard for them to be dispatched automatically to car accidents. If the guy was stroking out enough to cause him to crash his car, it would be obvious on assessment.  Why would EMS be torn apart? Seems they were never even called ... You misinterpreted my post. Of course people in serious car accidents require medical assessment. OP is saying that his uncle had the stroke first, causing the crash. What I was saying to OP is to be aware of the possibility that his uncle lied, was actually drunk causing the crash, but happened to sustain a head injury that progressed to a bleed. If the stroke came first, absolutely this is a slam dunk case. If it’s the latter scenario, the officers and medics may not have done anything wrong. It’s entirely dependent on the assessment findings and other things we don’t have access to. This is why his uncle should hire a lawyer. Are drunk people legally not entitled to necessary medical care in your opinion? Whether he drank or not doesn't change anything, anyone who has been in a car crash needs to be checked by medical professionals immediately not thrown in jail without medical care. Head trauma is very common and not always visible. Denying emergency medical care after a car accident is gross negligence. That is for ischemic strokes. TPA is not helpful for people with hemorrhagic strokes and in fact would kill someone having one.  A lack of appropriate care to the extent described by OP is most definitely neglect. This is exactly what APS is for.  Saying we can’t adequately determine if there is liability with any sort of confidence equals a slam dunk case now? Yeah that’s not what I said either... Also a practicing PI attorney FWIW Your best option right now is to contact lawyers in your state and see if anyone will take the case.  1) that’s not what I said. Liability IS a problem here. Damages are not. W/o liability, damages are irrelevant. 2) in the state where I practice, a MSJ was granted under the same fact pattern affirmed on appeal. Gov tort immunity is a big hurdle in this one. I’m not being shortsighted, but there are a whooole bunch of non-lawyers here incorrectly thinking this is a slam dunk case.  APS will not help. That’s for abuse and neglect. They need to talk to Medicare or his health insurance for state planned personal care to get a care giver in or rehab facilitate.  Depending on location - they probably wouldn’t. I’m a plaintiff’s attorney who routinely pursues gov entities. Depending on the gov tort immunities if the given jurisdiction, liability in this case may be non-existent. A case with similar facts in IL (where I practice) lost on a motion for summary judgment affirmed on appeal.  Saying there’s no liability with any sort of confidence based on this limited fact pattern is pretty short sighted Damages are irrelevant if there is no liability. That’s the problem here You should figure out why a solid concrete pole wasn't being protected with some sorta road side safety hardware. That is a prime law suit also. It is the municipalities or the DOTs job to product that sort of stuff. If it was truly not adequately protected you have a pretty solid case.  Does he have insurance? Check and see if they will cover home health. If they, don't call APS and have them check on him. The delay definitely could have caused harm. There is a very specific window of time after a stroke when you can administer a certain medication that can treat or at least mitigate some of the damage from the stroke. So if he didn’t get access to this treatment during this time, those are very specific damages that directly came about because of this inaction. He conceivably could have come out of this stroke with minimal damage depending on his specific case, and now he has lifelong damage.  . Trickier one. The police do find a lot of drunk people and most haven't had strokes. So very fact specific, mainly did they follow their own procedures for checking the health of arrested people. EMT here. Oh wow, suddenly I wish I was OP's lawyer. I can't tell you how many times I get called out at 3am to go check the health of someone the cops pulled over. It's such a normal thing -- they don't want something like this happening, so in my town at least, they're very proactive. There's a pretty big difference between how a stroke presents and how someone who's drunk presents. While it's not inconceivable that a stroke looked like DWI, there are usually enough differences to tell them apart. Any field sobriety test should have laid out a decent index of suspicion that it was a stroke, not a DWI. OP, get a lawyer involved.  I'm not a doctor, but it may be hard to distinguish between the injuries sustained by the stroke + impact of the car (government is not responsible for) vs. the injuries sustained by the breach of care by the government. I still would see a PI attorney because of the extent of damages, but I think that's a major hurtle in this case. Right, but if those damages are 100% permanent impairment for the rest of his life, he’s looking at a lay down claim for the cap I was thinking of that, too! Crazy that this could happen more than once.  My issue is that he can only sue for the damages caused by taking him to the jail instead of the hospital. He has to have a doctor testify that had he been taken immediately to the hospital, he would not have sustained X injuries. Assumed he was drunk? No breathalyser... I'd be getting in touch with a lawyer sharpish.  Most personal injury lawyers litigate against states/cities/municipalities, that usually isn't a big impediment. There are some GIA notices that have to go out and act like additional statute of limitations, but it's not like it's a separate practice area. The bigger obstacle here IMO is dealing with police as potential defendants outside of the police brutality context. Juries can be overly deferential to police in these types of cases. Best of luck with his continued recovery. Formerly worked ER and before drawing blood on patient brought in by PD I asked about why/how he was there. Him and his wife were thrown from his motorcycle, possibly going 35+45mph. Trauma alert. I believe he made it but wife didn't. He was intoxicated but the blood draw was the last thing done - he had a splenic injury and other issues that we transferred him to treat. I explained to PD (she was rather new and a friend of mine- and was simply doing as she was told when she picked him up from scene, she had no clue about his injuries being severe, supposedly EMS had cleared him) that although the law needed to be enforced, patient safety is priority and anytime they bring in a patient within certain parameters we initialize certain procedures- showed her the paperwork regarding it and she was grateful, took a photo and made some notes, anytime she brought in a patient within those guidelines she immediately told us instead of pursuing a blood draw first.  #1 is not accurate. Police don’t owe a duty to anyone, and they are protected by sovereign immunity.  Yeah I was thinking he was in an accident and if hes drunk I would say hes not in sound mind enough to refuse going to the hospital. Why would you not involve EMS.  That is a good idea and is recommended. Any lawyer would die to take this case. You're in the right. File a lawsuit immediately.  I just read an article on this happening to a woman! I would say seek legal advice ASAP!!! This would be a contingent matter where the attorney doesn’t get paid unless your uncle gets paid so he wouldn’t have to worry about affording one. Woman’s case:  Could OP call APS? Would they be able to figure out a treatment plan for OP's uncle that he could afford?  my 2 cents is that, if cops can shoot innocent people without much or sometimes any accountability and get paid time off for it, then either lose their job at worse but often keep it... my assumption would be this is going to be difficult to do much about, i suspect the cops will not be held accountable for their mistakes, at best you may find tax payers are punished for it... as the police are protected by the state from their mistakes and use of aggressive violence and fraud, unlike the average citizen. Welcome to American where every state, city, and county has their won jurisdictions and systems that follow their own guidelines. In Arvada Colorado the cops are the internal affairs is the mob. So if you have A problem with the mob. You go to the cops. It’s the same family.... can’t do anything. Jurisdictions.  Is he on Medicaid? If so, Medicaid will pick up some of the costs of having a nurse come in and stay a bit with him, help him with meals, grooming, and going to the bathroom. If he's on with one of the big insurers, it's a toss-up as to whether or not they'll pay for a nurse, but you can ask. Why doesn't he have a wheelchair? It seems like the doc should have prescribed him one when he was discharged from the hospital. You can check around at local thrift stores as they frequently have wheelchairs, walkers, bedside commodes for just a few dollars. Thrift shops that are run by medical agencies tend to have more medical equipment, like a hospice thrift store, or a thrift store that helps cancer patients, things like that. I would call Adult Protective Services and see if they can help with care services for him.  There are lots of things wrong with your post. Aneurysms are usually not consequences of accidents. They are usually pre-existing in the brain or cure and older people after years of the blood vessels being subjected to high pressures. It is possible one ruptured while he was driving, causing the crash. It is possible he had a existing one, crashed, and it ruptured. What concerns me more is that your uncle appears to be receiving inappropriate care. He's being neglected. He should not have to drag himself across the floor. He needs either home health or he needs to be in a rehab facility. If he is truly a disabled, on the lawyers you should hire is one who specializes in disability.  My first thought working EMS is in what scenario is EMS not initially included on this response to begin with? The fact that he had several aneurisms makes me wonder if the brain bleeds were more related to the trauma, but either way law enforcement should have had him checked out, especially if there was any level of impairment. Unless it's a simple fender bender where someone is reporting the damages alone, EMS around here responds to almost all MVCs, even ones where a drunk decided to pull off into a ditch and sleep for the night. I'd say OP has a good case solely based on the fact that they failed to have him checked out initially whether or not he was drinking/the brain bleed was pre existing or not. Hey buddy, were you drinking when you wrote this comment ? Three things you need for a succesful suit: 1. A duty of care. Eady one this, the police owe a dutu of care to folk they arrest 2. An error. Trickier one. The police do find a lot of drunk people and most haven't had strokes. So very fact specific, mainly did they follow their own procedures for checking the health of arrested people. 3. Harm. Ie did the delay cuase the harm, ir was it the original stroke and the accident. Again, very fact specific  Not a lawyer, but a paramedic. If your uncle wasn’t drinking, absolutely this is prime lawsuit material. Your uncle should have been seen by EMS, who should have been able to recognize the signs of a stroke. A lawyer should review EMS’s patient care report, and see what the officer did to determine her was intoxicated (breathalyzer? Roadside sobriety test?). A good lawyer would be able to tear apart EMS and the arresting officer. However, please keep in mind: Maybe your uncle was drinking that night, and sustained a head injury in the crash. Head injuries can cause brain bleeds, with a delay in presentation of symptoms from minutes to even weeks later. This is even more likely if your uncle is older, and an alcoholic. But like I said: if your uncle was sober this is a great case to pursue. I would definitely talk to a lawyer about this case. There is definitely something here but when it comes to suing law enforcement... don't get your hopes up. It may be worth speaking to a few attorneys about this. You'll need an attorney who practices civil litigation against municipalities. I wouldn't get my hopes up over this.