 I signed up for a free trial via Paypal for some info products that I never used or downloaded. The seller's ad copy led me to believe I could cancel and refund at any time. (The language did not state before the trial ended) Try 'AmXXX AfXXX Info Members', with completed and total access, for 7 days, for just $.99 (then after your trial it will be $99.99 p/m recurring payment, unless cancelled) And keep in mind, you can simply cancel and refund at ANY TIME with one click. No questions asked (really, we stand by this fact, it really is 1 click easy). I signed up and never logged in or used it. Since it appeared that I could cancel and refund at any time, I wasn't worried about be saddled with the charge if I never used it. They billed me on Paypal. I immediately cancelled and started process of asking for refund on Paypal. Before filing a dispute, I saw the seller had note posted on Paypal dispute page. It asked for users to contact them first. "Wait a MINUTE.... In case of any misunderstanding, your disputing digital product purchase made from XXXXX.XXX But we ask that prior to starting a dispute, please know we have a 100% NO QUESTIONS ASKED REFUND POLICY. We will happily refund your money without any problem Did you know you're only supposed to file a dispute if you've tried to contact the seller first and they aren't willing to refund? If you havent contacted our company yet, email us FIRST and we'll get you taken care of. We respond promptly and have a 100% guarantee. We have never denied a legitimate refund request. A refund will be wayyyy FASTER than a dispute. Contact us now at xxxxx@xxxxx and let's take care of this, alright?" I sent an email and explained things. In return I received a very nasty and rude email. Most unprofessional. Tried to claim that digital products aren't digital products because this was a membership. I replied that Paypal treats digital goods memberships as digital goods. Anyway, is this seller somehow in the right? Am I missing something here? TL:DR Seller of digital goods claims their offer of cancel and refund anytime doesn't cover my purchase. How can they legally claim that?  I did a handful of "money making" internet marketing back in the day. Without seeing his landing page and ad copy, it's hard to say if he deceived you. Based on your post his tactics were questionable. Generally speaking, digital goods and membership services don't have refund policies. If they did, many would just order the service, save the digital goods and get a refund. You can file a dispute with PayPal and see how they rule. That's all you can do. 