 I never needed to apply for financial aid when I went to college and got my master's because my parents were thankfully very well off and could afford my education. Because I never needed FAFSA I never encountered the selective service system. I'm 28 now, I've applied to a PhD program and now I'm worried that this will get in the way of my admission. I want to make this right, but I dont know how. I dont know how I could prove that I didnt know about this requirement other than to say my parents were immigrants and they barely knew any of these requirements either. Any help would be appreciated. I really dont want to be labelled a draft dodger. I also like not being in prison. Hello, I know that this is much later than your written answer, but I'm hoping you can answer this. Currently at the phase where the office is asking for a third-party attesting to the letter that I had written regarding that my failure to sign up was not willing or knowledgeable. What did your mom say about it? I mean, my parents were very passe about my life after high school, so they really didn't take great pains to make sure that I did anything at all. I'm going to have to ask my mom to write this letter, but I don't want her to have to admit that she was negligent about my future. Also, my mom lives across the country so I'm really hoping that they don't require her to be there in person... Thanks for your help. Hello, I saw you in a threat about Selective Service, I'm currently in a similar position. Extremely frustrated and wondering If I should send the status letter request. Do you mind if I ask you some questions?  's not an immediate disqualification from government things if you can prove you did not do it on purpose, And really, one key thing to remember with the government is that virtually anything is waiverable.  Yeah, if this isnt a practice there, I could use that information to argue my case to a financial aid officer. Thanks so much for this response :) A similar situation happened to me. I was out of high school at 17. I remember getting the notice in the mail around when I turned 18 and everyone I know would swear I sent it back and I thought that was that (note that was also in the 90s before you could do it online). I went to community college that was fully paid for, so I never applied for financial aid. Many years later when I went back to school to help my career I applied for financial aid and I was told I was not registered, and that I was too old to register. It took a lot of time and effort but eventually I was able to get financial aid. It took both me and my mother writing affidavits that my failure to register was not knowing and willful and having a meeting with the school who questioned us about it but then cleared me for financial aid. It's an incredibly frustrating experience. It's not an immediate disqualification from government things if you can prove you did not do it on purpose, but it makes every process 10x harder. I really wish I had found out before it was too late to register so I could have just done it. My cousin went through the exact same process and he got denied and has to wait till next year to reapply. I guess it depends on where you’re going. Yeah public high school. Advocacy was I guess what you would call a “home room” class. Usually associated with whatever academy you were enrolled in (I was in Business Academy), or just assigned by groups from your class. About 25-30 students in each group would meet I believe once a week if I remember correctly (unless you were in an academy then your electives had the same peers to meet the requirements, or you were planning certain outreaches like blood drives and stuff). Just a way to keep on top of things such as grades, extra time to do homework, or staying on track for school requirements or things such as this. Basically a resource class that didn’t change your entire high school career. I really don’t think you’ll have any issues getting your PhD unless it deals with some type of government funding to get you in. Beyond that I can’t think of many places that even look into that, unless down the road you switched gears into politics lol and even then I’m sure it’s wouldn’t come up. My first idea was if it isn’t showing online, to reach out to your private school and perhaps just ask if they have students register during senior year. Even a teacher that’s been there forever would be able to tell you.  I entered my peraonal info into the SSS website search box, but all I got was a message telling me I wasnt in the system. I've heard the online search can give errors though. What do you mean by advocacy? Was this in high school? ..I went to a private school so maybe thats also the problem... I live in Sacramento, and just a year younger. Maybe I missed it, but did you see online if you’re registered and it said you weren’t? I know that our district handed out forms to students for this separate from anything dealing with FASFA. I remember in advocacy one day we we did voter registration and the males who were of age (a month before turning 18 or within 30 days after) filled theirs out, or waited and held onto the papers and got help turning it in once they were eligible. Maybe you did and just forgot? I don’t believe this will impact any schooling beyond obtaining government funded grants. That will possibly be changed soon. They tried once back in the 90s and decided it wouldn't work because females were not allowed in all military roles. Now that has changed the other needs to change. Good point...maybe the ACLU will take my case! It looks like those grant programs are only for aid to assist with tuition...I think I'm good there...i can always use my personal savings Unless you're female\ The U.S. law discriminates and only penalizes males if they don't register. I live in California, one of the few states that does not automatically register you when you get your license [Here]()  Did you ever have a license or ID card? Many states automatically register you (unless you opt out). Could you tell me your source for that info? Just wanna take a look myself Well fucking shit then....what's the fucking point then? You’re barred from federal grant programs  Depends on where the funding is coming from Thank you for the reply. Would you happen to know if I'd be barred from research grants also? Thank you. I hope that's enough to cover it. My dad didnt know about it because he was also born in 1958, exempting him from the requirement. It’s too late to do so. They don’t accept after 26. You’re ineligible for federal student loans, federal jobs or clearance as a contractor, and US citizenship if you an immigrant. Don’t worry about jail time, won’t happen  Read here. Looks like you can explain to anyone that asks what happened. From the link: A non-registrant may not be denied any benefit if he can "show by a preponderance of evidence" that his failure to register was not knowing and willful. Offer as much evidence supporting your case, and as much detail, as possible. I think you can only register until you’re 25. Congrats, you dodged it lol. But yeah, you’re too old now for the SSS, but the site says if you can provide evidence you didn’t purposefully evade your duty you may be eligible for a waiver. This is their phone number: 1-847-688-6888. I would talk to them and mention the immigrant thing. 