 My family member was accused of stealing money at her job (a large retailer) about 4 days ago. They said they have surveillance video of her taking money multiple times. She was fired on the spot but they did not attempt to have her arrested. Today she received a voicemail from a police officer asking her to contact them. We do not have sufficient funds for a defense lawyer at this point. What is the best course of option? Will she be placed under arrest if she contacts the police? I should note that we have young children and are trying to avoid them seeing a cop come to the house and place her under arrest. They might come to her house, yes. If you go to the station and talk she will almost certainly be arrested. If she does not call them back will they come to the house? We are debating if its better to call and schedule a time to go to the police station. It is on film and the goal is to not get arrested in front of her children at home when she is not expecting it. It's suggested she doesn't call them back. If she's stressed, she shouldn't speak and request an attorney. They are calling her because they want her to confess. They are pros at this. Your sister should not talk to them under any circumstances. She can't afford a lawyer. So all she needs to do is tell the cops that she is asserting her 5th amendment rights and they can't question her. She is being sought out for questioning and needs a lawyer at her side when she goes in to speak to them. If the police show up you want to put this on repeat: I am asserting my 5th amendment right to remain silent. I will not answer any questions without my attorney. I do not consent to any searches. I want my attorney. If they don’t immediately stop asking questions/taking to you then you keep saying that no matter how much they say it’s just a minor issue, they just need to clear the matter up, they don’t think you did anything wrong, it will be easier if you cooperate, or anything else. If she cannot afford an attorney she should simply refuse to talk to the police at all, though she should still use the above language. You cannot talk yourself out of being arrested, if the cops have enough to arrest you they will just do so, however you can talk yourself into it. When you are a suspect nothing good can come of taking to the police.