 tl;dr - had family photos taken by professional over two months ago, paid in full at that time and was told delivery of photos in one week. To date, have received zero photos - perhaps understandable given holidays, etc - but the photographer has not replied to a single text, email, phone call, Facebook, etc. and I can clearly see her communicate with other people online on her professional social media accounts. Business is a LLC - is there any sort of online directory to look up registered address? Something, anything to send a registered letter? Is this fraud or theft? I am not a Maine citizen. Hello... I am a non-resident of the state of Maine, but vacationed there last year with my family. Ahead of our arrival, my husband arranged a photoshoot for our family with a local photographer. Communication went fine during the setup, we paid a 25% deposit before our trip and then paid the balance in the form of a check which we gave to the photographer at the conclusion of the photoshoot. We were told, verbally, at that time, to expect our pictures in about a week. We waited about 2 weeks before we reached out to check on things... at first just to see how things were going. It was the end of the year, things are busy during the holidays... I understand that - I just wanted to check the pulse, you know? Maybe something was even wrong... I might not have even thought anything untoward at that point, save for the fact that the photographer herself had told us 1 week. However, two months have now gone by with absolute no communication from the photographer. Multiple e-mails, text messages, phone calls (cell phone and office phone) and other forms of communication have gone unanswered. At first, there was no sign of activity online on any of her professional social media accounts - the only thing ever updated was client galleries on her website, which require a password to access. My family's gallery was added over a month ago, but we have not been provided the password to access it. She began posting on Facebook and Instagram a few days ago to advertise up coming photoshoot blocks - this is the first social media activity in months. I posted public comments on her Facebook account to inquire as to the status of our photos. No response, despite the fact she replied to other people's comments posted after mine. I can only include that we are - for one reason or another - being quite obviously and deliberately ignored. The fact that she has full receipt of payment and we have nothing has become an increasing concern of mine - compounded infinitely by that absolute lack of communication. Her most recent reviews on Facebook indicate that other people have had the same exact situation - full payment, months of no contact, and then out of the blue, months later, they get an automated email containing the password with no excuses or apology. I am used to - in my state - being able to visit the secretary of state website and looking up business records to find agents, registered business addresses, etc... I have been unable how to figure out how to do this in Maine. Her business is a LLC. I would send a registered letter at this point demanding receipt of the photos (I have already done this over a month ago via email), but I do not have an address. I have her business address, but she readily states that it is a photo studio that she is only ever at when she has a client scheduled - it isn't a regular hours thing. More than anything, I just simply want the photos. Beyond that however, I want to know can this constitute fraud in Maine? Theft? What are my options to legally compel her to release my photos? 