 Senate bill 1020 was just passed. In the state of Florida, can I legally purchase CBD products online and have them shipped to my home for personal use? Is it legal to ship CBD products under federal law? (The Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 makes me think it is?) I don't want to make this any more complicated than it is. All I want to know is if I am placing myself under ANY sort of legal ambiguity or ANY sort of legal risk by purchasing CBD online to be shipped in FL. Thank you for your attention to detail in this question. Relevant articles perhaps? []() From May: []() Since I’m the only one who answered and you disagree, you’re probably going to have to ask a lawyer to know any better, and I wouldn’t be surprised if the lawyer isn’t sure either — sometimes certainty only comes after years of case law. I have to say this is exactly why I've posted this here - you could draw a completely different conclusion from this exact same article. And it's not a stretch. See this text: Now it is time for lawmakers to craft simple benchmark safety and quality standards for hemp-derived CBD in order to increase consumer satisfaction and confidence as this nascent industry transitions into a legal marketplace. Keywords: transitions into a legal marketplace Further: I was just driving thru texas. I stopped at a gas station that had hundreds of CBD products....CBD OILS ARE NOT FEDERALLY ILLEGAL NOW IN ANY WAY, ARE THEY? AM I INSANE?  .3 percent THC are no longer classified as a schedule I controlled substance ... “Nonetheless, future regulatory efforts will still be required to address emerging consumer issues when it comes to the commercial sale and marketing of certain hemp-derived products, particularly so-called hemp-derived CBD extracts.” AFAICT from this, this means that CBD, marijuana for smoking, or marijuana for edibles, are still illegal federally, whether or not it’s legal in a state. If you have drugs shipped across state lines, you are putting yourself at risk of federal crimes. Other hemp products (such as rope, fabric, paper, animal feed, oil for plastics, etc.) are now legal though.