 When we first moved in everything was going very good. No problems whatsoever. We signed a year lease that gave us JOINT responsibility and after a few months I moved out because I got a job in another area and lived at home, but I kept paying rent/bills/etc. Still, no problems whatsoever. Then a while ago I went back to the apartment to get a few of my things I had left and while I was gone my roommate apparently got two dogs. This is a direct violation of the lease agreement. It clearly states that no dogs are allowed. But that’s not the end. When I went upstairs I noticed several holes knocked in the walls and holes knocked in two separate doors, which will definitely need to be replaced. Aside from all of this the entire apartment smelled strongly of dog pee. I spoke to him about these problems and told him the dogs need to go ASAP and he tried assuring me the dogs are being registered as ESAs even though I’m pretty certain that’s not the case. I tried explaining to him that even though that might save us from eviction, it doesn’t save us from being charged for the damages they cause, which I am jointly responsible for, legally. I also told him he needs to talk to the landlord about the damages he caused because I don’t want to pay hundreds of dollars for damages that I had nothing to do with. He pretty much avoided that completely. I can’t fix the damages myself because working on things/repairing things yourself is also a violation of the lease agreement. I will be needing to move again before long and I can’t have an eviction on my record/being stuck paying for damages even if we were to somehow not get evicted. So any advice on what I should do here? I fully realize that I am jointly responsible for his actions and that’s why this is so frustrating.  Nope there’s no way he’d be able to handle the full amount on his own. I did document the damage he caused in case I do need to go to claims court. And when it comes to repairs you’re probably right. I may try to fix as much of it as I can. I have a lot of experience patching drywall and painting. And the doors would be extremely easy to replace, assuming he’d pay for them. Also it’s probably a good idea to have a company come and clean the carpets AND the hardwood before he moves out. Maybe that would remove most of the scent of dog. Thanks for the advice!   That's definitely the most common response in these situations, unfortunately.  Yep that’s exactly why I was posting here. I can’t exactly go to the landlord, knowing I’m equally responsible, and say “hey we’re violating the lease but...” because the landlord wouldn’t want to deal with it. They’d just tell us both to get out.  I assume your roommate wouldn't agree to fully taking over the lease? Unfortunately it sounds like your only option is to deal with the bill for damages when it comes and then sue your roommate for what he caused. I definitely wouldn't mention anything to your landlord. There is no such thing as an ESA registry. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Heartless? Contracts are a thing. There's nothing heartless about it. What exactly would you do if a tenant came to you with this situation?  As a landlord, I would be more than happy to work with a tenant who came to me, as soon as they were aware and able to - were honest and forthcoming about the situation - and ultimately saved me thousands in damages and lawsuits to collect and time wasted dealing with repairs and legal matters.. But OP is likely to know their landlord better than any of us do - it's only bad advice if OP knows their landlord is heartless.  That's pretty bad advice, in all honesty. The landlord can and will come after OP for the damages. The dispute between roommates is not his problem. If one of them is violating the lease, then both of them are violating the lease. If the landlord evicts, that will cause long lasting problems to OP and make it difficult or impossible to rent any decent place in the future.  There's really not much you can do aside from document the damages caused by your roommate, then pay the bill when the landlord comes after you and sue the roommate. You should go directly to the landlord, tell them everything you wrote above - and ask to buy out the remainder of YOUR 1/2 of the lease and surrender your security deposit as your maximum liability for any damages/charges - as the landlord would acknowledge you no longer live there. Get it in writing or it never happened and doesn't count. Landlord will either ( option a ) accept your offer and 'do the right thing' for you, or ( option b ) landlord will start the eviction process right away given all the issues/damages/pee you mention about the apartment. Best wishes, landlord has no legal obligation to do option a. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.