 My son signed a lease last year - still has about 10 months to go. Always payed on time, kept the place in good shape. To be fair and balanced, some transgressions occurred. Sometimes there were overnite visitors, which was prohibited. The place had issues (leaky roof, foundation issues, etc) , and the landlord was awful. Lots of lies, trying to charge extravagant amounts for repairs, etc etc. After a few weeks of going back and forth, the landlord threatened to punch my son in the face (yes, we have it on video). That was around Dec 29 or so. After that, we decided to get legal advice and get out. On Jan 2, as my son was getting ready to pay Jan rent when we got an "email" telling us to get out by Jan 5th. We got everything moved out, and the place was left in good shape (again, everything videoed and pictured). Today, we got served with eviction notice, and told to show up in court next week. My son wants to counter sue, but in all honesty, paying legal fees, etc seem to make this unfeasible. I would just like to get out without wrecking his credit, and without getting judgement for the rest of the lease. Getting the security deposit back would be nice, but I don't have much hope. So my questions are: 1. Are we screwed? Or does egregious landlord behavior count for anything in these situations. 2. Do we need to show up at this thing with a lawyer? If so, what can we expect legal representation to cost? 3. If so, does anyone have a any recommendation on a good cheap lawyer in the North Dallas area? thx  You complied with the notice to vacate; so long as keys were left /exchanged and property was removed, your son no longer has possession of the premises. Thus making an eviction unnecessary and possibly vindictive. Make sure to bring all the proof your son vacated according to the notice given. It shouldn't be very hard to find a local attorney willing to defend an eviction in court. If the landlord is an LLC, chances are they will have an attorney representing them, and I recommend you do as well. You can contact your State Bar to find a lawyer.  You and your son both need to read it and seek to understand every word of it.   How much are they suing for? What makes you think counter suing would cost much? From what you indicate, unless you're being one-sided and leaving out important details, it sounds like your son actually has a good chance of prevailing in a counter suit. If the landlord told your son to leave while he was paid in full, then it would seem like he broke the lease. I think you're doing both yourself and your son an injustice to not seek a counter-claim. The threats on video are a serious breach of said landlords legal responsibility this evidence is gold my friend thx - i didn't even think of that. We do have a copy of the lease floating around somewhere. You have a direct threat on video, you have email notices of threats to "get out", and now here we are 9 days later and you're finally being served an official eviction notice. Your son should also sit down and write down any other details he can recall, spend the next few days going over events and details, more will come to him when he least expects it. Have him write everything down - 90% of it won't be usable in court, but everything helps. Do you have a copy of the lease? It will say what the penalty is for breaking the lease.. Depending on all the other details we don't know about - that's exactly what you'll be paying to break the lease - or if the details favor your son - maybe you'll be paying a lot less. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.