 From what I have found on the internet is that I can, so long as it does not cause any major disruptions. This is where I get confused. My right to wear a shirt is based on the reactions of other people to that shirt. Would the school be able to stop me from wearing something less controversial, say, a MAGA shirt, if it caused major disruptions due to other students being angered by it?  IANAL. I am a teacher at a high school with extensive experience working with teenagers who think cleverly arguing constitutional rights somehow trumps all school rules. A school is not the adult world. You leave most of your rights at the door, particularly anything that impacts the safety and security of the school. Please also note that your status of adulthood does not exempt you from following school rules while attending school. While the school generally seeks to maintain some consistency with citizen rights, anything remotely having to do with school safety is approached with a zero tolerance policy. I would be very surprised if your school did not address images of weapons in their dress code policy. You can argue it all you wish, they can still tell you no. Unless you can somehow prove they are oppressing a religious belief (such as banning a head covering worn for religious reasons), you will not win this argument. Enjoy your new shirt somewhere that isn’t instigating for arguments’ sake.  Why would you want to even to try to depict diversity with an array of guns? Yes it’s a play on the overall theory of diversity, but it’s a step back. Try to understand the schools view on violence since Columbine, Virginia Tech, and many others. Poor taste at best. Try not to exploit a point, rather respect others views on a sensitive subject where people have died because of guns. Second amendment or not...we are not in the 17/1800’s when guns were needed for hunting and gathering. Grow the fuck up.  Okay what if I wear a 2nd amendment shirt to school? That is also supporting tools of violence, but it is specifically political speech.  The school has to adhere to it's obligations to the constitution as a state actor when considering things like suspension/expulsion. For punishing you for trying to be a shitty edgelord and ignorantly equivocating owning a gun with being a minority? Yeah you could see consequences for that.  You don't have to be held back to be 18 years old and in high school. The majority of seniors turn 18 before they graduate. Anyways, I was asking if I have the right to wear something like that to school, not if my school has a dress code.  I'm a lib and a gun owner and know when not to be a douche...  There are other articles. But remember, the aclu will not take up your case because it involves firearms.  Yes! It will make people uncomfortable. Do you really want to do that? And if so, why? Whether you've been held back a few grades or not, you still go to high school with a dress code  Found the lib I would say the shirt would be not so much encouraging violence but encouraging a tool of violence, I’m not anti-gun but it’s ridiculous to think that firearms are peaceful in any way, this just sounds like an attempt to be edgy that will make a lot of people uncomfortable in your school. Whether or not you can, you’re still a douche. Why is wearing a shirt with a gun encouraging violence? What if it specifically mentioned the second amendment? Why is that, and what if I am 18? Do I have the same rights as the minors in the school so that it's fair? Yeah I'm assuming most schools would consider this to be violence encouraging, which I can't disagree with. that's generally something banned in dress codes  Generally speaking, courts have found people under the age of 18 to have very little free speech rights. 