 Hi, so walked into mattressfirm, picked a mattress I liked, and proceeded to sign up for a year long finance plan to pay for it. The total price is $1433. The mattressfirm employee proceeded to sign me up for the progressive payment plan, and she asked me if she could “sign the agreement” for me. I told her “if everything looks right” that she can sign it. She signed it, and I just got a copy of the agreement. Now Progressive seems to have screwed up calculations, because the agreement says that I’d be “renting” the mattress, and then owning it after a year of payments, but here’s the sketchy part: They’re charging me $100 EVERY TWO WEEKS for a year, on tol of the initial payment I just paid of $64. Now that would equate to almost 2x the original price of the mattress, which seems outright wrong. (I chose to finance the mattress, not treat it like a car lease and then end up paying double the original price) Am I misunderstanding this agreement? Or did Progressive truly screw up? I double checked with the mattressfirm employee who assured me that I wasn’t “renting” the mattress, and that any disputes on the agreement should be addressed to Progressive directly. Here’s an excerpt from the actual agreement that might shed more light on the situation (Which I never signed myself): “2.Payments: As set forth in the Disclosure Table, you must pay us $59.00 (the “Initial Payment”), plus tax of $5.02, totaling $64.02 upon signing this Lease plus additional payments (“Recurring Payments”) if you choose to continue this Lease. The Recurring Payments will commence on the first day you are scheduled to receive pay or benefits that is at least ten days after the date the Property is delivered to you, will be in the amount of $100.00, plus tax of $8.50, totaling $108.50, and are due every two weeks thereafter while this Lease remains in force. The final Recurring Payment will be in the amount of $99.98 , plus applicable tax of $8.50, totaling $108.48. Recurring Payments are made in arrears. The payment amounts may change if the rate of tax changes after the date of this Lease. 3. Cash Price: The Cash Price of the Property, which is the amount we would charge for a cash sale of the Property, is $1,329.49.” How should I go about handling this matter? tl;dr Progressive screwed up financing my mattress and is charging me double the original price over the course of the year, I never signed the agreement, mattressfirm signed it for me, how do I resolve?