 In the title now she is demanding the cash she payed retail for it years ago and threatening small claims curious about how much responsibility is mine. Willing to replace it as it sucks it got ruined but i just want to replace the model. shes kinda psycho too so im getting worried what do I do [removed] Probably not, but it depends on the specifics. Mainly we would look at whether it was reasonable for him to drop off the laptop under the circumstances as he knew them.  He’s not responsible since he dropped it off at her house and sent messages right? I honestly would bet she has the laptop but wants a new one so she’s lying to her money out of him. No one just throws a laptop out lol  You’re not even really liable for it. You took it to where you were supposed to - her house. After you drop it off it is no longer your worry. Let her take you to court, nothing will come of it. Don’t offer her any money.  If she doesn’t want you to replace the laptop I’m having doubts she even lost it. She’s probably being vindictive and trying to get money from you. If she’s not, just let her take you to small claims court. You only owe her what the laptop is worth now, not what it cost brand new.  We could really use more information here. How did the laptop get thrown out? By whom? If you delivered the laptop as requested, put it in a safe place and then someone else threw it away you would not be liable at all. In the future, it would wise to deliver directly to a person and get a receipt to avoid such situations. In any event, the MOST you could owe would be the current market value of the laptop. A laptop several years old would have very little value - they become obsolete very quickly. If you want to get an estimate of its value, you could look up the make and model on Ebay and see what they are selling for. Whether you owe her depends on the specifics. But you would not have to pay replacement value. You would only have to pay what it is worth now. You can figure that amount out by looking online to find out the current value of the same or similar item. If you feel bad and want to pay, why don't you negotiate that amount with her. However, if you took reasonable steps to notify her, it really isn't your fault and you would not be responsible.  If you owe her - it isn’t clear from your story what exactly happened - you owe her fair market value. What she could get for it today. Not what she paid for it. 