 To make a long story short I was checking some bloodwork I had done at the OBGYN. It was just standard stuff but I noticed under the STD section I tested .1% of the syphilis antibiody. I googled it and the only way for that bacteria to show up is if you have or ever had syphilis. I've been thinking and I had an STD screening before me and my husband got married and nothing. The more I thought about it I remembered when I was 16 I went to the doctor and ended up having to get a shot in my butt. She said I had a bacterial infection and was no big deal, but after more googling the penicillin shot they most likely gave me is a treatment for syphilis. I am freaking the fuck out. I know for a FACT I was never told it was an STD. At this point I had just had sex for the first time. Can anyone tell me if this was legal?  It was when I had the "bacterial infection" I had just lost my virginity.  This might be a dumb question but how would you have contracted syphilis if you are just now having sexual relations? I'm not convinced the tests you described actually show a positive syphilis history. Pregnancy or shortly post-partum could make the mild positive. If you don't mind telling, what was the additional negative test? FTA-abs or RPR or VDRL, etc? So I discovered these results through the online patient portal and learned I can see previous test results but they only go back 5 years since that's how long I've been visiting these doctors. They all show the .1 and there was an additional syphilis test done that came back negative. So I've tested barely positive for the antibody for years now BUT 2 out of 3 of the tests I have been pregnant (most recent one included) you are right it is a bacterial infection so I guess technically they didnt lie they just withheld details... it's all just a shock to find out something like this 12 years later.  If all this happened when you were 16, the doctor was not obligated to tell you, just your parents. It would have been a good idea to have that discussion with you though. Technically, syphilis is a bacterial infection. The penicillin injection would have indeed treated the infection. Did the bloodwork have a syphilis titer alone or was there an FTA-abs confirmatory test as well? The syphilis titers can occasionally have a false positive, but the second test would confirm the initial test. If you actually had syphilis, it did get treated. Is there a chance you could go back and ask your mom about it? On a medical note, syphilis screening tests are very prone to false positive - pregnancy, lupus, armadillos, rheumatoid arthritis, leprosy, and drugs can trip the test up. Yes, handling armadillos can lead to a false positive on a syphilis screening test.  Try not to worry. Penicillin is a super common antibiotic, used a lot for ear infections. Talk to your doctor on Monday.  You should probably relax until you speak to an expert.  If that is the case I am amazed my mom didn't kick my ass...... Nothing yet. I haven't been able to bring it up since it's the weekend. I plan on calling Monday.  A one time dose of the long acting intramuscular version of penicillin G can be used for syphilis or for strep throat. It’s a easy way to treat strep throat since it’s a single dose and you’re done.  The doctor likely spoke with your parents instead of you. As long as your state allows parents to make medical decisions for 16 year olds, your doctor didn't do anything wrong.  You're making some pretty big assumptions here. What did your ObGyn say about it?  Syphilis is treatable if I recall. So don't sweat it. And you have every right to get the grim news if you ask, you didn't so they didn't feel the need to given the gravity of the situation.