 I'm probably overreacting and feel really stupid even asking, but I really have no idea what to do. I live in Ohio. I was on my way home tonight and it was really dark with no street lights. I had my headlights on driving down a two lane road. The lane I was in was blocked by a fire truck and there was a police officer dressed in black directing traffic at a "T" intersection. He had a reflective vest on and was using a light up baton. He had traffic stopped in both other directions. He then made eye contact with me and waved at me with the baton while I was stopped while holding up his other hand. He was wearing black gloves and long black sleeves so I couldn't tell what his hand was doing. I assumed since he was looking at me and waving his baton in the right direction, I should go. I thought I heard him say something as I was going but he wasn't yelling and it didn't sound directed at me so I just went on. I don't know if I'm in trouble or not. Is there a way to find out or should I go to the police station and explain? I've never been in trouble with the law so I really have no idea what I should do. Even if you went against his wishes and he was upset- he did t step out in front of you and stop you to issue a warning or violation. I really wouldn’t worry about it. I’ll be honest, there’s been a lot of construction around my neighborhood in the last year. And even during mid day it’s sometimes very difficult to understand what the officer is trying to communicate with their vague arm movements. There was one standing in the shade on a bright day and I had no idea if he was looking at me or the traffic on the other side or if he was waving me on or trying to tell me to stop. In these situations just approach cautiously, and if they’re upset just explain that you misunderstood what they were trying to convey. If you are or doing something the cops are not happy with, it will be readily apparent. Don't worry so much. Definitely don't go to the police station. If you want to annoy a cop, make them do pointless paperwork.  You would have known then and there if you were in trouble for not following his directions. The cop would have stopped you. You are very likely not the only person during that incident that probably didn't understand or follow the cop's directions completely. It happens. It's all good, calm your mind. Traffic duty cops can get pretty frustrated what with the whole "being outside and trying to communicate with people in cars" angle. He was almost certainly saying "come on, go, it's your turn, go around" at you. You'd know if you were in trouble, and (just to put you at ease) it really doesn't sound like anything weird happened. Directing traffic isn't as easy as it looks, and it's understandable if voices get raised just from the general atmos of the circumstance.  I don’t think if he was trying to flag you down or anything as you passed or was yelling, I don’t believe you’ve done anything wrong and the officer should know that you may have been confused as well. If it were me though, I definitely would go to the station if you want to explain and get more information on what to do if you get in a situation like that again. You definitely didn’t do anything wrong OP. 