 A little backgroung: Late 2018 (end of august) I was homeless, living out of my car, but still managing to work as much as possible. (Just not enough to afford a place to live) During that time I made multiple trips across a toll bridge to reach job-sites (i worked construction), however the toll bills were neglected. During October, I injured myself at work, found out my employee didn't have insurance, and everything spiraled to levels of begging and borrowing. Fast-forward to now, I'm 2 weeks into an apartment lease and at a new job. In an attempt to get my life back together I start going through owed bills and paying what I can. Today, I am pulled over by the police and told that I had expired registration. I told them I wasn't aware (truthfully) and that I would correct it immediately. I attempt to renew my registration to find that there is a hold due to outstanding debts to the toll company. I go online to try to pay and get the issue resolved, only to find out I owe an insanely high amount. (More than I can pay any time soon) Inspecting the invoices, I see that additional fees (administrative, (I was unable to receive mail during the time that I was homeless) Upon attempt to pay it, I'm notified that I actually owe an extremely large amount that I couldn't possible afford right now, and that "Fees" make up 51.5% of what I owe them. I understand the reasons behind fees like this in general, but that doesn't help me get to work without potentially being arrested/impounded. Do I have any options available to me? ??? My post hasn't changed. Get over yourself. No, these toll bridges read your plates and bill you address. No, I maintained active and appropriate drivers insurance the entire time. No, "Miles away" bridge was approximately the same price when considering gas, and more when considering vehicle upkeep. I can't bring my tools on a bus service. I'm poor not stupid. Maybe hide your aggressive nature a bit more. You repeatedly crossed a pay bridge knowing you weren't paying and never bothered to check what kind of balance. I'm also assuming you skipped having insurance and could have lost your car at any time by crossing a camera monitored bridge. Your "miles away" bridges were still cheaper to drive to than tolls. There's a bus service with a monthly pass that crosses the toll bridges. Could have used that instead of buying gas and not run up a balance. They announced the registration hold starting October 2017. Your not looking for advice your looking for excuses. There's no magic flag to wave here. Start planning on not driving till those are paid. You repeatedly crossed a pay bridge knowing you weren't paying and never bothered to check what kind of balance. I'm also assuming you skipped having insurance and could have lost your car at any time by crossing a camera monitored bridge. Your "miles away" bridges were still cheaper to drive to than tolls. There's a bus service with a monthly pass that crosses the toll bridges. Could have used that instead of buying gas and not run up a balance. They announced the registration hold starting October 2017. Your not looking for advice your looking for excuses. There's no magic flag to wave here. Start planning on not driving till those are paid. Appreciate the advice. Can you clarify on what you mean by "illegal" bridge crossings? I also want to clarify to anyone who may be reading that the registration block has been a policy since inception. 2 of 4 bridges are toll bridges, and two of these bridges (1 toll, 1 non) are miles apart from the other two bridges. I appreciate the suggestions of alternate travel, however most of those cost additional expense and seem to disregard my financial situation in this instance. Unfortunately this piece of advice comes off as "you should have had more money" which is not advice, but thank you for taking the time to respond none-the-less. There's no trick that will force them to reduce those fines and tolls. I'm a little surprised they've ONLY doubled. In many locations, failure to pay a $4 toll turns into a $200 citation. Your only bet is continuing to reach out to their support staff, politely telling them about the situation, and asking for them to have some mercy and reduce the fines or start a payment plan and lift the hold on your registration. Option 1: You pay all tolls and fines in full so you can drive your car again. Option 2: They set up a payment plan, you can drive again when all payments are complete. They've got $7,000,000+ in toll violations that caused them to start blocking registrations. There's 3 other bridges with no tolls. Your tolls and fines were fully accessible without mail at any time at a library since they have full online account access. Carpool, uber, walk, bike, moped... With all the small town factory jobs in Indiana there's things to do other than illegal bridge crossings.