 I have a friend who really I don't have much contact with besides seeing her stories on Snapchat. She is a CNA who works for a home healthcare agency in Nebraska. The patient I'm concerned about is an elderly man who lives at home with his wife. She is hired by the family through the agency to take care of the husband. She posts lots of pictures and videos of her patient (at least half of her snap stories). Some of them are pictures of the two of them together, some of them are videos of her walking behind him through his house or a photo of her with him in the background with a caption talking about what they're doing (e.i. getting ready for the day, about to take a shower, etc). Sometimes she posts pictures of the wife but they're always passive photos (sitting in her chair reading etc or her standing in the kitchen; pics where she seems like she's not aware that a photo is being taken). I'm not sure how to handle this situation. I'm concerned that it's a HIPPA violation and I don't know her well enough to have a casual conversation about my concerns to her. Since a lot of photos are of the two of them together smiling in the photos, I think "maybe shes asked his consent to post them". Yet she has a lot of passive photos and videos of him that appear that he wouldn't have known that she was recording (the ones she take literally behind his back). I don't know if maybe she got his consent to post every video or photo she posts, but I wonder maybe due to his age he doesn't understand or know that lots of people see these photos and that they're not just a photo she keeps for herself. As a healthcare worker I am concerned about the safety and privacy of this patient and his wife. As a friend of sorts I don't want her to lose her job over this, she is struggling financially enough already. I don't know if I just need to work up the courage to face her directly about this or if I should contact her employer and make them aware of the situation. I'm afraid to screenshot her snap stories as proof bc she would get a notification that I had done so, and I'm afraid of causing unnecessary drama over it. The most appropriate action is to report her. You are in the health care world, friends will fuck up. That's on them. Unfortunately for you, this happens to be a friend. They know the consequences of doing things like this. However, this is no excuse to let them off. Please report them. Protect the patient's confidentiality, not your friend's stupidity. I think this might be the most appropriate step. Thank you. Express your concerns to her. Ask her if she had permission because you are concerned about her job and whether or not her bosses have seen it.  That's why I haven't done anything about it yet. I don't know if she has permission to post. But if she doesn't, as many of her photos imply, then I am idly sitting here watching a violation taking place and not doing anything about it. I don't want to be that person but I also don't want to cause a problem when none exists. Not the person you replied to. I also worked in the health field. How do you know your friend doesn't have permission? If the wife has approved of the photos then there is no violation since the wife is the next of kin. Right now all your doing is speculating. Your friend could have asked for blanket permission to get candid photos of the patient and his wife going about their daily lives, you don't know. I thought that photos not approved by the patient are considered a HIPPA violation if their are any identifying markers (considering his full face are in them and she calls him Mr. Insert first letter of last name). I feel like if someone saw the photos who knew him would now know that he needs home healthcare and maybe the patient wanted that information to stay private, thereby making it a violation. The healthcare information in concern would be the fact that he needs help with his ADLs. HIPAA protects information regarding health status, health care and payment information. If the person isn’t explicitly identifying the patient in these and the patient is aware of the photos, I would imagine that this would not violate HIPAA. If you are very concerned, you could make a report to the agency that she works for, as this behavior is not very professional and they may want to know. Legally however, there may not be much to do. Also: obligatory NAL but I work in the healthcare field. 