 My employer charges 10$ if your more than 5 min late to work. She claims it is legal because the money is used to donate to charity. I called her on her bullshit and was written up 2x. Ga has a policy of 3 write ups before you can be fired so I was written up twice for "being late" and "causing problems in the workplace". Just for pointing out the illegality of this. Also, we are forced to pay for any mistakes we make (resteraunt). Any food we ring in wrong or customer claims they ordered different even if they told us what we gave them. Any dishes we break come out of our check as well. Is this legal? Also I work 6 12hr shifts a week and with tips and the 2.13/hr I make like 6.50-8$ an hour depending on the week. But often it's right at or less than minimum wage. Example, today, I worked 14hr and made 60$.  $2 base pay to (hopefully) equal minimum wage. If the tips+ base wage don't add up to minimum wage for the pay period, the employer must make up the difference. Yes, it helps mitigate the risk of a discrimination claim. Also, getting fired without cause makes one eligible for unemployment payments, and in some jurisdictions the premium paid the company increases based on the number of people that they fire that can file valid unemployment claims. Thank you! Unemployment. If you're fired for cause, it's a lot harder to make a successful unemployment claim. Just curious - if you’re in a state that can fire you because of at-will laws, what would be the benefit of having proof of cause? Does it become a matter of the company having some sort of defense if the fired employee tries to claim they were fired for protected class reasons like gender or race? They cannot charge you $10 for being late. They can absolutely not start your shift until you arrive... so if you're 5 minutes late, you're not getting paid for that time. They can also fire you for being late, even if it's your first time. The point of the write-ups is to build a paper trail so if they fire you and you seek unemployment, they can show that they fired you for just cause. But there's nothing you can do about that - they can write your name on top of as many whiny memos as they'd like, but in the end, that's all a write-up is. Charitable giving cannot be forcefully deducted from your check. That makes no difference to the docking your pay issue at all. She should also maybe be aware that any good karma she may gather by donating to charity is more than wiped away by stealing that money from underpaid workers. Which brings us to underpaid workers! You're being underpaid. They can deduct mistakes and broken dishes from your check... but not if it takes you below minimum wage. That said - these things are calculated per pay period, not per shift. Your pay and tips for a pay period must exceed '$7.25 the number of hours worked that period'. So if you worked 40 hours, you have to gross $290 between pay and tips. $2.13 for 40 hours is a base pay of $85.20. If you made $250 in tips, you grossed $335.20, which means that they could deduct up to $45.20 in mistakes. Any more than that, and you're below minimum wage. But it's by pay period - so you absolutely CAN have a shift where you only make $2.13 per hour and no tips, as long as the tips from all the other shifts are enough that your weekly total is over the $290. Write ups exist so that the employer can establish that you were warned about your behavior and asked to stop. That way they can demonstrate you have been fired for cause easily. so, clearly, /u/funtimefrankie1 gave you the best (legal and/or non-legal) advice: Sounds like you need a new job. Yeah. The owner is an immigrant and most of our kitchen staff is here on expired visas/illegal all together. I doubt laws are at the top of their mind.  I’d talk to a Union about all this. It sounds extremely sketchy and illegal.  We get to the resteraunt at 10:20, we open at 11. But our pay checks aren't even enough to cover taxes so my employer makes us pay the negative ammount in cash to them. Idk the legality of that either. Ah. So the write ups are just a way to "punnish" you I guess without firing you. I'm on time every day. 10min early. I was just 5min late this morning and felt the ploicy for myself so I'm rather annoyed that I loose 10$ of tips on a slow day.  They are allowed to dock your pay but not as much as they are now. It’s generally however late you are is how much your pay is docked. So if you’re ten minutes late it’s ten minutes worth of pay docked.  Not for servers/waitresses. The tips are added to the $2 base pay to (hopefully) equal minimum wage. No, it’s not legal to fine employees for being late, no matter what the funds go to. However you can be fired for being late. GA doesn’t have a 3 write ups before you can be fired law. GA, like all US jurisdictions (with the exception of Montana) is an at will jurisdiction. This means you can be fired for any reason or no reason at all other than membership in a protected class or in retaliation for engaging in protected activities. So you can file a wage and hour complaint, but you can also be fired for being late. Where are you from? $2 is way under minimum wage in America  Sounds like you need a new job. Just dont be late problem solved