 I work as a pool server at country club. My job involves making alcoholic drinks (I’m 19) taking orders from members, and running food. As well as upkeep of the pool and the shack we serve out of. It’s just a summer job and I started early May. When I was in my interview, my boss told me a lot of untrue statements. First and foremost being that we made tips. We don’t make tips. There is no tip line on the members receipt. There is an 18% service charge that goes to the club not us. Some say the 18% is used to make our hourly. We have high hourly for servers, I make 10.50 an hour. And although it’s possible that we could make tips. The process involves printing out multiple copies of the receipt and having them sign more than one, when we are busy we just don’t have the time for that. Even then members think they are already tipping us so people only try to tip maybe like once a week. The other issue is, when I told him I made around 10.50 at my last job and was looking for more he told me “yeah that won’t be a problem” he said there would be 2-3 raises through the summer and we could make up to 12 an hour and i still make 10.50. The real issue to me is I was verbally told I was getting a raise and a promotion two weeks in. I was now a shift leader with it printed on my name tag, but the raise was never given. After getting my first check I asked if my raise would take effect next pay period. He verbally told me yes. We are now 4 paychecks down and most the way through the summer and still no raise. I started talking with my coworkers about their pay and issues only to find out that as a shift lead making 10.50 there were many of my coworkers underneath me that made 10.75 off the bat. Also any other shift lead that started in that position rather than being promoted makes 11, which is what I was told my raise would be. When I got my fourth check and still saw no raise I was adamant that I needed to talk to my boss, not only due to the raise but also due to missing hours, which isn’t the first time that’s happened. He wouldn’t answer my calls and dodged me all day until finally texting me something along the lines of “it’s out of my control but if you’re talking about your pay to your coworkers that could disqualify any raises” Obviously I have been and I’m not the only one that is upset. There are 18 year olds that do the exact same job minus the alcohol that make 9.75 and 10 dollars. Which could be because they can’t serve alcohol but they do just as much as anybody else does. I’m wondering, could I get backlash for talking about wages? What are my legal options and rights in this scenario. Isn’t it illegal to refuse raises solely because we talked about our wage? Yeah, you are getting screwed. UNFORTUNATELY, pay raises aren't guaranteed unless in writing. It is very likely they dont give any of your coworkers raises either. It is also very likely that turnover is quite high and it is better for them to keep you on as long as they can at that starting wage until you get fed up and quit and just hire the next person who needs a job. This is how it has always been for minimum wage, unskilled labor. I would probably say he is arguably corporate bullying you, by isolating you and treating you differently via company means (Misusing his position to restrict your Pay check your freedom to discuss your income with fellow employees) and if you can prove either you may have a strong case.