 We live in an older duplex in New Hampshire. We went out of state for one week over the holidays and hired a cat sitter to feed our cats once a day. When we returned home, I opened our bedroom window and noticed that the glass panel that can be moved down in place of the screen (basically acting as a second window) was down and the screen moved up. I thought that was strange but didn't make anything of it. Today, a week later, I went to open the bathroom window while cleaning to help air it out. The same thing occurred with this window. I then checked every window in our place and they had all been toyed with so that if you opened the window there would be no actual breeze due to the glass panel moved down in place of the screen. I texted our cat sitter to see if she noticed anything unusual or anyone in our apartment. She said she hadn't seen anyone but that she did latch a window that she noticed was unlatched. Our lease includes heat. This is a very old New England home that was converted into a duplex and the age really shows. The temperature regulation is very frustrating and we sometimes open the windows at night to allow a breeze or while cleaning. We don't abuse our access to heat and we ourselves have to pay for air conditioning in the summer. We think that our landlords came into our apartment while we were away and pulled all of the glass panels down in some effort to lower heating costs. We were never notified of any entry. I texted the wife and emailed the husband today and so far there has been no response. Our rights to quiet enjoyment and privacy have been violated and we no longer feel comfortable leaving our home for more than a day at a time. Our landlords effectively snuck in. We told them at the beginning of the lease that we are not okay with anyone other than our cat sitter coming into our home while we are not here (not including emergencies) and this was purposefully ignored in hopes that we wouldn't notice the intrusion until we opened the windows in spring, too late to really notice their entry. Our lease is up in April. Can we break our lease and get out of here? I'm saying ONCE isn't actionable.  Fair enough, good luck. While those would have been a nice courtesy, they're only legally obligated to give you notice in writing, which is usually posted on your door. Again, generally, one-time occurrences aren't really actionable, but you have an IRL lawyer giving you advice so the best answer is to ask that IRL lawyer what your options are. To me, it sounds like the landlord entered for a valid reason. The questions are whether they gave you the required notice as per the law, and if not, what you can do about that. I do not believe this one-time occurrence for this reason would be reason to unilaterally break the lease without penalty. Ok well one single instance doesn't rise to any actionable level.  He didn't post a notice. Even admitted it. Thank you. Attorney acquaintance just said that entering the premises without proper notification, let alone any notification and even once when there is no emergency generally raises enough concern to judges that they tend to side with tenants. Also says that NH courts take the tenant's rights not to be disturbed very seriously and the process to move based on this should be fairly easy. He added that we should avoid this sub because it's full of "spiteful landlords who don't know the law"...so I'm going to go with him on this one and leave you all to it. Thanks.  -emergency circumstances and not even making an attempt to notify us is in violation of our lease. For all you know, he could have posted the notice on your door while you were gone. He doesn't have to chase you down or call you if you're out of town. We live in the day and age of phone calls and emails. They could have easily reached us as they have done in the past. At the very least left us a message. This entire thing was sneaky which is what concerns us. Returning home where things are (unexpectedly) different than how you left them is eerie.  Ask your lawyer what your recourse is and what a lawsuit is going to get you over a one-time occurrence. Hmm.. just heard back from an attorney acquaintance. He said that we have a right to be notified 24 hours in advance if landlords want to enter our premises under non-emergency circumstances and not even making an attempt to notify us is in violation of our lease. Can you clarify if you are commenting an opinion or actual law? No. You have no privacy rights. And, your right to quiet enjoyment cannot, by definition, be violated by just one incident. You are overreacting and blowing this way out of proportion. Close your storm windows when you leave for vacation.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.