 I bought an item for about $1000 from a USA company. I had it shipped to Canada and then realized there would be a \~$215 customs charge. By that time, I had actually decided that I did not want the item anymore (not because of the customs charge). Since they have a free 30 day money back guarantee, I sent it back without even seeing the item (I called UPS and had them return to sender). The company refunded me $370 less than what I originally paid them! They called it an "adjustment", and keep stating that it was from the "customs fee". HOWEVER, I have called both Canada border and UPS and they tell me that because the item is back in the USA, there was no customs charge applied. So, I am out $370 for no reason, and the company has just taken my money... What can I do about this? I have: 1) Called VISA who is supposed to protect against fraud/damages and they can't do anything for me 2) Called Canadian and US border security and they state I should not have been charged, and that they wouldn't have taken any customs as the item is still in the USA 3) Called the company and they have not replied other than to say "they have a policy to not refund customs fees but THERE WAS NO CUSTOMS FEE. I have asked them to give me a break down of what this "adjustment" is. 4) Confirmed with UPS that the company did not pay the customs fee. Thanks for your help everyone credit Is your Visa a credit card or debit card?   't help you? Did you escalate this? I didn't escalate this because the person told me "we refund things only when people don't even get an item they paid for". So, I naively just said... oh... ok and hung up.  You are welcome. Good luck.  Hey - thank you for your help. Other commenter says to follow up with VISA also. I will do this! Certified letter sounds like a good idea also... in this day and age it feels foreign to me to do such a thing, but I suppose that is the more official route. I agree that a cross border litigation is probably not worth it financially. This has become more of a moral thing at this point :)  Really? When I spoke to the initial VISA intake person, they were like "oh yea, I see your charges and it's not the same as the refund"...and I was positive about the outcome. I then spent about 1 week on hold at 2 hours at a time to speak to the correct department and was (disappointingly) told they couldn't do anything about it and "it sounds like it's a company issue". This was before I had found out that the customs fee was not even taken according to Canadian border security. The company stated that "they paid the customs fee" but this is a flat out lie, and they have not been able to give me any proof of that. Thanks for your help - I will call VISA again tomorrow :)  Send a certified letter to the company with proof there was no custom fee and requesting a refund. If they refuse and your credit card company won’t help, you will have to sue. Unfortunately, you will likely have to sue where the company is located. I imagine it will cost more than the amount you are out. I would follow up with your credit card company also, with evidence of no custom fee. I would do this in writing.  't do anything for me I find that hard to believe. Not that I think you're lying, just that maybe you talked to someone on their first day or something. "I returned this and didn't receive a full refund" should be the slam dunk of chargebacks. Did your financial institution give you a reason why they can't help you? Did you escalate this?