 I agree. Thanks for the input.  . I work with mostly young, but sometimes older and sometimes mild-moderately aggressive individuals. I will be requesting a modified work schedule to make medical appointments, minor ergonomic supports, and that I refrain from being assigned severely aggressive clients. I would be careful about this if I were you. You're trying to walk a tightrope where your condition makes it too dangerous to work with severely aggressive clients but not too dangerous to work with mild-moderately aggressive ones. It's going to be hard to argue that one is too risky while the other is safe. If your employer says that your condition prevents you from continuing work or that they can't accommodate the scheduling they probably can fire you.  No problem at all. Come back if there is anything that doesn't get answered or doesn't make sense. Cheers! Thank you. I will read it all. Here is the [EEOC]() page about reasonable accommodations at work. It is a bit of a read, but it should cover any questions that you have. [This page]() specifically addresses what information employers are allowed to collect, ask about, or verify as part of the process. Some key points from the latter: . This means that, in most circumstances, an employer cannot ask for an employee's complete medical records because they are likely to contain information unrelated to the disability at issue and the need for accommodation.(53) . May an employer require an employee to go to a health care professional of the employer's (rather than the employee's) choice when the employee requests a reasonable accommodation? The ADA does not prevent an employer from requiring an employee to go to an appropriate health care professional of the employer's choice if the employee provides insufficient documentation from his/her treating physician (or other health care professional) to substantiate that s/he has an ADA disability and needs a reasonable accommodation.(55) However, if an employee provides insufficient documentation in response to the employer's initial request, the employer should explain why the documentation is insufficient and allow the employee an opportunity to provide the missing information in a timely manner.(56) The employer also should consider consulting with the employee's doctor (with the employee's consent) before requiring the employee to go to a health care professional of its choice.(57) 