 So my brother (26) was recently arrested at Dyersburg Tennessee and is currently awaiting his court date for some dumb shit he definitely did do. He has been in there since December. My family lives in Little Rock Arkansas and due to burnt bridges only sparingly interact with him via the jail's text message system. Today at 11am my mother receives a phone call from him in the free world. According to him, a couple days ago he was climbing on his rack and hurt his shoulder. He claims that he has AC joint separation. He will probably need surgery. This is, of course, a lie. He almost certainly had received it in a fight inside the jail and has told a mutual friend as much. I'm not sure what story he officially gave the jailers. He says that the jail told him he would be responsible for his own injury and released him to go get it attended too and to return. They released him with no money, no car, no place to stay, and no insurance. Despite the burnt bridges my mother has put him up in a hotel tonight and called the jail to ask what the fuck is going on. They claim that he had asked to leave and said that they normally are responsible for injuries but my brother had insisted that he leave and use his own "resources" to handle the injury himself. Considering his lack of resources I highly doubt that he would do that. I have 10 years of experience in the Arkansas Department of Corrections and despite the fact that "Arkansas state prison system" and "Tennessee county jail system" are a long way from being synonyms, this whole thing seems insane to me. Are they not legally responsible to give medical care to their inmates? Do jails really just release their injured wards on the word that they'll return back to the jail? If so, are they not obligated to make sure that the inmate has some sort of method to actually fulfill his word instead of throwing him out on the street? My mother is currently trying to deal with the injury first but we have talked about lawyering up afterwards. Can anyone provide insight on Tennessee jail systems and what steps we should take right now? Yes they do. They won't say in the moment you'll find that a lot of them talk once you get them by themselves.  Yeah, you know better than me. He "fell in the shower". That night 2 notes are on the CO's desk saying exactly what happened. The next shift, the porter tells the CO who did what. The next morning the watch commander, the Capt and the warden all have letters detailing every facet of the incident. When the inmate realizes he is going to the box anyway, or whoever fucked him up is still trying to get him, he gives his side of the story which will in it's self serving way, be pretty much corroborated by the 11teen snitch notes. Not for that kind of shit, everyone “falls in the shower” Medical furloughs were not super common. I can think of one inmate that I worked with that was released for 72 hours to address a dental surgery issue. In these case of pregnant inmates, they usually found a reason to grant them early release as opposed to a medical furlough. In an ideal world, yes, jails are supposed to treat inmate medical issues. However, 1) This can be incredibly costly for the jail, 2) The access they have to medical professionals is often limited, and 3) Jails are in no way a sterile, comfortable, or safe recovery place. These combined factors are usually what result in a medical furlough.  10 year vet. They do.  Inmates snitch constantly.  This seems like an easy balance of cost for the jail. They didn't release him, hes just being held until trial. He hurt himself, the jail was willing to pay for it, he said he would pay himself. So why not release him until his court date? Saves the jail the money and if your brother fails to show up at court he gets a warrant.  The jails obligation to care for it's inmates ends when it thinks it costs too much? Cost. Yes this is a medical furlough. How often did you see medical furloughs granted for non-pregnant inmates? Do the jails not typically treat their own inmates? Is so, why would they grant him a medical furlough instead of treating the injury themselves?  Most AC separations are treated conservatively with a sling, only the most severe require surgery Of course he hurt himself, one would never snitch on another inmate Source: Am ER physician that takes care of inmates  IANAL, but did work in a Tennessee County jail for a while. Two things come to mind: 1) it was not uncommon where I worked to order early release of inmates who were about to undergo medical issues. Most commonly, when we had a pregnant inmate, she would almost undoubtly be released a month before her due date. This was either done through drastically reduced bond amounts or via “good time,” which was essentially time served on one’s sentence taking into account time worked, classes taken, good behavior, etc. 2) Sometimes, inmates would be granted furlough. This could be a supervised or unsupervised release for things such as funerals, medical emergencies, etc. It is entirely possible that your brother was granted furlough to go deal with his medical issue. Jails are fond of this, because it reduces their medical expenses. However, I have never personally witnessed a furlough that did not have strict return terms. Furloughs are typically very time-limited. If your brother does not return in the time allotted, he will be facing more jail time. Try calling back to the jail first thing in the morning and ask to speak to the Warden. Specifically ask if your brother was granted furlough, or if he has been released. If the jail reports he was granted furlough, ask for the terms of the furlough and when he needs to return.