 The short of the story is; I moved into an apartment in July of 2018 and in September of 2018 the current company was bought by a much larger company who owns 14 other complexes. Late December we started receiving notices that they were going to start renovations and to not park our cars in front of the building because they were taking the balconies down. The building was built in the 70's and ever since I moved in my wife who is highly sensitive to mold has had minor problems here and there. As of a few days ago she started feeling worse and worse and now has spiked a fever and a few other symptoms. They started renovations on July 10th and the contractors have been wearing some pretty heavy duty respirator masks, not just the ones you use for insulation you get from home depot. Which makes me want to think they're dealing with possibly high amounts of mold. There are a few other things, but the mold is my main concern. They're currently working in 8 or the 12 apartments. Does the landlord have to notify the tenants about mold in the building (there are 12 apartments per building)? Is there anything that I should watch for as far as the company disregarding proper health codes? Are there any resources I could go to for more advice? Is it possible to break a lease for mold in the building causing significant health problems? Are there any resources to go to about guidelines with renovations other than google? I would really like to find a way out of the lease because it's becoming such a problem. P.s. Google was minimal help from what I could find. I live in KY Thank you for any advice given, it is appreciated.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.