 I recently discovered some information on my provinces website that tells me I am being underpaid for by quite a bit. ( ,ici-wage,factsheet.html) According to the above link any general labourer with over 2400 hours is to be paid a minimum of $24.45, which I am not. I am working for a plaster company, and the wage for that trade is even higher at $28.85. I have an estimated 3300 hours as of a week ago, so that is no concern. I am also the person in charge when I am on site about 90% of my time this year. Last year I was in charge for about the last 5 months of the year, before that I was essentially training. A seperate issue is the hours I have worked. Last year I think I had a single paycheck under 95 hours. According to the information found on that site, anything over 80 requires to be paid out in overtime... which I have never once received. I have every single paystub from my employer. I am wondering if it is worth it to pursue those potential earnings. The one issue I can see is that not all of my sites were ICI. Some were residential. Roughly a 70/30 split if I had to guess, the 30 being ICI. I was planning on adding up the amount to try and get a rough dollar amount of what I think I am owed. What would be the minimum amount that would be worth getting in contact with a lawyer to pursue the money? Should I pursue it? Do I have grounds? I assume I will be fired immediately upon any attempt to get that money, which I am perfectly ok with. This is not a career job and I plan on transitioning into another trade in the next couple of months anyways. Any and all help is appreciated! Right answer. The labour board is pretty good about answering questions anyone has about their employment situation. Don't even need to file a complaint at first, if you don't want to. I suggest you contact the board and see what help they can offer first and file a complaint there. Usually more cost-effective than getting a lawyer and suing.  : anyone who has worked at least 2,400 hours in one of the following trades: asbestos abatement; elevator construction; floor covering; insulating; specialty labour (assistant bricklayer); general construction; marble, tile and terrazzo installation; plastering; pre-fabricated metal building erecting; sheeting, decking and cladding; and scaffolding. The hours change the way you can be defined. Anything over 2400 hours is a set minimum no matter what the training. At least according to that site? Generally, with employment standards act issues, you can go through a complaints process with some sort of board. This is generally easier than suing. I would contact them first. It's not clear how your split is going to affect the wage you're supposed to be paid as you may still be classified as a trainee.