 Hey I am unsure what to do atm. My mother's sister has been staying at my mother's house and we want her out for multiple reasons. Does anyone know how to get her evicted by chance? Sorry for being vague  No need to apologize for helping me out with th8s thank you. Best online community ever! You're awesome thanks so much  No problem friend, check out the link in my edit for the most relevant info.  Thank you  The advice just given to you does not apply to the vast majority of locations. Even absent a lease agreement, most places in the United States require 30 days written notice. You need to find out what the proper notification period is for where you actually live. 10 days is applicable almost nowhere.  Thank you so much  If your mother owns the house, your mother is the only one with the power to do anything. If she's been living with you, and does not have a written lease/agreement, then your mother would need to serve her with advance, written, 10-day notice to vacate, and, if she fails to vacate after that amount of time, would need to file for a formal eviction process with the courts. That's the only, legal way to get her out. Optionally, your mother can offer to pay her to leave -- a "cash for keys" arrangement -- be sure to get the fact that she's agreeing to leave for X money and has no further entitlement to the place in writing, and don't hand over the money until she's out, them promptly change the locks. No location, no information. You have to list state or country and city.  My mother owns the house. Sorry for being vague. Idk where to start with the details.  There is no way to give you any advice with no location or information about who owns the house, if it's rented, whose on the lease, etc.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.