 My landlord refuses to call an exterminator to get rid of the possums living in my walls. It's been over a month that I've had to deal with their horrifying squawks and constant scratching. It's affecting my sleep and my quality of life. The landlord's half-assed attempts to catch and/or poison the possums isn't working. He claims that he can handle all the repair and extermination issues in the house but he clearly can't and he got very upset when I mentioned having pest control come out to check it out. Can I legally break my lease because of this? If I do, is my landlord entitled to keep my security deposit? Wow! Thank you so much kind stranger of Reddit! This was super helpful and I feel much better about breaking my lease now. I’ll definitely read up on the links you shared. Thank you again!! I’ll let you know how it goes.  I did a lot more research for you and you can break the lease with a couple conditions. Bare with me, I'll try to make this as readable as possible, but unfortunately I'm on mobile. According to some what I found here (,part 3 under when you can break the lease) you can break the lease using the "constructive eviction" defense. It basically means that by the landlord not providing livable housing, he has essentially evicted you. You can read more about constructive eviction here: http://www.tenantresourcecenter.org/constructive_eviction The procedures for using this defense are outlines under Tex. Prop Code Ann. § § 92.056, 92.0561. That law also outlines the repair and deduct option I mentioned in my previous comment. You REALLY REALLY need to read it yourself after you finish reading my comment, as the wording is precise. Here's the link ( http://texaspropertycode.org/chapter-92-texas-property-code.html#92-056). To summarize the conditions to break the lease: you must have given the landlord notice to repair the condition, the condition must affect your physical health, you must give WRITTEN notice to the LL after a reasonable amount of time to repair the condition, the LL must have had reasonable amount of time to fix the condition and did not, the LL did not make diligent effort to fix the condition after receiving either notice, and you must have not been delinquent in paying rent during the time you were giving notice. Under the same property code, you have certain conditions should you choose to break it, including: being entitled to a pro rated refund from the date you move out, refund of security deposit according to law, not being entitled to the repair and deduct option. The security deposit can be deducted if there are damages you caused that need repairs unrelated to the pest issue From what I have read, you qualify for breaking your lease. Even though you're moving out at the end of the month and not ASAP, you're still technically breaking a lease. If it's a long term lease you would be breaking, he could sue for remaining rent payments and return whatever part of your security deposit he doesn't need for repairs If it's a month to month deal, you still would technically have to give 30 day notice, otherwise he can keep your deposit for next months rent and sure to repair costs. But, as I said, you should qualify for breaking your lease and avoiding those penalties, but there are steps you should be taking to protect yourself from him claiming otherwise First, I highly recommend you call a health inspector to do an inspection and/or an exterminator who will come out for free to give you a quote. This will serve as your evidence that the problem is as bad as you are claiming. Second, get your documentation in order as I mentioned in my previous comment. When the problem started, all attempts to contact him, his little to no action about the problem, photograph/video the problem itself, etc. Back all of it up. If you do get an inspector/exterminator, keep copies of their report/quote. Third, take a ton of pictures and videos of the apartment right before you move out. I've seen way too many posts on this subreddit about landlords keeping security deposits for false reasons. Having documentation will protect you in case you need to sue in small claims for your deposit back. Finally, I would send him something detailing all of this. Basically say that you are moving out under constructive eviction which is protected by Tex. Prop Code Ann. § § 92.056, you have documentation that the apartment is unlivable (maybe even send a copy), and you will be documenting the state of the apartment before you move out. This will hopefully deter him from trying to come after you for the lease breaking penalties or trying anything funny with your deposit. Good luck  Thanks for your response! I went ahead and told my landlord that I plan to move out at the end of this month since the rodents are impairing my quality of life (can't sleep at night). I mentioned that since he made it clear that I'm not to ever call any repair or pest control professionals, my only other option was to move out. I texted him all this and his response was simply "ok". I hope that means he's not planning on giving me any trouble, but he's not exactly the most level headed guy so who knows. As for the security deposit - am I legally entitled to get this back since I'm breaking the lease due to something out of my control?  First, documentation. Document when the problem started, when you first contacted the landlord, when he first started "fixing" the problem, and that it is still ongoing today. Also make sure you're not causing or contributing to the problem in anyway Though you might not be able to break the lease since the apartment is still technically habitable, you have some other options A) report it to your local board of health and request an inspection ASAP. When you fail it, they'll send him a notice they need to fix it by a certain date or be fined. If it's not fixed by that date, call them again. Rinse and repeat. You can also get the repair order yourself in justice court () (read the health and safety section) B) call pest control services yourself. Legally the landlord is responsible for dealing with the issue because it's a health and physical safety issue, but if they won't, you can call the exterminator yourself. Thankfully, Texas is a state that permits rent witholding for "repair and deduct" (). Or you can pay your rent normally and sue him in small claims court for the cost of the exterminator Good luck  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.