 My little sister is a good kid, like one of the most pure, genuine people I know. She had no idea the kid planned to rob the delivery person, she wasn’t even there. I think she just made a poor choice under peer pressure. Our mom is pretty no nonsense and doesn’t let her hang out with just anyone. She told me she knew him from middle school and I’m wondering what her liability is and what the risk is that she could be charged? The kid has 3 attempted murder charges and an armed robbery charge. A detective on the case went to my moms home and questioned them and took my sister’s phone as evidence(it was returned after 2 weeks) the police believe she had no involvement. I’m just terrified for my sister, and I’ve watched way too many crime documentaries. She wouldn’t last an hour in jail.  My 19month old watches frozen on repeat daily so I feel your pain  Because 15 year old girls do stupid shit to gain the favor of 15 year old boys. She never saw the kid, it was an interaction on Snapchat. I’ve since gotten a lot more info on the situation. My mom gave me the gist and then actually explained in detail the next day when we could talk, I was freaking out during that time so I posted here with what little I knew. I live two hours away I order her pizzas/chinese and have it sent to the house all the time, she thought nothing of it for that reason.  It’s definitely a crime if you’re aware of it, which she wasn’t. I mean she’s no longer a person of interest, it’s been a month and they haven’t returned, she hasn’t been charged and the detective admitted he’s seen situations like this many times and that he doesn’t believe this is one of them. so all that “sounds like op is xyz because y doesn’t make sense” is pretty far off base.  Do not talk about the event to anyone including the police. Instruct your family the same. If she is charged lawyer up. Not talking is NOT an admission of guilt Yeah, that is a really weird thing to say if she did not do anything. Sounds like the OP is just hoping it is not a crime to setup someone to get robbed. I also don't understand how the sister made "a bad decision under peer pressure" while simultaneously "not knowing what was going to happen". If she had no idea there was going to be a robbery, what was she peer pressured about? Or they gave it back to see who she will be calling. The call evidence is already secured in the phone logs. If they arrest her later they can search the phone again.  The OP story does not make sense. He says she “knew the kid from middle school”. Does that mean this is the first time seeing him in years? Why would you order a pizza for someone out of the blue and when you are “not even there”? If I’m asking these questions so are are the police. They might have returned the phone because they want your sister to have it back so they can collect more evidence on who she is talking to. She was an accessory to a crime, whether intentional or not. It really comes down to whether she ordered the pizza on her own or was asked to by this guy. If she was asked by the guy then the question is whether she knew he was going to get robbed. The police are familiar with how this type of crime works and the person calling can be a willing participant.  Even if they hadn't found anything, but considered her complicit, I suspect they would have hung onto it as long as possible. Hey man not legal advice, but you should really get your sister away from kids who have 3 attempted murder charges before they're even out of high school. She's fine. Police don't think she's involved and she doesn't have a record or anything. She wasn't at the scene, she didn't text anything implicating herself, so there's no way she could be an accessory even if they wanted to pin something on her. If they gave back the phone then there was no evidence of a crime on it. If there had been they would’ve kept it in evidence (so defense can examine the phone if they wanted). Unless and until the police come knocking again I wouldn’t worry too much. If they do they’ll either arrest her and take her to a juvenile detention center for the night or they’ll want to interview her to shore up the case against the other person. If they want to interview her I’d hire a lawyer. To arrest her - The police have to prove she assisted, encouraged, or otherwise be an accomplice to the crime. If they got squat off her phone then there’s not much they can get probable cause off of - even her friend saying LAOP’s sister set it up is not enough as a codefendant’s testimony needs CORROBORATION. It alone isn’t enough to convict someone. They’ll have to prove that she not just knew about the crime about to take place but helped with the crime in some way (look out, knowingly setting up the driver). You can also public records request the police report - though you often can’t get it until the case is overwith. If she’s arrested you’ll likely be able to cut a deal pretty easily with the prosecutor based on what you’ve told LA and ASSUMING your sister is telling the truth (big assumption). If they haven’t arrested her yet then they don’t have PC to arrest her. I guess the age really doesn't matter but I was just curious because you said he has attempt murder chargers and I thought "damm!! That's hard core for a middle school kid" They went to school together so I would imagine about 15.  Just out of curiosity, how old is the friend (suspect) If they've returned the phone, chances are they've decided she was not involved, but IANAL. Getting her a lawyer, and doing exactly what they say is probably the best thing to do. And whatever you do don't go beating down their doors to follow up... The less you talk to the police the better, even if you are 100% innocent beyond any shadow of a doubt. One dumb turn of phrase and that could be what hangs you/her. In the words of that damn movie my kid still watches more often than should be humanly possible... "let it go" The problem is that what you believe about your sister or even what your sister actually did at the time is not relevant. What is relevant is what the police believe, and more importantly, can prove. If the police have told you they don’t think she was involved, you’re probably in the clear, but that isn’t a certainty.  No she had no idea.  Did she know it was going to happen? She needs to shut up and only talk to her attorney about this.