 I got a misdemeanor for playing my music too loud in Detroit. I DO NOT want to go to court because I feel its a waste of my time and I will have to use the last of my money to pay the court fees. I'm 99% sure the officer won't show up because of how petty the situation is and I'm moving out of state in like month or so. I just want to know if it will affect me in the chance that I get pulled over/arrested in another state? Chum, you need to reign in the sarcasm and offer some real legal advice. Like Holmes Youthful Trainee Act or Delayed Sentence. If you're a member of the bar, you're a poor representative of it. OP, how old are you? The Holmes Youth Trainee Act may get the charge dropped. There are other options too, like delayed sentence under 771.1. If you're under 24 you should ask for HYTA. Holmes Youthful Trainee Act. If you're 24 or older, ask for 771.1 delayed sentence. Go and sin no more. Go to court and ask for a public defender. Go to court like you're supposed to. Ight so what do you advise for somebody who has nothing and is basically watching it get taken away? Okay thanks!! You turn yourself in to the department that issued the warrant You're going to find out how useful it was when you try to apply for basically anything with an open warrant. Jesus, you have some demons to face, cyber bully lmao I'm gonna be honest I can't afford a lawyer so how would I get a warrant situated once I do have the money?? I asked for advice not whatever tf this is lol  That being said, having a warrant is a PITA, because every time you are stopped by the police, they will detain you and see if Detroit wants to extradite you (they won't) but it will be an annoying process regardless. Your best option is to hire a lawyer. It will be a few hundred bucks, but it's best to keep a misdemeanor off your record. Of course it will. I'm so sorry your time is being wasted having consequences for the laws you chose break, how awful and unfair! You're also not going to be finding a place to live with an active warrant, genius. On the topic of your high level of intellect, you come to a place called legaladvice and expect people to tell you to skip court? Oh my.