 20F. Speeding ticket issued in Arcade, GA. A couple weeks ago I was on my way home from Athens, GA. I had just dropped my sister off at UGA, which is an hour and 25 minutes away from my house. It was around 1:30 pm. I had to make it back home by 2:40 to get my 7 year old sister off the bus (as my mother was at work and my father was out of town) and I was still about 50 minutes out. The road I was on is called Athens Highway, yet the speed limit is 55. As the name insinuates, the road is a two lane on both the north bound and south bound sides. There is a grass median in between with ocasional turning lanes. I was in the left lane, southbound, when I noticed a police officer on the left lane of the northbound side. At that point I was probably doing 78. I kept watching him and noticed him getting in the turning lane, so I switched into the right and began lowering my speed. Of course he pulled me over. He informed me that he had clocked me at 74. So I got a 55 on a 74. All I asked the officer was how this would affect my insurance and license. He told me that if I plead guilty in court my insurance will not be informed, there will be no record, but I will pay a fine. As the title of my post suggests, I’m wondering if anyone on here has any pointers as to what I should say? My plan is to plead guilty and answer any questions asked. If given the chance to explain myself should I explain why I was in such a rush? !!!Lastly, I am no physicist but I’m wondering if there’s any loophole considering the cop clocked me when he was traveling in the opposite direction, across from the median. There were other cars on my side but none in the left lane, and tbh I was passing them. Thank you! TL;DR: Traffic court tomorrow. 74 in a 55 two lane highway. Speeding on the way home to get 7 year old sister off bus. Officer suggested pleading guilty to avoid insurance being notified as well as violation being put on record. Asking for tips. Oh there is no doubt he knocked it down. Definitely glad  Be glad he gave you a ticket at 19 over. 20 over is normally much worse in most places. When you go in for your court date, if you are allowed to take traffic school instead of pleading guilty -- they will give you X amount of time to complete traffic school. You usually have to take your completion certificate into the court house yourself and file it with the proper offices/agencies.  What do you mean deferment until I submit proof? I’m so ignorant on this topic sorry haha. And heck yeah I’m not calling my insurance any time soon  I would hope for traffic school first and deferment until you submit proof, but if you can't immediately take it and get things dismissed in your state, definitely still go the traffic school route if your insurance accepts it (but don't go calling your insurance to rat yourself out ASAP either). A single ticket can make an insurance company hit you double and triple digits extra each month $$.  Ok sorry, I’m on mobile and messed up my reply and stuff. I will definitely ask about traffic school. 103 in a 55, I am shook. I’ll make sure to dress nice and be respectful as well. I have a job interview at 2:15 and I’m supposed to be in court at 9. Hopefully I can make it out in time. If no traffic school I will still do the DD course. Thank you for giving me so much info! Oh also, I should ask about traffic school after pleading guilty and hearing whatever the judge has to say right? Yes I have a totally clean record! I’ll make sure to ask. After pleading guilty and having the judge tell me what the consequences are right?  [removed] Another thing you might do if you don't have any other traffic violations is ask if they offer traffic school. Call the courthouse, or even ask the judge when it's your turn to come up in the court case. Many officers write 1239847293782934 tickets and have them all on one date so don't expect to be the only person in the courtroom and be patient. Dress nice, find out your options. I had never had anything against me, but I was clocked doing 12 over in VA. I realize it's a different state, but a nice person at the court house told me if I had never had any violations, I could take traffic school. It cost me $50 for traffic school, another $75 to the court, and it was dismissed off my record with no DMV/Insurance notifications or points. Defensive driving in Georgia -- Defensive driving/traffic school may be taken voluntarily to: Deduct points from your Georgia DMV driving record. OR Reduce your car insurance rates. Ask about Defensive Driving and best of luck.  Ok I will do just that. Yeah everyone I’ve talked to says the insurance and record part seem too good to be true. Arcade is notorious for speed traps and they mainly just want the money. It’s only 8 square miles so they basically live off these tickets lol. But I’ll remain hopeful. Thank you!  Fighting the speed is possible, but not probable to work. Cops have laser guns and radar to measure speed. They usually calibrate it before their shift and bring the certificate to court. Your best bet is to try “guilty with an explanation,” which a lot of traffic courts allow. You admit you were speeding, apologize, explain the reason, but make sure you admit guilt and be sorry. Sometimes a court will knock down the speed, which is good for insurance and points on your license. I am not sure the thing about insurance not being told is true.