 What is the law regarding how old a child can shoot a gun? My brother is allowing my niece to shoot and I feel that 4 is too young. Especially, when they have guns laying around without being locked up safely and knowing that she struggles to listen to rules and adults anyways. I will say that I am in no way against guns, I own a few but I want to know if there is possible legal repercussions or if I should just mind my own business.  He thinks kids don’t find their way into locked rooms? That isn’t sufficient and doesn’t count as a gun that’s locked up. Telling CPS that he has unlocked guns in his house with a young child is enough. What more information are you thinking you’d need to provide? When pressed he did say that the guns were locked in a room. I meant that he believes gun accidents only happen to stupid people which is why he doesn't need a safe/trigger locks. Your right that CPS is responsible for investigation but I want to make sure that if/when I call it will get accepted for investigation. I feel like calling with not enough information would put me more into a false sense of security.  CPS are the ones who will investigate whether he is lying.  Thank you for the stats. I absolutely understand the severity but I also know that he doesn't. He truly believes that it only happens to ”stupid people” and won't ever happen to him. I will use the data to continue working on him and my parents will also. I do want you to really hear that if I have proof that he is lying about locking his guns I will call CPS. I hope that he is telling the truth and they are safe but if not, I will have no more hesitations about calling. I know that it's not the answer that everyone wants but this seems like the best way for the call to actually go through if needed.  You’re absolutely right about CPS not being a fix all and there are times where they’ve failed miserably. That doesn’t consider the fact that case is different. However, I am seriously concerned about safety especially since your brother seems protective of his position, instead of being open to the concept that his approach goes against all safety recommendations for responsible gun owners. I own three myself so I’m not against the concept; and so I’m horrified at his nonchalant attitude toward a very real risk. Here are [stats]() on how guns hospitalize more than 7000 children each year and an additional 3,000 die before they reach the emergency room. If you don’t want to go the CPS route, please try to use data and your family dynamics to convince your brother to be a responsible owner. I’m wondering if you understand the severity of this situation. If your niece or son are injured or killed, wouldn’t you wish you had pushed your brother as hard as you could, and regret that you waited to see if he’d change, after his obvious refusal to change?  That is an appropriate take on everything but you are not taking into account everything. CPS is not a fix all like it should be. There are a lot of calls that are not even investigated. I have spoken to a lot of people and it seemed that this was the best first step to take. A school counselor who has made a CPS phone call, for this reason, said that it could not be accepted until there were opportunities to correct it themselves. I understand everyone's concern on this thread but I also need to think of my family dynamic and ensure that if/when I call CPS I have jumped through all the correct hoops first.  Man, your comments really make me feel anxious. I may be wrong but I interpret your statements as you being worried about family drama. Although family drama is legit stressful, it makes me think you are not genuinely taking on just how serious of an issue this is. It seems like you are relying on the false sense of security caused by the fact that no one has died yet. And it seems like the one additional event you are waiting for to prove negligence is one that would be serious enough to actually risk death. And I imagine anyone who has lost a loved one to (their own or someone else’s) unsecured weapon would love to tell you to risk burning everything down to make sure your son is safe and your niece is safe. If you don’t, who will?  Thank you for being respectful. I really do understand the push for this and I do agree my only worry is how my parents will react because I'm sure my SIL will blame my mom. I have and will continue to marinate on this.  This must be the worst comment I've ever seen. If you teach your kid anything short of lock picking, there is no way that storing a gun in a locked safe is less safe. That doesn't matter though, because there's really no reason at all that you wouldn't just do both.  Congrats on finding the single comment that allowed you to ignore the issue. Look man, I know you aren't going to call CPS on your brother. It just isn't going to happen. I understand that. I have nephews. I love my brother. But you really can't chance your niece mishandling a gun. You'll watch your son while there? What if your niece brings the gun to him and shoots him before you can react? What if she's in the other room and shoots through the doorway or wall? Press the issue with your brother. Make a stink. Get him an RFID safe that opens automatically with the key. Get him RFID trigger locks. This is life or death man. This is your blood. Think about how wrecked you would be if you lost your son or niece. Really marinate on it. The majority of comments are NOT telling you that at all! Mind your own business until he’s negligent enough to get his daughter shot? Seriously? No. Intervene now.  Does he have PTSD or is he just a garden variety irresponsible person?  If he’s military he should absolutely effing know better and he has even less of an excuse to be a negligent dumbass putting his daughter at serious risk of injury and death. They lock weapons up on every single military post, and don’t allow people to bring weapons on. If that logic made sense, the military folks on post would be the best people to carry weapons everywhere. I’m disgusted with his complete negligence. Have him call whoever he reports to (or you call them) and ask them what they think about his logic to leave the weapons unsecured because it takes too much time to unlock them. Fuck that guy.  Training your children on gun safety and teaching them to fire safely removes the taboo and curiosity factor. It’s probably just as, if not more, effective as any safe or lock. An experienced child doesn’t pick up a weapon wondering what it will do. They know what it can do. My dad taught me to shoot at that age, and I’ve taught my children as well. It’s a great sport when handled responsibly. In fact, by 12 I was competing. It’s not illegal, in fact there are leagues and competitions for youth shooters, and in most states a youth only hunting weekend.  A lot of comments are suggesting that this is an incredibly dangerous and neglectful situation for a 4 year old child to be living in, and that CPS should become involved, but you're washing your hands of your concerns now that it looks like shit is serious. Worth wringing your hands over for your own sprog, but screw your niece and her safety (and that of ANYONE who enters the home, she's far more likely to shoot someone else than herself). Do you think your unbroken gaze upon your child will stop a bullet from ripping through him? The reason people are downvoting you? It's because you're a fucking joke. If you can't say for sure, WHY RISK IT? Would you really trust a 4 year old with a gun? No? Then call CPS before things turn for the worst. You could be saving someone a lot of medical bills, or possibly a life. I'm not refusing to list it, the above comment didn't ask. They just stated that it would matter. The state is Tennessee.  I'm not ok with anyone getting shot but the majority of comments are telling me to mind my business and let them parent. If I was ok with her getting shot I wouldn't make the post.  So you're not okay with your son getting shot, but it's okay if your niece does. Right... Of course it doesn't. Why are you refusing to list what state this is taking place in? I do agree with teaching gun safety but the last time I was there the weapons were not locked at all. Now, that could have changed but because I'm not positive I'm just going to leave it alone. I will make sure my son is not out of my sight in his house but that's it. Thank you for your advice.  Thank you, this is what I was looking for. Basically, mind my own business unless I see something more negligent. I assume the firearms are loaded just by the way he talks about them but your right, I cannot say for sure.  There is no law stating you have to be a certain age to shoot a gun, on that front you should probably just mind your own business. Also state matters, and your opinion of "guns just laying around" is not legally valid. Laws regarding firearms vary wildly from state to state. It also matters if the firearms are loaded or not, if you are not there then you cannot say for sure. Ah, gotcha. I thought you were just saying the entire thing is an issue for CPS. Yeah I agree 4 is nuts, and my father was a jackass for teaching me at 5. What kind of a dumbass gives their equally dumb child a gun before they start kindergarten??? The emergency will be when that little girl tries to put that training to use when no one is looking. He needs locks on those guns, and anymore than two firearms loaded and ready for home security is questionable judgement unless you live in an active war zone or a violent crime hotspot. Even just placing them on a shelf that is way out of reach would be better than nothing. But there is no good reason to have a loaded firearm within reach of a child on a normal basis Not technically legal advise, but teaching proper gun safety and the consequences of using a gun can be greatly beneficial especially in a home with a lot of guns. Teach them as young as you can. Now on the other hand, if your brother is just handing her a gun and telling her to go play this would be straight up negligence. As Wells as leaving a loaded gun laying around without even as much as a trigger lock would also be severe negligence. He doesn't necessarily need a gun safe, but he does need a way to put them up and proper trigger locks on all of them and no ammunition in reach of children.  He said it's fine. They need to have a healthy knowledge of guns to understand them and that they will know they are not to play with.  What did your brother say when you said something to him about it?  Not in the lease. That's what I meant by "access to guns". I was referring to the guns being left unsecured around the house. IMO a child shooting a guy while supervised at a range is not "access to guns" but rather learning to use a gun in a proper manner safely.  The facts of "lying around" matter, too. As does the state.  The child using the guns with supervision, no, not likely an issue for them. But leaving guns lying around unsecured probably is.  Mind your own business.  It's not illegal to let a child use a firearm. Whether it's done safely is of course a factual question. There's a good chance that this is not something CPS would be interested in.  No, but I know it matters what state you're in.  Do you think it matters that he's military?  There are ranges that allow children of all ages to shoot (while I think it's wildly stupid and should be an issue for CPS) so the CPS issue is that she has access to guns that are not secured. If he's taking her to a range or even set one up outside and was actively instructing, this may not be an issue in their eyes, especially if this is in a rural area. I started shooting guns, always attended and instructed, at 5. That makes me shudder, but my father was well versed and eagle eyed. These fucks are not.  How did you lock yours? In a locked safe?  Do you think it matters that he military?  Four is a little young, but my daughter started at five in very controlled settings. She never had access to firearms in the house though, they stayed locked up. As far as I'm aware, there is no federal age at which you attain the ability to shoot and you didn't add your state so there's no way to comment upon your case specifically. As far as them having weapons that are accessable to the child, you need to contact your states division of child services asap.  A child with access to guns is not mind your own business territory. Call CPS.  Call cps 