 I rented a car from Enterprise and upon return, an employee claimed that there was a dent on the back bumper of the car. The day I came in for a rental car, the weather was overcast and snowy. I took a picture of the forecast on that day. I believe that the damages on the car weren't seen since it was gloomy and wet. The employee suggested we take a quick look at the car and go back inside. Then the day I returned the car, the same employee claimed that there was a damage on the car. It's highly unlikely that the damages were caused by me since I only drove the car from Enterprise to my apt and back to Enterprise on the day I returned the car. The rental car was parked in reverse in my apartment complex throughout the duration of my rental period, therefore was no chances of a car hitting the bumper. There was a total of 8 miles on the car (4 miles to my house, 4 miles back to Enterprise). I didn't take a picture of the back of the rental car, but I have pictures of the rental car parked in reverse both on the day I parked it at my apartment complex and the day I drove it back with dates times stamped. However, I do not know if that is enough evidence that I didn't cause the damages. How should I approach this situation? My thoughts are to contact the Branch Manager and tell him my situation, however, I'm also thinking they may claim that under contract, I'm still liable for the damages. What should I do? Did you check with the credit card used for the rental? That is a common benefit.  Check with your own insurance company. I actually paid for Enterprises insurance once before finding out I was already covered through my own.  Unfortunately, if you did not see the damage at the time you picked up the car and have no proof that the damage existed at that time, you will be liable. If you used a credit card that has insurance, take advantage of that. Otherwise, you will need to go through your car insurance or pay for the damage directly. I didn't get the insurance offered by Enterprise. Did you get insurance? Does your credit card offer insurance? You are responsible for any damage to the car when it was returned that was not noted when you picked it up. 