 Hi Reddit, I live with my significant other in NY. My significant other was let go from their job in April and was on unemployment until finding a salaried position that just started in January. Since starting their position there have been some "red flags" and we're hoping someone can speak to their options legally. SO accepted an offer for 50k. SO started their job and has worked almost two weeks without signing any paperwork. I found this strange... On top of this, we recently found out through friends that the 2019 minimum wage for NY had increased to 58k. Last week SO went into Boss's office to speak to Boss about finally signing the paperwork so my significant other could actually get paid -- the boss blew SO off multiple times. SO was going to use this opportunity to speak with their superior about the wage increase but asked the recruiting agency that my SO went through what the protocol was (at the time we didn't even know if the NY minimum wage applied to SO as we had both never heard about this change.) The recruiter ended up contacting my SO's superior about this adjustment and in turn my SO was ambushed by boss and yelled at for "bringing the law into this." Boss guilted my SO for not being committed to the company and was acting super neurotic, yelling at SO in the office area but whispering about the actual details of the talk (legal minimum wage.) The boss said that they can't pay the extra money and doesn't know "what they're going to do with my SO" because they're worried about other employees finding out about the minimum wage change. It also seems like the boss wants to push my SO out of the company quietly because they don't want other employees finding out about this. My SO is really shook because in their eyes they just asked a simple legal question to the recruiting agency thinking they would know more than they do. Now my SO is worried that they're going to be out of a job. All the while since starting SO has been working crazy hours making less than what SO had previously made (position requires lots of seasonal overtime and was hourly before.) Not only this, but boss has seemed really crazy. The Boss doesn't allow anyone listening to music while doing desk work. SO expected to work several weeks without days off, and Boss is apparently paying interns $60 a day. Clearly SO's boss is super worried about the company crumbling because they can't afford to run things given the new minimum wage and is now scared that other employees are going to find out. Here are my questions: Considering SO hasn't signed any paper work and hasn't been paid yet - can SO "quit" aka just leave and not sign anything and still continue receive unemployment benefits? My So has notified Unemployment Agency she is starting a new position so is now "off" unemployment. Should SO be let go from the new company -- what actions can they take? TL;DR \ \ 't signed paper-work yet \ \ -down at my SO \ 't been paid yet, can SO get back on unemployment Thank you for the response. This is the only time I have encountered a company that runs like this but I'm sure this is more common than I realize in her industry. Can you speak to what you would do in this situation?  "overtime rate" be calculated? Annual amount divided by 52 (weeks) divided by 40 (hours) = hourly rate. Hourly rate times 1.5 = overtime rate. USCIS (part of Homeland Security) [Form I-9]() must be completed within three business days of the employee's first day of employment. As disheartening as it must be, it sounds like your SO is working for a company that either has no knowledge of, or no regard for, State and Federal law.  Yes, she'd be entitled to pay at the rate of 1½ times the regular rate of pay for all hours worked in excess of 40 hours in a workweek. Keep in mind this does not apply if they have less than 11 employees.  Okay thank you for the clarification. This would work so that overtime is anything more than 40 hours a week? How would the "overtime rate" be calculated?  $50,800/year is not the minimum wage in NYC. It's the threshold for salary exempt employees. That means that if your significant other makes less than $50,800/yr, she needs to be paid overtime if she works overtime. It's not a "minimum wage", as you put it.  [removed]