 Location is Arizona. I will not identify my friend or his landlord. They now have less than 50 days to get another house or else they get kicked out. That sounds like a heaping load of bullshit to me. It is being sold to prospective new residents. Nobody came over to his house to look at it. No notice. The landlord told my friend's family that he sold the house the day he did it. Nobody came to inspect the house. Nobody came to do repairs on the house, or inform my friend and his family that it was being sold. The landlord took pictures of it some time this week. The landlord claimed those pictures were for "insurance". That also sounds like bullshit. Is this legal or his my friend's landlord a scummy pile of shit? Well, I think he's a scummy pile of shit either way, but is it legal for him to do that?  It's not. The tenants do not need to be notified in this case, and 50 days is actually more notice than the landlord is required to give.  It is legal for a landlord to sell a house that is being rented. No notice is required that the house is for sale. The next question is whether the new owner of the house is required to maintain the lease until it is over. This varies by state law and by the lease. Since your lease is month-to-month, your landlord has given you the appropriate notice and you will be required to leave by the time he gave you. If you stay, you will be evicted, which you really don't want to happen. It will hurt your credit, make it hard to rent future apartments, and cause general misery.  Alright, well thanks anyway.  Okay well if they are month to month tenants then the landlord can ask them to leave with 30 days notice. That is the whole point of month to month, no one is locked into a longer term.  Yes, and yes. Do they have a lease? Is it month to month? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.