 My family is in a financial bind, and we are struggling to make payments on our home, despite all of us working jobs and contributing. However, my mother has cancer and cannot work and might be forced to retire here soon. My family owns a duplex. My aunt and uncle living in one half and my brother, mother and I living in the other half. My mother and Aunt, who are on the deed to the home, are approaching their seventies here soon, has no credit due to - again financial difficulties. Which come from damage to our property from nearby construction which no one ever bothered to take responsibility for. The big IF, this was an option we could aim for, we could attempt to get our feet on the ground financially, repair our home and better our living conditions. My Questions are Is Reverse Mortgage a good option Does Credit play a role in getting qualified Does property condition play a role in getting qualified Will survey material from years ago help at all? if this is an option who should I go to start the process? Goodevening Credit plays a huge portion from the mortgage rate you get to the cost of mortgage insurance if you end up having less than 20% equity Property condition is not that serious An appraisal will need to be done which is all about the property size compared to similar homes that are sold recently in the area A reverse is a decent option Go on a realtor app and search for sold homes near you to see what homes that are similar to your sold for This will be close to the Max value for your home, and for a reverse you may need to keep 25% equity in the home, meaning, if the duplex is worth $200, you can pull out $150k Get with a lender as soon as possible (Try to get with one that is a friend or a friend of a friend) They can normally give you options for free It sounds to me like the best option for your family would be to refinance without pulling out money, putting the equity back into the property You’ll have closing costs to pay but if that takes the mortgage from say $2k a month to $1k a month, that could be huge for your family getting finances organized again In general, a reverse mortgage is never a good choice. It’s just an expensive way to sell your house. If your family is making payments on the house, then you can’t do a reverse mortgage. They only are good for people with significant equity in their homes. If your family is in a bind, look into government assistance. Try refinancing the mortgage for a lower payment. Worst case, sell the house and rent somewhere cheap. Yes credit property condition play a role. You can google Reverse Mortgage lenders, do due diligence when researching. The property doesn’t need to be free clear in order to obtain a reverse mortgage. /r/personalfinance 