 My girlfriend lives in a student housing complex in the city of a large state school. She's had numerous problems with the leasing company, but it's gotten to a point where her living conditions have become potentially dangerous and just downright nasty. GF signed her lease with two other girls for a 4-person unit (would have been GF+2 roommates+random placed roommate). When they showed up on move-in day, one of her friends got placed in a separate unit and the leasing company would not move her; instead, they placed two random girls in her apartment. When she signed the lease she indicated a no-pet preference. One of these random girls showed up with a puppy that she didn't declare to the leasing company. Fast forward to today, she now has a total of three animals. This wouldn't be an issue except (1) GF didn't sign a lease because she didn't intend to live with pets and (2) the roommate who owns the pets is a huge slob--I mean leave plates with food in the sink for a week to ferment kind of slob. She refuses to pick up after her pets so there is a semi-permanent layer of pet hair all over the apartment. Since she is gone most of the day, the pets hang out in the apartment the entire day wrecking the furniture, walking all over the counter where she cooks food. The couches are full of hair and pee/poop/vomit stains that have since dried up--they've become exclusively for the pets since no one is willing to use them from how dirty they are or how bad they smell. Also because the roommate isn't home most of the day, the pets relieve themselves in the apartment--which isn't picked up by the roommate for days, so the apartment smells very strongly like poop form the minute you walk in--there are turds in corners and places that look like they've been there for weeks. She will openly smoke weed in her room and living room even though on numerous occasions my GF has told her she is not comfortable with her doing this. Lastly, the roommate also leaves the door unlocked overnight or when going to bed, and this complex is located in a less-than-amazing area frequented by transients. My GF, her friend and non-pet owner random roommate basically spend their days and nights elsewhere because the apartment is downright disgusting. We've spoken with management numerous times, both in person and through written emails, but they will not do anything. At first, they said if we sent them pictures of the pets they would take care of it, but all they did was fine the roommate and request she remove the pets (lo and behold, pets are still there). Next they asked for more pictures and assured us it would be taken care of and the roommate would be removed from the unit. Finally, they asked us to go into her roommates room and search for "more evidence" of the animals and weed/paraphernalia and then they would take actions to remove her form the unit--my GF refused because this seems like a total invasion of privacy and something that management should be in charge of since all four girls have signed individual leases with the company. My GF has even offered the company to place herself in another unit so they wouldn't have to move the roommate with pets, but they also refuse to do that. One of the people in the front office told me it is because they are under their target number of leases. At this point, I'm worried that GF will get sick from the uncleaned poop or any of the numerous other disgusting conditions and I feel hopeless that management simply seems to not give a shit about the situation. Additionally, my GF signed a lease for the 2019-2020 school year with the same company earlier last year, and obviously seriously regrets it. What can we do? Keep in mind we are broke college students. We will try our school's student legal services but it seems unlikely they will take the case because there are other students also part of the school who live in the apartment. Any and all advice is appreciated greatly.  It also sounds like you're quite frustrated with this situation which is understandable tbh. If making complaints so far hasn't been helpful then I'd recommend escalating. Call the people your gf has been trying and say you'd like to escalate to their supervisor, hopefully you'll get to someone that will actually help. Sounds like a good idea to check out the legal ppl at school, see if there's anything that can be done about breaking the lease maybe. If your gf does get sick document it (with doctor's notes ect.) Because that will give your next complaint good substance. Also if you'd like to vent about this and get more social advice I'd recommend posting on r/relationships. Good luck and hang in there! Well the apartment complex suggested another possibility, but your gf values her shitty roommate's right to privacy over her own health. Not so much excuses as avenues I’ve already tried. Would rather not involve police as they tend to do unpredictable crap but if that’s really the only way then I guess that’s the only way—I just feel like there might be some other way to handle this? Sounds like you have a bunch of excuses. I guess it's not really that important then, I don't know what else to tell you. Room always stays locked. Security camera rn would be something that we can't afford (broke college students). Also weary of getting the police involved because I don't want to blow up the situation between the roommate and her, as it is bad enough as it is. I'm also frankly scared that the cops would get either my GF or the other two roommates in trouble for something they didn't do--just scared of the cops in general if I'm being frank Management sends out people every other week or so to “inspect” and nothing happens. I even helped GF write a letter to the manager, leasing accounts guys, and also the CEO and the president of the company that owns the leasing company, with a hard deadline of “you must take action by x date.” That date is Monday and there has been radio silence since the letter was sent nearly 3 weeks ago and nothing has been done.  It might be. Your gf and the other girls need to be more assertive. They need to lodge a field of complaints over every medium available. They need to demand that a property manager inspect the premises in person. If they won't comply, they should put in maintenance requests, a vague "there's a smell in our unit," will do.  That's good. So call the police on her next time she's smoking pot. Just let the police in when they get there, they'll arrest her. That'll probably be sufficient for the landlord to evict her. Would it even be worth going to them then? AFAIK it is individual leases i.e. each roommate has signed a lease for their room+their bathroom+shared common area. If one of them does not pay for the month, it does not affect the other three.  Are they all on the same lease?  's student legal services but it seems unlikely they will take the case because there are other students also part of the school who live in the apartment. Any and all advice is appreciated greatly. Legal services like that don't typically "take cases". They provide some education, references, and help connect you with a lawyer. It has nothing to do with the fact that the other person is also a student. Many legal issues on campus are between students.