 I was recently fired from my job. I worked in a local chain restaurant for almost 2 years. I was very happy here and making more money than I needed. I had no reason for any ill will or wrongful doings. I had awesome gust responses from the surveys that were available on the computers. Well, at least a dozen of the employees there would dread taking certain tables there knowing it would be a $200 bill and they were not going to tip us. In fact because we were made to tip food runners we would technically have to pay others to take that table when that happened. My co workers would go to a manager and ask for a discount OR for the manager to comp something off of the check (if cash payment) to pocket more of a tip off of this table. I myself, am guilty of this action. But only when it was approved by our superiors. Knowing it was probably wrong, but also knowing it happened regularly and that my managers always did this for other employees. It was made to look like it was okay with them. Other servers took major advantage of this. We have designated log in- numbers that consisted of 7 digits. Our personal log in numbers were DISPLAYED up on the wall right next to our “score” and names to show how we were going with the guests. I caught another male employee logging in under my personal number. I reported this to the managers and of course when confronted he denied being under my name.. a few days later I received a call from my place of employment’s head quarters informing me they’ve been investigating me and the loss prevention department told me if I were to comply with them and agree to what the woman was saying I would be able to possibly keep my job. I told the woman the truth about the occasional comps we use and she refused to believe me and told me it was much more frequently than that. I’ve been accused of causing a major loss in the company and told I have to pay this money back. After catching this person in my screen I am very certain there was foul play as he has threatened me in the past with comments like “You just wait” because of altercations we had. The company is refusing to show me why I owe this money and when this money was allegedly “stolen” by me or any kind of paper trail and told me I had to subpoena it through my lawyer. I have a meeting coming up with him soon but I was looking for just some legal input in the meantime. The man I caught under my name has been giving me trouble from my initial hire in March/ April 2017 when he grabbed my chest. I was 8 months pregnant. His reasoning was that I had poked him in his chest so it was “okay” for him to touch mine. The incident was reported to my general manager where I was reminded he had a family and then asked if I wanted her to fire him. He was never written up or punished in any way for his actions against me. I am mortified by the way I was treated by other employees as well as my boss during the duration my employment there. It was very hostile and my female manger verbally told me she disliked females and clearly favored the male servers/ employees. Is there anything that can be done at this point? I am very upset about all of this and can not believe this is actually going on. I have no kind of arrest record whatsoever. Please help. Thank you.  Absolutely not.  Well it's not really an issue. You did it, that's what they fired you for.  If it's your assertion that another employee contributed to the debt owed, your lawyer will be able to help you address that. Nope. She’s saying within the past couple months. That’s the issue  I'm afraid this was not wrongful termination. You can be fired for virtually any reason /no reason /the wrong reason (short of a protected class which this isn't). Apply for new jobs and unemployment.  A personal one, yes. A legal one, no.  Would you say you've done it 6 or 7 times in 2 years? Because that absolutely adds up to 200 based on what you're describing. Their figure being wrong wouldn't make this wrongful termination though.  Okay but when I caught another employee who has access to manager codes logging in under my name and I’m fired a few days later? That’s a problem  Okay, but to answer the question of whether you were wrongfully terminated from your job, that'd be a no.  The woman is giving me an exact amount of money that was taken saying it was $200 that needs to be “paid back” but there is no way that was anything I’ve done. I admitted to the handful of times in the 2 years I worked there that she was questioning me on but she’s insisting it’s much much more than that.  ...It sounds like you were terminated for stealing from the company... . You don't sound to be denying that you were doing this, just that "everyone else was doing it, too/I did it less than they are claiming I did." 