 Myself and my room mates live in a multi-unit house in an Indiana city that is within city limits. The four units (three people per unit) in our house are connected through two shared entry ways in the front and back of the house that lead outside. On Saturday, we received a large amount of snow and ice that has accumulated on the path leading up to the front of our house, but also on a large sidewalk on the street. This is a very big street in our city that has a lot of foot travel from nearby pedestrians. This afternoon, we received a fine was placed on our door (shared door that all four units share) for not taking care of the ice on the sidewalk in front of our house as it poses as a liability for those using the sidewalk. Is this something that we tenants are responsible for, or is it the responsibility of the landlord? We emailed our landlord and they stated that we tenants are the ones that must take care of issue. If that's true, do all tenants in the shared household have to split the fine? In the lease agreement, it states that "Lessee(s) agrees to be responsible for snow removal from the steps and walkways", but I was wondering if that applies to the sidewalk in front of our house that runs alongside the street. The city municipal code states "Under the [..] Municipal Code, property owners must remove snow and ice from their sidewalks within 24 hours of the accumulation of snow or ice [or face a fine]." I understand that we may be in charge of the ice on the steps and short walkway, but I am unsure about the issue of the sidewalk. Thanks.  NAL but I would suppose the language in your lease and the municipal code might absolve you from any liability in the the result of injury or property damage, but my advice would be just shovel the side walk. We all do it, it sucks, but be a good neighbor. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.