  My name is John and I am in the process of having the mother of my child move out of my house. I live in Ontario, Canada and in need of some legal advice. We have an 11-year-old boy together; however, we were never in a romantic relationship other than as co-parents when she moved into the house with our son 3 years ago. It was a fling that turned in to an unplanned pregnancy. We all use separate rooms while the house, utilities, internet, and car lease are all under my name. Due to her circumstances (financial difficulties and borderline personality disorder), I have financially supported her as well as our son in the past but no longer wish to do so, other than my obligations by the law. She is abusive and is considered the most toxic person in my life as she always uses our son to manipulate me, financially and emotionally. We have discussed her moving out of the house to her own place where it is closer to her work since the spring of last year. However, when she found out that I am now in a relationship with someone else, she decided she is not going to be moving and have gone to the extent of writing abusive emails to me, calling me at work over 100 times, and finally, claiming that she is married to me and that I have cheated on her and abandoned her and our son to everyone around her. I have spoken to her lawyer (a family lawyer) because I have refused to respond to her unless it is through a lawyer. She claims that we are in a common law relationship, therefore she is entitled to spousal support and child support. I disagree that I was ever in a romantic relationship with her other than as co-parents and I have removed myself from the house to avoid her abuse 3 months ago. I am open to an amicable meeting to come to terms regarding child custody, support and such. However, I am not sure how to approach this case: \- Should I get myself a family lawyer or a litigation lawyer? \- Should I get myself different lawyers for different items? \- What kind of rights am I entitled to? \- How can I have her removed from my house without coming off as I’m throwing her out? I need some advice on how to best approach this as I understand it is a complicated matter. Thank you, John We will give legal advise and provide creative legal solutions for our Clients. To avail all the benefits and get perfect outcomes of your problems, get in contact with lawyer.