  My GF is a manager with a guy who assaulted her by following her to her car after work one day, and sending suggestive text to her about doing something to her at work. Her boss is a franchise owner of this fast food quick service and refuses to fire him because neither were on store property. She said if any of it got back to the store it would affect both my GFs job and his. We want to get a restraining order but then my GF wouldn't be able to work and she's been there 3 years and needs the pay. (we've been looking for jobs with close pay but haven't had any luck yet). If that wasn't enough, he tried to take out another employee who is 16 while he is 22. He also just got arrested with another employee because of his drugs. Can her boss actually fire her if the store gets a bad rep because of this guy who makes her so uncomfortable? Can she keep this guy after he's had several compacts against him? Did she tell him straight out to leave her alone too? There is no excuse for harassing a girl ever, but we need to stand up for ourselves too and not only have the message through others. This guy sounds like a creep though IMO, I’m sorry your GF had to go through all this. She might be, but then would have grounds to sue, and the franchiser will be all over the franchisee for making them look bad by doing illegal shit under their good name.  Thank you NAL but it's illegal to fire her for reporting harassment/assault. Unfortunately, that doesn't mean her boss might not still do it. Here's a site with some more information and resources to look into. - -  Thank you so much. we were worried to get the police invloved because her boss was going to fire her if it got out Thank you, we were worried if we got the police involved she would get fired I would keep trying to contact corporate about it and include what the store owner said. She should also report the assault to the police if she hasn't already. Never mind the store manager or the cameras. Did she report the assault to the cops? Her testimony is evidence. Your GF can't get in legal trouble for filling a police report about an assault, assuming she did indeed get assaulted.  It is a long story but in the end I pushed him and he jumped on me and so I hit him after talking to him several times. I regret it and i've apoligized but it did happen that way. I had already spoken to him and asked him to leave her alone after he threatened to rape him and I had talked to him 3 times prior to that, I didn't hit him until he jumped on me the 6th or 7th time i went to talk to him. All in person, I tried to reach out to him via text and facebook but he blocked me. I understand this is why they banned me from coming to the store but i didnt have any intentions to hurt him until i was just pushed to far. Taunting me for never hitting him before and calling me childish for not hitting him. I know I shouldnt have but i just blew up and i really do feel bad and wish things would have happened differently. So, you assaulted him in this story. When she reported to the store owner the owner said that the cameras didnt catch it and its off store property so its pointless and my GF could get in trouble. We have been looking for her another job. And we sent a complaint to corporate but all the complaints go to the store manager first and she gave it to my GF and said if it gets out she could lose her job So we actually filed a complaint but it turns out they just go to the store owner and she jsut told my GF to make sure nothing got out about it happening at the store or my GF could lose her job Unless you're in Montana, she can fired for any legal reason that doesn't discriminate against her race, religion, gender, or national origin, so yes, she could be fired. Did she file a police report over the assault? Best bet is to find another job. You could also notify corporate of the franchisee's actions. That could bring some weight to bear on him.  He pushed her against her car and forced her to kiss her, shes been to work everyday, her boss just wont get rid of him. Here's the entire story. [\_for\_punching\_this\_guy\_in\_the\_face/]() She should contact corporate HR immediately and tell them that she has been sexually harassed by a coworker and then threatened for trying to report it. They will very likely shit upon her boss from a great height. Because what he is doing is going to get him (and potentially them) sued. When you say assaulted does that mean he hit her or raped her? Or did he just follow her a send inappropriate messages? Cuz if he physically assaulted her she can have him arrested. I would think if she isn't going to work because of the guy then her boss probably wouldn't wanna deal with the drama and could fire her. Depending if it's an at-will work state maybe. You should clarify "assaulted" because assaulting someone is doing something you them physically 