 I am currently 14 and my mother and I have papers in to move to the usa, going off the last time we got updated we were around 6 months off until we could come but we believe it will be longer. The thing I am wanting to know is if there is anyway my mum could send me over and live with my grandmother so I can get used to the High school system in America as I don’t want my first year of schooling to be doing important things for college when I haven’t learnt about the school system yet. PLEASE ANY HELP WOULD BE AMAZING!! Is there an argument? You made a point about advanced students, which I had already referred to. If you think this was an “argument” and that I’ve lost it, I’m afraid that you’re incorrect on both points. A conversation with differing viewpoints... does not an argument make. Have a good night and best of luck to you.  but you kept arguing that people dont start school at 13 when they can. All i said is that the typical age is 13-14. This conversation is over. You've clearly lost the argument so just deal with it.  Which is why I specifically wrote average intellect in my original post.  It depends on when you are born. Some kids I went to school with were 13 when they started high school. People do skip classes and advanced faster than others you know.  Correct... you start at 14 and graduate at 18. You do not enter HS at 13.  9th grade is high school 9,10,11,12. the last 4 years of school. No... in the US, you do not start HS (9th grade) when you are 13. The earliest that an (average) student would start is age 14.  No worries. Not going to hold you to anything. The laws seem to change more often these days. Mostly I was just curious why they wouldn’t allow you to figure out where you’d live, jobs and such before immigrating... I won't say anything travel would give you problems, but a student type long term visa gives the appearance of coming here and then transitioning to an immigrant. For the record, I've been retired for 8 years now, so I'm not sure 100% how things work now. Sorry, I see how I worded things poorly and will edit my post for clarification. Yes, you can get a tourist visa if you have an immigration visa pending as long as you can provide sufficient evidence that you will leave the US before your visa expires (which is what I assume your family has done/is doing). What will get you stopped at the point of entry is if the authorities believe that you are likely to violate the conditions of a tourist visa by overstaying, working, studying for credit etc. Because the source had already declared his intent to migrate to the US by filing an application for permanent residency, his request for a tourist visa met with a greater degree of scrutiny. Despite having a return ticket and every intention of returning to the UK, he was denied entry. Little did he know his immigration papers would arrive a week or so later. Having your grandmother become your legal guardian and studying locally, and applying to a student exchange program are two different completely different processes and involve different visas. I doubt either would get you in the US any quicker than what you're currently doing.  We are currently visiting America to see family while on holiday and we didn’t get detained or sent back, we’ve been here for about a month now and are going back tomorrow. Could you explain a little bit better on the source at all?? The former immigration officer is absolutely right. You cannot apply for an permanent immigrant visa, then enter the country on a temporary non-immigrant visa and transition from one to the other. Foreign exchange programs require temporary visas so they're simply not an option here. I know it's tough to hear, but the only thing you can do is be patient and wait till the paperwork you've already submitted comes through. Source: My friend from the UK tried to enter the US on a temporary visa (tourist) while his application for a permanent visa was pending. He was detained at the airport for questioning and sent on the next flight home.  Worse comes to worse, the high schooling system is very juvenile and college may mirror schooling you’re already in. I lived in Germany for a while and my schooling was very similar to how college is in the US. High school seemed like how my younger years in school were. It’s not hard to get acclimated to schooling in the US and, especially in college, there are plenty of people willing to help you adjust. Because high school and college are so different normally here, you’ll be with a bunch of other students in college who are also trying to get acclimated. You’ll do fine, whatever happens :) The biggest thing placing you will be your transcript, and how the school reads the classes you have taken. You may want to ask your current teachers to give you a syllabus for their classes for a guide for the new school. Keep it, with a copy of your transcript in a binder and just collect all classes that could get you credit. If you took language or algebra classes in middle school, go to those teachers for documentation. You may wind up split with some classes with upperclassmen and others with lower. Some classes may not translate well at all, leaving you taking extra, others may require you to take a test to prove your proficiency. That’s where preparing online would help. When the date of your leaving gets closer, see if your current school can help you finish up what you are working on to get as complete a class as possible.  Thank you, would I be able to look for an exchange even if I have papers in to come here? Thank you I will try to do that. I would most likely be going up a year when I come here because of when schools starts in New zealand compared to america so i would be 15 with a lot of 16 year olds if i’m correct. typed wrong in the title sorry could be a typo. But i dont see how this changes much. You typically start HS around 13-14 years old anyways. Gotcha. Makes sense. So any travel to determine location and personal time would need to happen pre-immigration application. The issue would be that you have an immigrant visa pending yet you want to go to the US on a tourist visa, or student visa. If you were to present yourself for admission, assuming you were issued a visa, the inspecting officer would assume you're an intending immigrant, and thus you'd be refused entry and sent back home. I will seek some more details from you. To better understand your case. You can feel free to ring me up at +1 646 666 1906. need to actually understand the matter better.  In the title it says 13, but in the text it says you're 14... Is there any option for a study visa at that age? I know there are high school exchange programs, perhaps that could be an avenue to explore? On a practical note, generally the last two years of high school are the most important for preparing for college (16-18). But if you want to make sure you are on the same page for the curriculum, maybe you can contact the school district and ask if there are any online/home school curriculum available that would help make sure you don't fall behind while you wait for your papers. Look into student exchanges! Are you planning to register for High School classes in order to “acclimate”? Because no, you cannot do that on a tourist visa.  Well I mean he could come here on another visa and then apply for adjustment of status. he would be wading into murky waters though. Do they offer travel visas that would offer some time to acclimate? Just curious  Former Immigration Officer. I'm going to say no. You can't use a nonimmigrant visa as you are intending to immigrate. 