 So I appreciate I'm here to essentially find a loophole for a crime I did indeed commit but I do feel fairly hard done by. I'm almost certain my insurance are going to cancel my car insurance - I have a black box and I did 100mph on a motorway (which in fairness was 4 lanes wide, well lit and had nobody on it because it was late evening) despite it being my last warning, but I didn't actually know it was my last warning as this was on the way back from the airport after a trip to a country with poor internet and they only sent me the email of 'this is your last change' whilst I was away. I did some googling once I realised I was probably going to get cancelled and having to declare that I've had insurance cancelled may ruin my chances of driving again, as a poor student who can't afford to pay double of what I'm currently paying. I'm debating calling my insurance and cancelling my own policy before they do it and technically escape policy cancellation, or is that not how it works? Or would a better idea to be just face the music, and maybe try and beg for mercy and failing that either pay the extra premium or avoid driving? Also, before any of you judge me for being a reckless driver, I am not. I have literally sped 3 times prior to this - once for doing 40 through my town thinking I was invincible (fair enough, but I cleaned my act up once I got warned for it), the next was for thinking I was in a 40 coming off a roundabout and speeding up before literally instantly after I hit 40 realising it was actually a 30 and slowing right back down. They still called me out for it. The most recent was for doing 87 on a downhill stretch of motorway which was about in line with everyone else. I plan to mention that these are very minor crimes to be punished with at least 5 years of being fucked by insurers but I don't hold out a lot of hope for them just letting me off. TL;DR I sped on the way home today with a black box and now they're gonna cancel me. Do I ring them up tomorrow and cancel my own policy to try and avoid having to state cancellation on future insurance applications, or should I maintain honesty and just deal with it? And if I do deal with it, whose the best insurer to go with as a previously cancelled driver?  Or a push bike. You should be honest and deal with it. Then stop speeding and grow up. All your rationalising and excuses won’t help you in the long run. Turns out I got really lucky. I read the email of my final warning and apparently cancellation this way doesn't need to be declared to any subsequent insurer. More importantly though, I've realised I was being a cunt. Can't exactly cry about the fact I was doing 100 on a motorway after having previously sped through various towns etc. So yeah, looks like I got away with it but let this all be a lesson to us that speeding ain't cool C: I know you're looking for some sympathy, but it's not like you're about to get thrown in jail. Your insurance will be more expensive for a while - not the worst thing in the world. And if it's enough to make driving nonviable, there are lots of ways to get around without a full-time car these days. Between transit, biking, Uber, and short-term car rentals, you'll be fine. ESP? Also, fair enough. May have been hoping for some sympathy when I wrote this post but I've only got myself to blame at the end of the day. Hopefully I'll at least learn my lesson this time, maybe it was better to get cancelled and be a safe driver than get away with it and kill myself/someone else later on.  You're actually worse, because you try to rationalize it. None of us have ESP. You'll probably get dumped by your insurance and have to pay out the butt for your unsafe driving practices. If you terminate your insurance before having other insurance, your rates will be just as high. Insurance companies look for that type of sneaky action. Annoyingly for me I only choose to break the law when it's honestly safe to do so rather than the pricks who weave in and out of lanes doing 110 through traffic. Just unlucky for me I happened to consent to constant monitoring of my driving  I've never been caught my the law enforcement, only by my black box. Have read about 10 articles since I started googling it saying it was worth paying the extra few hundred quid to not get one....it's going to cost me thousands over the next few year for having it in the first place That sounds shitty, we speed all the time in the states, rarely get caught. Good luck. I suggest you sell the car and buy a 50cc vespa - much less likely that you'll continue choosing to break the law that way.