 I am OK, USA. I have elected to cover him as a dependent on my insurance through a large company I work for, by declaring ourselves in a Domestic Partnership. By the description in my insurance enrollment stuff, it fit all the checkboxes so I was like “alright, let’s do it.” Keep in mind, I’m 19 and adulthood is a crazy ride and I’m pretty sure I have no idea what I’m doing- but I’m manning this plane so let’s hope it doesn’t crash. I got an email that my employers will need verification of the relationship (which I expected). And I was given a few options on how I’d provide that information. Certificate of Domestic Partnership from a state or local government domestic partnership registry and Proof of Joint Ownership issued within last 6 months. OR notarized affidavit of unregistered Domestic Partnership and Proof of Joint Ownership issued within last 6 months. OR notarized affidavit of unregistered Domestic Partnership and Federal Tax Return within last 2 years (for both of us). OR Certificate of Domestic Partnership from a state or local government domestic partnership registry and Federal Tax Return within last 2 years (for both of us). My boyfriend and I have been together since August 2015, and living together since July 2017. We don’t actively own anything together yet, and don’t have any financial records yet. It’s mostly been young adult off-the-books stuff where we keep our finances ultimately separated but work together to achieve things. I want to establish this legally so that I can cover him with insurance- but I don’t understand what I’d really need to get, and how I’m going to get there. Does anybody know what I have to do get the Domestic Partnership, or if I could even qualify for that at a state level? If I need to give more info, please tell me, I’m just kind of overwhelmed right now I don't believe it's blue cross, but this is good information and I'll look at that affidavit for an example. I know that I use CastLight as the app to manage my healthcare, and Aetna for my dental. CVS CareMark for prescriptions. We don't have a lease yet, as we've lived with family friends for the last year or so. We were going to move into our first home in a couple weeks. He is named the beneficiary on all of my financial agreements, 401k, Life Insurance, etc. He's covered on everything I could manage. I thought about that, but the affidavit I linked specified federal returns, not state. Who am I to know the mind of bureaucracy? 🤷‍♀️ Regarding tax returns, I wonder if this is a holdover in the paperwork from when some states had same sex marriage but the US at the federal level didn’t. Then someone could marry in State 1, file joint taxes in State 1, file separate federal taxes, move to State 2 where their marriage was not recognized, and need to prove their status in State 2.  In many states, domestic partnership (or civil union) is a legal contract that you file with your city or town, much like if you have a civil marriage. I haven’t been able to find if Oklahoma is one of these states or not. But if it is, then you would need to show evidence that you have entered into a legal domestic partnership (or civil union).  If this is Blue Cross, a copy of their affidavit is here: If some other insurer, ask if they have a sample affidavit, or if you can use the Blue Cross one. You aren't establishing a domestic partnership; you're attesting that you two are already in a domestic partnership - basically that you're married in all but name. It's going to be hard to overcome the presumption that you're claiming to be partnered just to get cheaper / better health insurance if you have no commingled finances. You aren't both named on the lease? No financial obligations or assets that you're both on the hook for? Is he named as the beneficiary of your 401(k) / group term life insurance / other employee benefit? Oklahoma doesn't have a domestic partnership provision, so the certificate options won't work. I don't know where they're even going with the requests for tax returns, because the federal government absolutely does not permit joint filing by unmarried domestic partners, and common-law spouses (who would file joint returns) are married, not domestic partners. "Our lives are financially intertwined" is the only provision that could work for you - and your lives do not appear to be financially intertwined.