 So I will keep the story as short as I can. I am just wondering how this could possibly be handled, or if it could. So I am dating this girl now, and a few months before I started seeing her her car was involved in an accident. She was given a ticket for going thru a stop sign and had the blame on her. Her insurance is expensive. She was not really the one driving. They were at a walmart, And her boyfriend at the time backed her car out then gave the keys to another girl, who was his friends girl friend. That girl got my girlfriend out of the car to look for the keys and jumped in the driver seat with the keys she already had, pretending she was gonna help look. She was with a group of "friends" a "boyfriend" and her useless cousin who was in on this plot to let the other girl drive. The girl got into an accident in her car, and they lied to the police about who was driving because the other girl did not have alicense or want to get introuble. Very cowardly i know, But its what happened. I wish she could have been stronger in that situation but i can see how it would happen to a 21 year old girl. espceiclly with people she thought she could trust. If the girl took her car without her permission, how did she end up in the car when it was in the accident? And why would she allow the girl to lie to the cops right in front of her? It sounds like she gave the girl permission to drive the car and regrets it now that an accident occurred. If your question is, "What does she do now?" the answer is to contact her insurance, file a claim, and sue the girl for any damages above and beyond that. First you mention going through a stop sign, then you mention getting in an accident, then you mention lying to the police... Erm, something missing from your story - a police officer isn't going to allow an at fault driver of a technically stolen vehicle to walk away with just a verbal "I'm actually that other person's girlfriend, but I have no id and I don't know that other person's girlfriend's drivers license number and even if I did, I don't match the description of that license, but just give me a ticket and don't worry about any of those pesky details." Your girlfriend is lying to you. So....what is your question?