 My former employer refusing to pay a family member for work they provided. A family member designed the website for my former employer. They did this as a B2B transaction with only emails as evidence and no actual contract since we believed he could be trusted. My former employer is refusing to pay him saying that the job did not meet his specifications, which had never been mentioned in an email. The main problem is the lack of an actual contract and only agreements via email And the fact that my former employer is in California while my cousin is in Florida. Can my cousin take him to small claims court, cross-state? The amount owed is $1,600.00 Thank you! If there is any other information needed please let me know. Pay agrement yes, payment terms no. Work revisions no and satisfaction no. Sorry, employer, In the emails you mention - does it detail specifications that your old employer asked for and does the finished website have those specs as asked? Was there any emails containing payment terms, work revisions, work satisfaction details? Payment agreements? If you have some of this stuff there might be a slight chance otherwise I don’t think your cousin is likely to win in court.  I never said I was part of any business as a partner. Rather as an employee. The website hasn't been launched and is in control by my old employer. My family member completed the project as they had agreed upon. Is your old business partner using the website that was made for them? Not sure who controls the website but if your cousin does - did they take it down once they were told about not getting paid? If it was the business partner who controls it - what did they do with it?  Thank you! Civil is the main distinction from Criminal. Criminal charges are the province of the state, civil charges are brought by citizens. And contract disputes (as this is) are almost unfailingly Civil disputes. This one done a job from one corporation to another. Is it still a civil dispute? Since civil is of the individual. This is kind of the reason one would set up a corporation in the first place. Protect from personal liability.. First, it's not fraud, it's a civil dispute. Second, he will have to sue him in CA, unless they have an office in FL.