 When the place opened this function was disabled as well but she enabled it because she has been severely behind with paying us and thought it would help make us stay. After using it for two weeks she turned off the function without telling us. I'm already planning to go to small claims over the late payments but I'm wondering if I should bring this up as well. I have no idea what you responded to, but I like the cut of your jib. Keep slayin.   The fine your boss got probably wasn't for 'letting people tip' but for not recording the tips you received properly. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Thank you, this was really helpful! Your employer is not required to have the option to tip when customers are paying via credit card (I think this is what you are asking), or otherwise, so long as your employer is paying you at least minimum wage. You can actually file a [wage claim] () to recover unpaid tips, and don't need to go through small claims court for your unpaid wages.  Thank you very much for your answer. Is this a thing where part of the tip pool is paid to the government? or is it paid separately? I suppose I'm mostly frustrated as to why she chose to not allow digital tipping It’s a case of head up ass, sir. I’m afraid it’s terminal with no hope of remission. took your advice; did it work? Go get a fucking personality that doesn’t make others reject you, troll. There are jobs out there right now, go get em  It must be a real hoot to feel so superior and entitled that you think the idea “just get another job” didn’t even occur to him. Did you know, for example, that unemployment figures don’t count a growing section of structurally unemployed. The robots could take all of our jobs and ninety percent of the population could be locked out in the cold starving and within six months the unemployment rate would be zero because that’s how unemployment rates work. But, you know, keep on spouting off when someone is suffering. That’s a totally normal human thing to do. Yeah because she probably neglected to pay employment tax on those tips, which if going through the register there is a record.  Why don’t you just quit and get a better job. We have the lowest unemployment since 1969. I say the same thing to people working shitty jobs waiting for minimum wage to go up. Get out there and better your situation. 