 ^(No real names are used in this post) I live in North Hollywood, CA. My maternal Aunt “Edith”, who lived in Gardena, CA, died in July of 2010. My cousin “Janet” (Edith's niece) is a lawyer and partner at one of the most prestigious law firms in Downtown LA - she handled dispensing the inheritance. At the time the inheritance money was distributed to the heirs, we heirs were given a choice by Janet: 1. We could each receive the full amount of our inheritance, and be responsible for paying any taxes on it ourselves... or... 2. Janet could withhold some of the inheritance money, pay any taxes that might be due, and return to the heirs any money that remained after taxes. We heirs all chose option #2. A year or so after the main inheritance was distributed, Janet called me on the phone. She told me she'd be sending me $10,000 dollars that remained after the taxes, and she would call me in a few days to arrange getting the check to me. That is the last I ever heard from Janet. I have tried to contact her countless times since then, to no avail. Shortly before this Christmas, I had an attorney call Janet for me. Janet told him she'd be happy to send out my check once she got back in her office in the beginning of 2019, and told my attorney to call her back after January 3rd. My attorney has called her multiple times this month, but Janet has not responded to any of his calls or voicemails. Is there ANY way I can get Janet to send me my check? My friend says I should call the head of Janet's law firm and threaten to file a report with the California Bar Association, but I have no idea how wise that is. I am under extreme financial hardship right now, and $10,000 would literally save my life. THANK YOU for any advice or assistance you can offer! [removed] Thank you! The managing partner is like a CEO of a law firm Thank you for the information! I wonder why my cousin would say that, then. As a high powered attorney, you'd think she'd know about estate taxes. Then again, she's not a real estate lawyer.... If the money has been sitting in an interest-bearing account all this time then yes a small amount of tax would have to have been paid by the estate each year on the interest earned. But you said "at the time"... there is no estate tax at either the California or Federal level as long as the value is under a certain amount. In 2010 that was $5 million.  't buy this taxes BS... unless the estate is over $5.6 million there is no estate tax. So the tax thing might be BS, eh? That's what my cousin said the delay was for... she said the income would be taxed. She also told my new attorney that the money had been accruing interest over the years, but she hadn't checked out how much. Thank you for your response! The managing partner, eh? Thanks, I had no idea who to ask for. Will also give the Bar Association a call, thank you very much.  ? If not, maybe that's your first step. Thank you, I have not. This is the first time I've ever received an inheritance (my dad was still alive when we got the initial sum), so I'm afraid all of this is entirely new to me. I didn't even know you could demand an accounting. An excellent opening salvo. OP is entitled to an accounting of the estate and how it has been handled. I also don't buy this taxes BS... unless the estate is over $5.6 million there is no estate tax.