 Back in August, I posted this. =JQZZGV9X sh=958c50f4 Since then, I filed in small claims court for him to return my security deposit. Now, he’s retaliating by suing me (and only me. Not the other 3 planned tenants.) He’s claiming breach of contract and is suing me for $2205. Many statements in his claim are false. For example, he claims he called me to discuss the increase in rent, but I called him. He claims he asked if extra money a month was possible, but he said if we don’t pay it we don’t live there. He literally told us he would refer us to other places down the road. He also claimed that I later informed him I had another place. This is also false. I didn’t have another place, but instead another tenant and I sent a letter stating that we can’t afford the increase and are requesting our security deposit back. He ignored this. What are my options here? I’ll try to get a lawyer but I don’t have a lot of money. Any guidance is greatly appreciated in advance.  He also didn’t contact us each individually. He asked one of us, who then forwarded the message. I then reached out to him asking to honor the contract. Then when I called he said “either you pay it or you don’t live here”.  He suggested we find somewhere else and even said he’d refer us to other properties. We gave him written notice that due to the verbal request for an increase in rent, we can’t afford it and would not be living there. He ignored it.  What happened between him telling you about the increase and you not moving in? Did he agree to release you all from the contract? Did you give him written notice that you would be terminating? Did you try to move in and he refused? We signed a lease for the school year in November 2017 for 2018-2019. In August 2018, with less than three weeks to move in, he said “I need 50$ a month more each (4 tenants) from you or you don’t live here. We never moved in. We requested the deposit back since he broke the contract. He’s suing me claiming that I’m the one that broke it.  So you signed a lease and partway through the landlord tried to increase the rent, which you informed him was not happening, right? Did you then move out? Or why does he need to return your deposit and what is he suing you for? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.