 I’m in NV ticket is in Mississippi. My sister recently got out of jail and was on parole. She violated parole and went to Mississippi, and got a ticket. This was in November. My aunt lives ther, whose address she gave, got a letter in the mail saying I have a warrant. I haven’t been to Mississippi in 10 years. Also since coming back to Nevada she violated parole and is back in jail. What can I do to fight this? I can potentially prove I was in Nevada at the time of the ticket through my employer. I don’t really have money to retain a lawyer right now. Hey OP, not lawyer but law enforcement here. This happens all the time (sadly) and it’s extremely annoying on both ends. Before you go and get an attorney and start spending money on this, get all the information you can most importantly, the date, time, location and officer involved. Then, if you have a specific location (county/town/city) call that sheriff office/police station with your information, explain the situation, the fact she’s violated her parole and is back in prison. If not call the State Patrol/Police The dispatch center will send all that to the officer, normally he’ll then contact you and it shouldn’t be a hard issue to correct.   Consultations are free.  The [Mississippi Bar's lawyer directory]() is probably a good starting place for doing this from NV. Ugh. Because it's just a traffic ticket it should be relatively simple to get dismissed, but you're going to need an attorney in the Mississippi jurisdiction where the warrant was issued. That attorney will get a hearing to quash the warrant, provide evidence of your sister's misrepresentations and your absence from Mississippi, and try to get the ticket dismissed. This does not always go smoothly, but it's the only way to handle it. "It wasn't me" is not an argument you can make from out-of-state by yourself. This will only get worse if you don't handle it now; the next step is suspension of your driver's license in your home state. NAL, but I have an anecdote which might be useful. I work with DoD security clearances. I sent a query regarding a guy's clearance, namely, why didn't he have one? The reply was, he had a bench warrant in Mississippi. He was shocked, and immediately called the courthouse. The 5-year-old warrant was for unpaid traffic/proof of registration/insurance tickets. They were valid tickets, so he paid them, got receipts, and the warrant was dismissed. He got his clearance too, after explaining that he had lived in the town for years and had even renewed his driver's license and registration bare months earlier. Now, that might have been easier for him because it was just a matter of payment and documentation - he managed to do it all from 1000+ miles away. Contesting a ticket might be harder, but a phone call to the courthouse or county clerk's office costs you nothing, and might give you an idea of where to start. The first step is to contact her parole officer to report that she's not only violated parole but gave false identification when speak with police. There will be no way for you to prove it wasn't you without her not getting popped for violating. I would also contact a local attorney and see if they would do a consultation as to what your next steps would be since there is a warrant for you. Of course, you can attempt to get your cousin to do the right thing and fess up now that you are the one with a warrant. I didn't suggest that first because I don't have high hopes that your cousin would actually do that. 