 More a story than asking for advice, but any advice would also be appreciated. "Progressive" Gymnastics (2200 Marcus Ave, New Hyde Park, NY 11402) kicked my brother out of a trial class he had been pre-registered for for 10 days just because he has Down Syndrome, even though we had told them before hand that he did. Just 5 minutes after he got there and started having the time of his life (he's usually not comfortable in such public places but loves American Ninja Warrior and so was really happy to be a part of this Ninja/gymnastics class for kids) the owner told my parents they had to "take him out" because that "wasn't the environment for him." This is discrimination, and it is illegal. While the owner of this "Progressive" Gym might argue that he was removed because of his behavior and not his diagnosis, the fact of the matter is that his behavior (which wasn't even remotely close to being bad enough to constitute removing him in the first place) is a symptom of his diagnosis. Anyone even slightly familiar with Down Syndrome would know that. Saying that he was removed for his behavior and not his diagnosis, therefore, is akin to saying that a blind person is being discriminated against not because they're blind, but because they can't see. This is the law: Federal Law Americans with Disabilities Act, Title III § 36.101 Purpose. The purpose of this part is to implement title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12181), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability by public accommodations and requires places of public accommodation and commercial facilities to be designed, constructed, and altered in compliance with the accessibility standards established by this part § 36.202 Activities. Denial of participation. A public accommodation shall not subject an individual or class of individuals on the basis of a disability or disabilities of such individual or class, directly, or through contractual, licensing, or other arrangements, to a denial of the opportunity of the individual or class to participate in or benefit from the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, or accommodations of a place of public accommodation. Place of public accommodation means a facility operated by a private entity whose operations affect commerce and fall within at least one of the following categories – (9) A park, zoo, amusement park, or other place of recreation; (12) A gymnasium, health spa, bowling alley, golf course, or other place of exercise or recreation. State Law New York State Executive Law § 296(2)(a) provides: It shall be an unlawful discriminatory practice for any person, being the owner, lessee, proprietor, manager, superintendent, agent or employee of any place of public accommodation because of disability ... directly or indirectly, to refuse, withhold from or deny to such person any of the accommodations, advantages, facilities or privileges thereof. Bartman v. Shenker, 786 N.Y.S.2d 696, 699 (Sup. Ct. 2004). New York's definition of “place of public accommodation, resort or amusement” includes “establishments dealing with goods or services of any kind” (see Executive Law, § 292, subd. 9). Such establishments may be guilty of discriminatory practices by simply denying such services to particular individuals, without ever denying those individuals access to any particular place (see Matter of Walston Co. v. New York City Comm. on Human Rights, 342 N.Y.S.2d 459, supra ). U. S. Power Squadrons v. State Human Rights Appeal Bd., 445 N.Y.S.2d 565, 572 (1981), aff'd, 59 N.Y.2d 401 (1983).  't following instructions, at least not immediately. Can you expound on this, exactly? He wasn't following instructions, at least not immediately. But again, keep in mind this was his first time at this place and they kicked him out in 5 minutes. They didn't even try to work with him. And for everyone else asking this question, I implore you to read a little bit about Down Syndrome. I doubt he even understood the instructions he was being given. Also, the coaches (not the owner who kicked him out) were surprised when my parents took my brother out, and even asked why they were leaving. None of his behavior was nearly bad enough to warrant what the owner did.   "Progressive" Gym might argue that he was removed because of his behavior What was the behavior? The statutes and cases listed above apply to private property, as long as it's made generally available to the public. Places like this always fall into that category. Also yes, what you're saying is valid. But again, he was there for 5 minutes and the worst thing he did was he didn't follow instructions perfectly. No one was even close to being hurt or anything. And again, his behavior is a symptom of his condition. We had told them he had Down Syndrome in advance. The Laws listed above require these kinds of places to accommodate all kinds of disabilities, including Down Syndrome.  He was there for less than 5 minutes. I wasn't there myself. According to our mom all he really even got to do was jump through one obstacle. Nothing even remotely dangerous had happened/was happening.  You should probably remove the name of the gym that kind of PII is not really allowed. What exactly did your brother do? Removal due to behavior is completely valid, and that call is usually made by the owner or an authorised agent of the owner, it is after all, private property. A Ninja/gymnastics class leads me to think the kids are really active. Was your brother doing anything that put himself or the other kids at risk of injury?