 Hi all. So I'm in a bit of a situation and had this subreddit recommended to me as the one to ask about my problem. I'm a full-time hourly entry-level of a specific department employee in a factory (i.e. not production). I filed an injury report at work two weeks ago (with the help of one of the production supervisors; I had told my direct supervisor repeatedly that I was injured (he'd known about it for weeks) and he'd told me his hands were tied until I went and got my own doctor's note (He also penalized me on my review for complaining). Decided to ask for help from the production supervisors documenting the injury before I went to a doctor on my own. Came in the next day, HR immediately had me turn around and go to the worker's comp doctor. Was told not to come back in that day after the appt and had the next day off. Worked a normal day Friday (light-duty though). This week, I worked a normal light-duty Monday and Tuesday, was told not to come in Wednesday or Thursday, and was sent home today after being at work for three hours. Supervisor told me today that "while you're rehabbing we're only going to have you work Mondays and Tuesdays". Unless I'm missing something I'm still cleared to work so worker's comp isn't going to pay for those days I'm not working. I don't make a lot. I have no idea how I'd afford a lawyer. But first my direct supervisor tried to end-run around me going through workers' comp even though he knew I was hurt and now I'm being told I, a full-time employee, am going to be working two days a week. I an do 95% of my job while on light duty, and so this feels like retaliation, but I have no idea if hours cut is enough when it's not technically a demotion (or how I'd afford a lawyer at all). I'm the sole breadwinner for my family. I can't live on the pay from two days a week. What the heck do I do here?  Well. Thank you for the info.  No, WC does not And worker's comp doesn't do anything to help with the financial impact of working half one's usual hours unless it's a 'not cleared to work' situation?  Common practice to put an injured/rehabbing employee on light duty and reduce their hours to help with their recuperation. Maybe they're punishing you, maybe they aren't. When you are cleared for regular work load see if things are back to normal. If not you might have grounds for a discrimination complaint but it's not guaranteed