 Back in November, my fiancee and I order a new sectional for our house, we were keen on having it for Christmas, but ended up settling for a January 1st delivery for one that we really liked. To have it fit our space well we had to 'custom order' peice. A week after we ordered it we received a call saying the deliver date was being moved from January 1st to January 22 due to how busy the manufacturer was.... uh ok, I wish they had knkw how busy they were a week ago but sure. Already we were sad to have it so late but at least it would be nice. However today, January 22 , we have heard nothing, so I gave the store a call, and they say "oh someone was supposed to call you, your fabric is kn backorder, we cant deliver it until the end of March or early April, or you can choose another fabric." They said they cannot cancel the order as it is a custom. Now the thing is the fabric was very important to our choice, and we dont wamt to wait another 2 or three months. Is there any options for us? I cant afford to lose the deposit but also dont qant to wait and frankly dont want to deal with this store. Are there any protections for consumers as they have totally failed to meet the terms of their contract on the date? Would Visa be able to help me out? Thank you for your help. I work in the Home Furnishings industry and unfortunately most factories in China (where a large amount of furniture and textile goods are manufactured) are shut down for almost the entire month of February for Chinese New Years, as in most workers at the factories completely clear out to be with family and the factories shutdown so manufacturers, vendors, and occasionally consumers are completely ghosted on the status of their goods. So just to give you an idea of the timeline here; -Order was placed in November, it takes 3-4 weeks for production atleast (sometimes longer to make custom goods) so product should be expected to be finished by Early December. And that is with all the necessary parts and fabrics already made and available. -Shipping takes about a month in total between getting it from the factory to the Chinese port, then on the water, then Canadian port, then to the store, then you. So that gives you the originally estimated mid-January delivery date (they probably added a week or two for cushion) -So if the fabric did run out because of high holiday demand halfway through production it could take 2-3 weeks to have them make more of the custom fabric (if made in house) or have it made at a separate textile factory and shipped there. This places you in that February Chinese New Years zone. -I would bet that your fabric is being made now or in transit to the production factory but will not get there before the shutdown so your item won’t be completed until everything resumes in March. Then add the month or so for transit time and that’s where you get the end of March/Early April timeframe. I know this is a bummer to hear and isn’t going to put a sectional in your living room but sometimes it’s helpful to see the other side of things. I don’t think the store is being untruthful or slacking on the job; these situations happen sometimes and for regular replenishment merchandise the store can order stock in preparation ahead of time to last through the shutdown but it is very difficult to prepare for these kinds of things with custom merchandise. If you love the fabric and sectional you picked out I would sit tight and it will be here before you know it and ask your salesperson if there is anyway that you could get an extra discount off the purchase price- they will be more likely to settle for that than giving you a full refund and getting stuck with one-off custom merchandise that they would have to sell at a discount anyway. Thank you for your reply , unfortunately they have firmly denied the possibility of a refund, but we have something called the consumer protection act in ontario, and it says that if a delivery date is missed by more than 30 days the consumer is entitled to a refund, however I am not sure if this applies to my situation as they claim it is special because it is a 'custom configuration.' The contract is one page and simply states delivery dates subject to change, but I know in my province many contracts are trumped by the law. You asked if there are statutory laws regarding these types of arrangements. Consumer protection act, sale of goods act, visa can definitely help. You can also demand your money back as the product hasn't been delivered and it seems no work was done on it. However check your contract there may be extension of time clauses, deadlines etc. That they could be well within.