 I've read a bunch of similar posts, but none capture my exact situation. I own my 1000 gal LPG tank (buried) in NY. My previous pre-buy contract for the 2017-2018 heating was with Company A. Company B offered us a lower price on a fixed-price contract for this season with no pre-buy commitment. This is a standard contract, but does have a clause stating that we agree to not purchase propane from any other supplier during the 2018-2019 heating season. In September of 2018, we called Company A to inform them that we were switching to a Company B for this season and we would like our remaining account credit refunded to us. Company A sent us our refund check after a few weeks and we thought we were all good. Fast forward a few months to November, and I arrive home to a fill receipt from Company A for over 200 gal at a much higher rate (bill would be coming for over $500). I called Company A to figure out what the deal was, and was told that they have the record of our cancellation, but looks like the person who took that call didn't uncheck the "fill" option on our account and that was why the truck was sent out. I inform her that we have a contract with Company B that states that we cannot pay another supplier for propane, or we will be in breach of contract. She assures me that because this was an accident, Company B will be fine with it and they will just send me a bill at the rate that we have contracted with Company B (totaling \~$330). I, being unsure of what to do here, tell her ok, but I will need to confirm this with Company B. We speak with Company B, and they are definitely not ok with us paying Company A for the delivered propane. They are upset because they have to come back out and do another pressure check. I call Company A back and let them know that Company B is not ok with this, and they tell that we can either pay them, or they can remove the propane from the tank. At this point I'm not sure what my options are. I have heard that it is not legal for them to remove the propane, but I am unsure whether this is true. I'm not trying to get free propane, but I cannot legally pay them, nor am I ok with risking damage to my tank for them to pump propane out. Is this even usable for them? This is their mistake. I'm already shocked at how far this has gone (probably 8 phone calls and 2 hours of our time) over $300 in propane. Is it really worth all this trouble to them, including the terrible experience with a customer that had been with them for 5 years? How do I proceed? IANAL, but I work with propane and own an above ground tank like yours... same thing really, just has legs. What you describe is spot on: a different valve that allows the liquid to be extracted. There is a special valve they can use to remove the liquid. It's there, it SHOULD be on the service riser where they fill the tank, and have a special cap on it. The truck drivers know what to look for, and they have the equipment on their truck to remove liquid. I would go out, open up the lid on your riser, and take pictures of the valves. You can safely remove the plastic caps covering them (don't force them off if they're stuck, but they all twist off on a thread or bayonet) and take pictures of the metal parts of the valves, then close it up. These valves are VERY sturdy and robust.... they would almost have to intentionally damage them. They're made to take the abuse of delivery guys who are hard on the equipment. Worst case, they damage a valve and you have to go after them for that. Presumably your propane tank is installed in compliance with the code and regulations in your area, and if there is a leak you should vacate the area, call the fire department, and follow up with Company A later.... but I just say that out of an abundance of caution, they're not going to bust your valves. Also, you're correct that they COULD pull the gas off and compress it, and many trucks do have a compressor capable of that, but it's probably not plumbed for that... really they just use it to force the liquid in under pressure so they don't have to gravity fill the tank which vents a dangerous amount of propane, and is illegal in most places. Finally, make sure they don't take too much... know what you've got in there and get a ticket from them that shows what they took. Make sure they leave at least 5% in your tank, as anything less often triggers an inspection / pressure test before a new company can fill it. If te tank has % in it, and is at pressure, there's typically no need for reinspection unless it's just company policy on ALL new accounts.  option c: Company A can sue OP for the propane, and explain to a judge why this all happened... I mean, we've seen dumber law suits in this sub.  Thanks. I'm not sure I want to go that extreme yet, but good to know I have that option if I need it. Thanks, this is really helpful. I am definitely going to make sure that they can meter it on the way out so that they can only take what they filled in error. At that time in November, there was already 700+ gallons in the tank. I have no idea how much is in there now. I am not ok with them completely pumping out the tank and "estimating" before restoring what was "mine".  This is where I'm out of my comfort zone. From my limited reading of how a tank works is that there is a fill valve for putting in liquid propane. The liquid settles to the bottom of the tank, and gas settles above. The line that runs to my house carries propane gas, so that valve is on the top of the tank. Pumping to remove requires either removing the gas and compressing/condensing it back to liquid to put on the truck, or using a different valve that allows the liquid to be extracted. I have no idea how accessible this valve is, whether it exists on my tank, or what would happen if this were to be damaged or leak after they pumped it out. That is my concern here. Perhaps it is unwarranted, but that's partially why I'm here.  Not a lawyer. Not in the US. I deliver propane. When we screw up and fill the wrong tank, we eat that cost. It's not worth our time especially over $300. Can it be removed safety? Absolutely. There's fittings on the tank specifically for that. Can they ensure they only take it the 200 gallons they put in? Not without extra time and effort to meter the propane. We've never done it. We evacuate until the tank is empty and estimate how much was in it. Not being a lawyer, they may have some legal standing to recover their propane but the cost is going to far exceed anything they'd recover. I'd recommend getting a cost from Company B to replace their propane for them? They may be entitled to the propane but I don't think they're entitled to enter your property and remove it from your tank unsupervised. I can't just trespass a second time and steal propane out of your tank because I made a mistake. Their mistake is not your issue. I also can't see there being a problem simply paying Company A for the wrong delivery once. Company B has no idea how much you burn and no way of knowing where the propane in the tank came from. You didn't order it so I think you're covered contract wise. It really depends how you want to handle it. You've probably got a good case for not paying them or making them deal with Company B to have the propane recovered on their behalf. You could also just pay the reduced bill, let them know "never again," and move on. Because the previous company had a previous business relationship and authorization to deliver propane,that FTC regulation is NOT applicable. Still, the old propane company can come pick their propane back up or go pound sand. The OP should NOT pay for an item they specifically asked not to be delivered. I'm not sure how that _isn't_ what happened here… I think this law is mostly for companies against the drop shipped product and then back-billed scam not for consumer.  Stick to your guns. Fill errors with cancelled contracts and new home owners and then charging obscene rates seems to happen again and again. File a Fraud complaint with the Attorney General. Last year it was just price gouging they investigated: But other complaints can be filed here:  Q: Can OP keep the propane for free, similar to the federal law that prohibits companies from billing unordered merchandise? “f you receive merchandise that you didn’t order, you have a legal right to keep it as a free gift.” You can probably send them a letter demanding they remove their propane within x amount of time otherwise it becomes abandoned property. But if they do damage anything while doing work that was only necessary because of their incompetence, you have good standing to make them pay for it.  They can either remove it or let you keep it and not charge you for it. Those are their choices.  The tank is designed to hold and dispense propane. It's not going to be damaged by having propane removed. They can totally remove it from the tank, they just don't want to do it. I used to work for a propane company in Illinois. Demand that they come get their gas or they can sue you. Company A have a record of your cancellation. Get that in writing, then tell company A to pound sand. They can't just give you something and then bill you for it.