 I'm in Illinois. I have used google but I can't find clarifying information. I used the search function and there was one post that came up but commenters seemed confused and I don't think they understood the question. I hope it's okay to ask a similar question, hoping for more factual information with clearer understanding. \[ALL NAMES ARE FAKE!\] The issue: I've always wanted to change my middle name. Since I am getting married in two years, I thought this would be a great way to change it. I \do not\ want to make my maiden name my middle name. I want a completely new middle name. So I will go from Eve Willow Muller, to hopefully something like Eve Delaney McAllister. Can I use my marriage certificate to do this? I know in Illinois you don't need a special court order for a marriage name change, and I've seen information and artciles about allowing to put your maiden name as your new middle name. However, I have seen absolutely no information on using your marriage certificate to not only change your last name, but to put in a completely new middle name. I just want to be very clear that this will be allowed and there won't be any problems. This would be very convenient as court-ordered name changed in Illinois is very expensive (not to mention what a hassle it would be to go through one name change, just to have to go through it all over again to change my middle name). The background: In case people were wondering, because sometimes I will talk about changing my middle name and get asked why it matters, no one cares about middle names, it's not worth the hassle, etc. It is to me. Not only was I fully named after a known abuser in my family who also ended up abusing me, but it's also spelled wrong on my birth certificate. Above I used the fake name Eve Willow Muller, but that's not an accurate reflection. A better fake comparison would be Eve Flbt Muller, a moosh up of random, non-phonetical letters. I hate it with a passion and it's not me. Changing my last name is not enough. I need to get rid of this cursed middle name. Is this possible? Can I change to an \all new\ middle name (that is NOT my maiden name) on my marriage certificate? What does the document space look like? Is this legal or will I get in trouble for trying to do this? Well, it is done \via\ marriage certificate I guess I should say. All other name changes requires a court-order and couple hundred dollars for public notification, then you take to SSA, which is a much more expensive, complicated way of doing things. It’s been 7 years, but I believe you can. I’m not positive though, as I just adjusted to a double barrel middle name. You don’t change your name through the marriage certificate though. You take the certified copy of the certificate to the Social Security Administration and fill out some paperwork.