 So this happened 3 days before Christmas, i parked my vehicle in the more empty part of the parking lot for shopping and took my service dog yo bank across street then went back over to shop at target, petsmart and gamestop then having lunch with my mother. I returned to find my car gone, I was not able to track it down right away as I thought it was stolen. Found out someone called it in 7 minutes after I parked and had it towed in less than two hours. The tow company drug my truck in park rather than flatbeding it ruining the transmission. I had to pay fees before they would even show me my vehicle (which releases them from liability in small letters on the receipt) I get in truck a loe and behold I have no park or 5th gear and transmission fluid is dumping out of the bottom of the truck. I take pictures and inform tow company right away, they tell me to take it to dealer to get evaluated, dealer confirmed what I suspected happened and I get in touch with tow yards insurance company. Im pretty sure insurance is going to deny claim. How should I proceed? Truck is $3500 in value and land rover quoted $9000 to repair damage. Should I take to small claims or? Liability waivers don't always work when blatant negligence is involved. And that's what happened here. So don't give up hope.  And that's what I said - the tow itself was valid because you left the premises. But the damage to your vehicle due to the tow should be recoupable. Thing was I wasn’t going after owner, I want damage done to my vehicle covered. To be clear I went to bank then shopped all day at the “ice cream shop” not some where else. I dont think going after Target parking lot owner is really feasible lol.  Thank you so much for your help and great information. Unfortunately they wouldn’t even let me see vehicle until I signed paperwork which apparently had in very small letters that I released liability upon pick up. I was crying at the time so I probably just missed it. When I tried to get information from them they kept changing what type of truck picked up my car and my paperwork as I said has nothing checked and truck number scratched out. And if there is security footage of OP parking and leaving the premises the tow was valid when it was called it. In reality, there was probably a tow truck driver cruising the lot because people do what OP did - park there and then cross the street for the bank and / or whatever else is in the lot across the street. So as soon as OP left the lot he was in violation of the parking policy. That he came back is largely immaterial. Example: You own a ice cream business across the street from a busy venue - a park, a beach, a convention center. People don't get to park in your lot, disappear for half the day, come back and buy a cone from you and call it fair use of the parking policy. The moment you leave the premises you arenin violation and can be towed. Sorry y'all don't like that. If he has receipts from the stores in the mall, he can prove that he was allowed to be there.  I can tell you as a tow truck driver, that this is exactly what happened. I've seen it all too often. What happens is this guy wanted to get it out of that lot in a hurry, so he didn't dollie it. And the damage that you described is spot on for an AWD being towed with wheels on the ground. Any tow truck driver could tell you that, so find one that will write that down for you. Also, their bad paperwork is an issue. Combine that specific type of damage, with bad paperwork, and you have a good chance at getting some money here. I've seen so many tow companies get burned by bad paperwork. They can not prove that they towed this vehicle correctly. Also, because it was a tow away, you did not sign any damage waiver or pre-existing damage waiver. If I were going to move a car with drive wheels on the ground, even 1 foot, I always have a damage waiver signed. This is why doing tow away's can be so risky. Here's the catch. If when you signed the paperwork, they slipped in a pre-existing damage report, not waiver but report, or a paper saying you inspected the car before it was given back to you, your chances of getting them to pay go down. Bad tow companies will do these kinds of things. Most tow companies that have good paperwork can get away with damages, either by denying responsibility, or passing responsibility so someone else has to pay, like their insurance, or the tow driver who towed it and damaged it for example. But just plain bad paperwork, that is what will almost always brings down a tow company in the end. I've seen this happen so many times. Every good tow company has these specific box's to check on their paperwork - dollies, type of truck used, end towed from, AWD FWD RWD FWD. That's a fact. I've seen it so many times. This tow company owner or that tow company owner complaining because they have to pay for a damage. All because some driver didn't check a box. It would be a different matter if it were a police or fire tow, but why you were towed usually doesn't matter in this case since it was a private tow. Sorry to rant, but I think if their insurance denied it, you'd have a good chance in court. This is all just my opinion, based on my experience through the years as a tow truck operator. I am not a lawyer.  So, by going across the street to the bank, you likely technically violated the parking rules even though you came back to shop. The tow itself was likely valid but the damage was not. Then they will have to prove it was towed properly despite not documenting it. Sue them. It was not marked and only had driver number on paperwork and vehicle number was scratched out Doesn't the tow sheet indicate which truck was used to transport your vehicle? I do have certified statement from the Land Rover dealership mechanic stating damage was done by improper towing. Tow yard could not say how vehicle was towed and had no answer. Do you have a statement from a certified mechanic that states what caused the damage? Also the paperwork from the tow showing it was dragged instead of dolled into a flatbed would go a long way. I understand that and am fine with that, I’m a diesel mechanic myself and could repair the vehicle with the money even at the low end value of vehicle. I just want to know if this is enough proof to go to court? Sue them but understand that you're cPped at the value of the vehicle.