 During a summer rain store (happens a lot here) one of the giant umbrellas at the pool area got swept up and damaged my vehicle. It scratched the paint and absolutely destroyed my side view mirror. It's Sunday, so I can't call the office to see what they will say, but does the apartment complex have any fault in this since it was part of the negligence of leaving their property out that damaged my vehicle? My vehicle does have insurance, but I don't want my rates going up or having to pay due to something out of my control. Should I call my insurance company to see what my options are? Thanks for the help! A lot of real good advice so far. I only wanted to add that liability doesn't always have to be a result of negligence. Meaning: based on your explanation of how the damage occurred, whether negligence was involved is very questionable. However, this is why we all buy insurance and this includes the apartment complex. They can't control the weather, of course. But, they are still liable for a lot of what happens on their property, including damage to items they are reasonably expected to be responsible for; negligence or not. Okay awesome. I’ll get my quote and look into taking them to small claims if they refuse to pay. Thank you! The whole point of small claims court is that lawyers aren’t allowed, and the amounts are small amounts. You do have to pay to file (usually something like $50-$100, and can include that in the amount you’re asking for). The complex told me to go through my insurance company. I called GEICO and they said because the cost is probably less than my deductible so they won’t go after the complex. I am going to Ford tomorrow for a quote and then I’ll be taking that to the complex manager. Do I need a lawyer to sue someone in small claims court? Or do I just go? Sorry to sound so stupid, but I’ve never dealt with something like this before. Thank you. Start by asking the complex to pay (show them a quote for how much it costs). If that doesn’t work, ask your car insurance company if they can get the money from the complex so you don’t have to do that work yourself, and if so if your rates will go up. If they can’t do that or your rates will go up, then sue the complex in small claims court.