 Got a letter from our apartment manager. I'm really more curious than anything. I don't want a flood either..but liable for all apartments? Retyped below: Dear Residents, Because of severe freezing weather, water pipes in our community may freeze and burst if all of us do not take immediate action. Please take the following precautions as soon as you read this notice. 1. Please drip all faucets in your apartment. Drip both hot and cold water until temperatures are back in the high 20's to 30's 2. Turn on the heat and leave it at the 60-degree mark or above. Open your closet and cabinet doors to expose plumbing fixtures so that these spaces will be heated. These precautions are essential in order to avoid substantial damage to your apartment from broken pipes. If you have negligently failed to take these precautions, you may be liable for damages to all affected apartments. Thank you for your prompt attention and cooperation. Sincerely, Manager  you may be liable for damages to all affected apartments. The key word is "may". If a court found that you were negligent in not following these instructions, then you could be held liable for the damage to your own apartment and to others which were damaged as a consequence of a pipe burst in your apartment. The apartment management could not hold you responsible or bill you by themselves; they would need to win a lawsuit. In general, a tenant has a duty to not "commit waste" or otherwise allow damage to their apartment due to negligence. Because you have been notified, that strengthens the landlord's position. Now would be a great time to review the scope and effectiveness of your renter's insurance. Non-legal advice: I really, really like it when tenants let me know they are onboard with this kind of preventive measure. I would reply letting them know that you have taken these steps, and ask about any external plumbing fittings associated with your apartment like a patio hose bibb. Yes, if you cause a pipe to burst because you did something like shut your heat off you could be liable for the damage 