 Hi All, I have been living at a rent-controlled LA apartment for over two years now. My first roommate found the place, we signed a lease, but were never furnished a copy of the lease. I asked a couple of times over the course of the first year and never received one (our on-site manager was apparently a bit of a slacker?). It bothered me but not my roommate, so eventually I just gave up, regrettably. Fast forward to a few months ago and we find that the property has been sold and so is under new management. The new management claims that the prior management lost our lease, and so has been pushing us to sign a new one. It has some clauses that I know were not in place when I moved in (e.g. pet rent), thankfully the don't much affect me but I am unsettled by this. On the phone, they have told us that they have some document of ours...I believe they are claiming it is an application from my current roommate, but they claim it is illegible. I have made sure they clarify every thing in the new lease to the best of my ability, and am asking for a copy of this mysterious illegible document. Long story short how sketched out should I be and how can I protect myself? We have not signed the new lease but are sending pressure to do so. There are some other concerns like some work on the building done without adequate notice, and/or done outside of the timeframe outlined in city-approved paperwork they provided to us. Thanks, Reddit-community! Always get an IMMEDIATE copy of the lease. Better yet, if it's written, take a picture of each page, then sign and take a picture of signed page, then ask for an IMMEDIATE copy. Make sure your pictures are actually legible. Even if you don't get a copy, your pictures ARE a copy.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.