 We had our first investment property purchase with tenants and a lease already in place. After a bidding war, increased our earnest money deposit to $15,000. Our lender cant get my tax transcripts because of the shutdown and I can’t pull them myself. Yesterday our contract extension expired and the seller walked away with my entire deposit. It became non refundable after 1/2/19 and by that point it sounded like the government shutdown was about to end and I was told transcripts would begin processing soon. Their Realtor emailed ours and offered the extension because they knew the shutdown was creating problems with getting the tax info. My Realtor thinks they’re walking as a strategic move. Right now there’s no ETA on when loans will process again if they need transcripts. My Realtor said Seller is probably going to pocket the $15K and wait to relist in March when the current tenant's lease expires and the market heats up again. Then he gets my money and he can chose from primary or investment offers. With tenants in house he had to accept an IP offer. We tried rationalizing, offered to put more down if we could get another extension, our realtor offered to cut her commission in half hoping that would entice the sellers. They’ve been brief but firm on their no. We signed the \[contract suggested by our Realtor\]([%20-%20Contract%20of%20Sale%20-%20Regional%20Sales%20Contract%20%28REQ%29%20-%20112.pdf](%20-%20Contract%20of%20Sale%20-%20Regional%20Sales%20Contract%20%28REQ%29%20-%20112.pdf)) (this isn't our exact contract and isn't our Realtor, but it's the same form). It doesn't have a financing contingency in 3C. I understand that the sellers can legally walk away with our money, but this is beyond our control. We can't afford to lose this money. Can we take action against the Realtor or the bank?  To start with they don't get to 'walk and take' your deposit. Your deposit is ONLY disbursed when you both agree to the terms of it, or a court orders that disbursement. You have 30 days to file a protest to the notice of disbursement. You can do it alone, but if you're smart, you'll speak to a real estate attorney. I don't expect great news, but that's who would help you. Someone who does litigation, not just a real estate 'closing attorney' if that's a thing in Maryland. explains what you have to do to protest the distribution. You're not TOTALLY without hope, since your EMD is so large. Earnest money is generally forfeited under the principle of 'liquidated damages'. That means - we all admit that when you screw up a deal, you cost the other party some money. They missed other offers, they paid extra taxes and paid more time on their mortgage, they have to continue marketing the home, etc. Because it's a pain to quantify all of that, contracts often have you stipulate to liquidated damages - you agree that the amount of the deposit is probably close enough to their actual damages that you'll both agree to forfeit the deposit and call it square. But... if you can prove that the deposit far exceeds their actual damages, you may be entitled to the excess. I wouldn't hold my breath for winning it - because most of the time liquidated damage provisions are upheld. But that's the conversation you should have with a real estate attorney before kissing the money entirely goodbye.  Way too trusting of the government to do anything timely. Even if the shutdown ended on 1/2 the chances of your getting the transcripts then were pretty bad because everyone and their mother would be doing the same. I'm not a lawyer but from everything I understand, it sounds like you're shit out of luck because you didn't meet the terms of the contract, regardless of reason, and didn't have any contingencies on the agreed upon contract. Definitely a shit situation you found yourself in, please be more careful with contracts next time. I'd take a stroll too if someone essentially gifted me $15k. You never have to waive anything, but if you do, this is the risk you willingly and voluntarily take in doing so. They probably had to waive the contingency if they were in a bidding war to make their offer more attractive. What did the bank or the realtor do wrong that you feel they owe you damages for? It sounds like you had a chance to back out with your money and decided to risk it and hope the shut down ended. You gambled and lost. The sellers followed the contract The tax transcripts are required though. Your file will be rejected by the underwriter without them.  I didn’t waive the financing contingency until 1/2/19 and the contract extention expired 1/9/19. We had our approval before the end of the year, all we needed were the tax transcripts to be received for the lender to complete the loan and send it to closing. The government said they would begin to process the back transcripts, so we didn’t pull our offer on 1/1/19 because the financing was approved, just the tax transcripts verification was pending. We didn’t lie about our taxes to the lender so this verification was not a concern. We were under the impression the seller was granting another extention but we were too linent about getting the executed addendum because it was a holiday and didn’t seem like the deal was in jeopardy at all.  Why didn't you put a financing contingency into your offer? That's pretty basic stuff and very important, for reasons you learned the hard way. Absent such a contingency, you're likely SOL here. 