 17m, new jersey so what happened: so, in late december 2018, at the end of the assembly, a freshman at my school started screaming. it was for something trivial. some guy had made a joke about said person. anyways, ppl started filming it. the video that my friend got was uploaded to a small youtube channel. to get some more subs, i decided to re-upload it to my channel. i didnt say any names. i titled the video "girl freaks out at school!!! WTF" i didnt put any context or say anything bad about the student. the video was completely objective. it was just the video my friend had filmed. so anyway 28 days later. i get called down to the office. i explain that the video had already been up for the entire world to watch before i even uploaded it and i didnt film the video. he said that it brought negitive attention to the issue. he said that it violates the hib rule. it vaguely did. you would need to be some type of mental gymnist to see how it broke the rule. and that they would need to do some investigation anyway i got suspended along with my friend. we both got the same punishment. i dont see how i would be just as guilty as my friend considering i didnt film it. apparently other kids were also suspended for this which might be bullshit. anyways kids who get into fights and kids who get found with a juul get suspended and i am somehow grouped with them my parents got all mad and took my switch away. they are freaking out. they are saying that they could loose the house. they are also saying that i have no empathy for anyone and that having empathy makes me human. they think they have the moral high ground or something. if only somebody would knock them off their fucking high horse so are the claims that my parents making true? they said that they are contacting their attourney the investigation hasent been concluded yet This is a child, for all intents and purposes. You are totally out of line. Comments removed.  What the hell does that have to do with anything? I don't give a shit how his parents punish him, but you're just flat out giving shitty advice here by confusing administrative law with criminal law, or at least trying to use it to scare OP. You should read the rest of the Wiki article before you cut and paste it.   :16-7.7 under the NJ Anti-Bullying Bill of Rights Act. NJAC 6A:16-7.7 established the procedures and protocol for schools to have in place to address bullying and harassment. OP did not violate the law.  Yes, you're right. Hopefully they give him that Switch back by the weekend so his feelings don't get hurt too bad. Settle down. OP isn't charged with a crime, and this is almost certainly not enough to qualify for a harassment charge. It's a violation of school rules and OP is being punished accordingly.  Take responsibility.  while then is there any way to make things better? Wake up you dummy. You are still holding on to a pipe dream of not getting in trouble for this. Let me spell it out for you: You fucked up. You did wrong. You are going to face repercussions for your actions. Your friend is not more guilty than you. You are both just as guilty, maybe you even moreso because you uploaded it a second time to ensure more views. You uploaded a person having a problem and you did it without their permission. That can be construed as harassment. If the victim has a record of being bullied in school, then this will also be assumed to be another attempt to bully as well. If attention is drawn to the case in the media and your parents' employers decide if reflects negatively on the company, then yes, they can be fired. Stop looking to blame someone else for your screw up. would this situation warrent that though? considering that my friend is more guilty than me, no context was added to the video, no bad intent, no actual motivation, and no knowledge of this person before the uploading it  Well let's look at the claims you say they are making... That sounds about right, especially if you don't understand why this is a big problem and why you were absolutely wrong for getting involved in it.  Yes, it is possible your parents could lose their house because of this. Loss of jobs, spend their money on legal fees, unable to pay mortgage, they lose the home. It could happen depending on specific circumstances.  so could my parents "loose their house"? And some remorse would probably go a long way too...  You are in the wrong. You are as much at fault for uploading the video the second time as your friend was for the first time. You cannot blame the person who recorded the video for your choice to upload it a second time. Depending on your parents careers, negative attention brought to them and subsequently their employeers by your actions could cost them their jobs. Getting an attorney to try and keep you in school for doing this will cost money as well. You showed extremely poor judgment for uploading a video of another person having an apparent emotional breakdown. You also chose to upload the video without the consent of the person who was recorded. You didn't violate HIB rules. You violated HIB LAWS as part of NJAC 6A:16-7.7 under the NJ Anti-Bullying Bill of Rights Act. You clearly have harassed this person by uploading a video of a person having emotional difficulty. You will now have to deal with the consequences of your actions. TL;DR You uploaded the video, it was wrong, you are wrong, sit down, shut up, and take your medicine. Your parents should knock you off your high horse with a big stick. 