 I got an email last week from my landlord saying that because of illegal dumping, they were removing all dumpsters and leaving only a single 'central' trash compactor. Quotes there because it is not central. It's at one end of the park, quite far away. This central trash compactor is across the complex from me, about a quarter mile. Long enough that hauling one or two kitchen bags of garbage, boxes from Amazon, or any other trash would be unreasonable. In other words, to throw away weekly trash, I have to load up smelly, potentially leaky bags into my car, drive 5 minutes up the road, open a massive compactor, then go home. Do I have any recourse? This is a sudden, annoying change and seems highly unreasonable to expect that everyone in the complex begin hauling their trash to one location on the edge of the complex. This is really a long term problem for the property managers/owners. Over time they will start to get bad reviews and a reputation as "nice apartments, but the trash situation sucks" place, and they will start to have a hard time competing against other properties. You can always write an honest review now, especially if you're planning to leave anyways warning prospective new tenants of the trash issue. The owners will have to weigh the cost of loss of revenue from illegal dumping against the loss of market value and tenants. You say the landlord is doing this - does the owner of the property know? Maybe a few honest and critical reviews will get their attention? That's to bad. I was hoping for an easy legal remedy. "Mr landlord so and so section of x code says y about rubbish disposal. " Good thing is im moving out in a few months. Bad thing is, a bunch of people aren't. Im sure some people will think im bitching about a small inconvenience, but I pay a ton in rent a month so that things like this don't happen Ah, I misunderstood and took it to mean you were driving to somewhere else to discard your rubbish. Sorry about that; thanks for clarifying. Your landlord is legally required to provide reasonable facilities to discard garbage due to the size of your unit, but I suspect that what you describe will not be a breach of your lease. There is no legal requirement to make it convenient, and they have an argument against continuing the way it was if residents and others were dumping inappropriate items. It sucks, and I do sympathize with how much of an inconvenience it is to haul your own rubbish more than a short distance. You can reach out to a housing attorney in your area, but I strongly suspect you have no remedy here. Depending on the way the complex is laid out, it could take 5 minutes to drive there. It sometimes takes me 4 minutes to make a left out of my parking lot because of the timing of the lights. A quarter mile is a long-ass way to walk to a dumpster with heavy, smelly trash like cat litter for example. I would be mad too; one of the benefits of living in an apartment is not having to deal with stuff homeowners have to deal with, such as loading up their car with trash to go to the dump. Im driving it because it's uphill, and mid 90s outside recently. In the winter it will be well below freezing for that same walk. It's perfectly fine in the fall or spring if the weather is nice, but completely unreasonable in the weather extremes imo You have to look at your lease. If it does not specify the dumpsters being eliminated, then as long as they provide a way for residents to throw their trash out, it is not a breach on their part. Why are you driving five minutes away (and where?) if there is a compactor in your complex only .25 mile from your unit? You can walk to that easily. It seems to hang on what is considered "appropriate" as far as dumpsters for tenant use: ; http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/5321.04v1