 Hi r/legaladvice, We have rented a 2 bedroom apartment in which 3 of us stay. 1 roommate has his own room and the other room is shared by the other 2 people. I was in the shared room and was traveling for a whole month and so we decided to find a temporary roommate for that 1 month period to makeup for the rent. This new roommate, let's call him M, had lost his wallet at the airport the day he came in and had to freeze his accounts. Since he had just moved in to Seattle from a different state for a job, he needed to travel to office and needed some money which the other roommate, let's call him S, graciously gave. As days went on, M needed some more money as his daughter was sick and since his family was in a different state, he had to pay their rent as well. Long story short, S had loaned M $10500 in cash. When S needed the cash back, M started avoiding him and in a heated argument M even said that he won't pay it back at all. A couple of days later, S noticed that there was a transaction initiated from his bank account that he wasn't aware of. When he checked with the bank, he was told that it was a transaction initiated by M using S' debit card using CASH application. S did not consent for this transaction but it is suspected that M stole the card and sent himself the money from S' card. Now /r/legaladvice, is there anyway we can pursue some legal action? Some points to consider: 1. The entire loan was given in cash in intervals. 2. When S asked for his cash back, M gave him a check for $4K and asked S to take $1.5K from that and return the balance $2.5K. As it would take time for the entire check amount to get deposited, S gave the $2.5K from his account and waited for the check to get deposited. But the check bounced and S had to pay a penalty for that. 3. We feel M commited a crime when he initiated a transaction for $500 without S' consent or knowledge. 4. M recently lost his job and we fear that he may abscond. At this point we really don't know what to do and any advice is appreciated.  The apartment actually has 2 lease owners but they moved to different cities. Since they'd have to break the lease and the lease transfer would again cost money, they have sublet the apartment to us as we personally know both of them. One of them is just an hour away and frequently visits the house over weekends. But he wasn't present when S lent the money to M, so he isn't a potential witness either. If they don’t have a written lease, then they are assumed to be month to month tenants. As long as they pay up rent, it shouldn’t be an issue. We want to get him to payback the loan he took. We also want to evict him and want to know how to go about it. So really then it comes down to what you actually want out of this? Clearly restitution is out of the question since it would seem going to court to get a judgement that he cannot pay is a rather fruitless endeavor. Unless that is, if you want to simply make a point - however I get the feeling that you and your other roommate don't have unlimited funds, so going to court over a principles is hardly advisable. If you could prove that he was the one who attempted to use your roommate's bank card, you could go to the police if the objective is purely punitive. That is fraud. Though in most places it would be a misdemeanor. Really the answer to situations like this is that it super sucks, it is rather unlikely that your roommate is going to see his money back. Thank you for writing back. We were thinking of going to the cops. But here's another question, none of the ones staying in the room are on the lease. Is this going to be a problem? If so, can S enter into the lease now?  Good News: Washington State will honor oral agreements but it will be difficult to prove since it’s not in writing. If you were a witness to the agreement, this may help. Bad News: Unfortunately the amount owed goes beyond small claims limits in Washington. If your friend really wants to collect this loan, he may have to speak to an attorney. Worse case scenario he may have to eat the loss and learn a valuable lesson on why he shouldn’t loan an excessive amount of money. Unfortunately, there are no msgs or emails as most of the agreement was done verbally. When S decided to get a notary done with M regarding the total money owed, M has been absconding ever since then. We know he's very much in town but he has stopped responding to msgs and calls. Yes, it's quite a lot of money to loan out. Most of the agreement was verbal. There are text messages saying that he'll pay the money back but does not specify how much. As M relocated for the job, he didn't get any assets and is living out of his suitcase at the moment. Well this wasn't a smart idea. Are there text messages, emails, anything in writing to back this loan up?  That is quite a bit of money to loan out. Was there any sort of written agreement or recognition that it was a loan? Text messages or emails even? Does M have assets that are worth going after to settle such debts? Ie car etc?