 Hi All - Thanks in advance for reading the feedback. Yesterday night I was in NYC and parked on 14th 7th avenue. After dinner (and surprising paying for it for friends who were visiting from LA) I returned to a different car parked where I was. Immediately called the tow pound and gave my license plate. Low and behold my car was in the pound. $185 later, and after a late Christmas present (ticket on my dashboard of $65) my car door was unlocked in the pound upon visiting. I drive an all wheel drive Subaru and ALWAYS use my parking brake, in addition to lock it up. Both the door was unlocked, and parking brake was in the off position. (I have a dash cam and heard the brake going on when originally parking) After getting on the highway and music off, there was a loud wind noise coming from the left drivers side door. There was never this much road noise, and it's super loud... cold, even with music on. I called the tow pound and asked how they release the parking break, they said either use a master key or enter through the window. They mentioned to visit in person to file a damage claim. Upon coming home - the doors were not flush and you can tell it was jimmied with some sort of tool. There was visible scraping, a tear on the rubber insulation, scratches, and as mentioned the door is physically protruding from the car at a weird angle. Is it legal for someone, even if at the jurisdiction of the NYPD to FORCIBLY ENTER DAMAGE my car without a warrant? Even if breaking parking rules and deserving the tow. Wouldn't it make more sense for them to put the car on a flatbed? I feel violated and lied to. I have personally seen NYPD two drivers towing AWD Subaru’s on two wheels. They’re shady as fuck. NAL but I think that means put a boot on your car. They cannot, for instance, slash your tire to immobilize your car. The 4th amendment protects you against 'unreasonable search and seizure' There is nothing unreasonable about the police accessing an illegally parked vehicle for the purpose of towing it. Furthermore the courts have also found in favor of police departments practice of inventorying the contents of impounded vehicles for the purpose of defending against accusations of theft. Probable cause in never needed in this circumstance.  (9) Immobilization and towing of illegally parked vehicles. (i) Time and manner of immobilization. Any illegally parked vehicle found parked at any time upon any public highway in the City may, by or under the direction of any person authorized by the Commissioner, be immobilized in such manner as to prevent its operation, and thereafter may be removed to a tow pound as provided in these rules; provided, however, that no such vehicle shall be immobilized by any means other than by the use of a device or other mechanism which will cause no damage to such vehicle unless such vehicle is moved while such device or mechanism is in place  Then some form of qualified immunity since you were found in violation and towed legally.  Im sure they do - the question is whether they'd share the footage... :/ Its run by the NYPD Something to consider. So far you’ve not disputed that the citation was valid, so the tow was legal, and expected. There may be the potential of immunity from the city, so the only claim likely would be against the tow company.  Does the business have external cameras? That's why dollies exist. Cameras unfrotunately not hardwired. Only have footage of parking / leaving the facility.  NAL but I think the difference is the search part. They are not search, but trying to prevent subsequent damage. At least they should be. You'll need to look at your state and/or city code for towing enforcement. But it's written in just about every single city and state code I've ever seen, so I'm not sure what you're trying to accomplish with that. Very good, remove the SD card from the camera and replace it with a fresh one to preserve the video of the tow. Did it look inclined? Another can of worms.... the transmissions sounded clanky and off today, and I will be seeing a mechanic to document. Whats different from an officer entering my bag while walking on city property as opposed to my vehicle? Wouldn't the 4th amendment still apply?  Did they not use a flat bed for the AWD? I would take more issue with that as that can damage the system. The tow truck company is allowed to access the vehicle. They're also responsible for any damage, so file a claim like they said. Most tow companies take pictures before a car is towed to document damage. Classic case of ITTT