 So a little backstory. I'm a personal trainer and I was thinking of starting a small online side hustle to bring in some extra income and also to pursue my curiosity of starting a 'small online business'. I decided on writing an ebook / course, that would help busy people with sedentery lifestyles to start exercising and implement healthier nutrition habits over the course of 10 weeks. I'm now in the process of creating an online store, where people would buy the PDF format of it and have a planned out marketing approach through social media. What I'm beyond terrified is that someone might, for example, buy it, read it, start exercising, get injured and then blame it on my book and sue me over it, or choke on a food I recommend in the book and sue me, or anything dumb like this, especially with those crazy american health system bills. I did write several disclaimers in the beginning of the book saying that if they believe they have any problems they should consult with a doctor / physio first and that they're doing this on their own responsibility. I also don't have an LLC yet, since it costs 7500€ to open one here in Slovenia, which is extremely expensive for my financial situation right now. I would really appreciate some legal advice from some of you prose out here for someone in my current situation. How 'safe' is it to release a 10$ ebook in the online world without an LLC? Thanks for the suggestion! Insert a waiver at the beginning of your materials. And practically speaking, no one is going to sue you in Slovenia over a 10$ ebook. Wait, the person has to fly to my country to sue me? I'm sorry if the questions are stupid, but I really have very little knowledge abour law and the legal system when it comes to business, I'm still learning about it. Thanks for the respons though, my mind is now more at ease What you are doing has been done a million times. The chance of someone who bought your $10 ebook and flying to Slovakia to sue you and convince your legal system is slim to 0.001. Put a disclaimer up front and you're good. No one is going to sue. I can find thousands books that do exactly what you want to do and I'd bet 0 of them have been sued.