 I genuinely and sincerely appreciate any who takes the time to read reply to this post. I feel so stuck and screwed over. My LL and I have been going back forth for over a month regarding repairs in my unit. I've lived here for 3.5 years. Here's a timeline to make things easier to understand - there's a lot of pieces to this situation. Early-Dec I sent an email to my apt management company requesting repairs. Their renter's insurance requirement had caused me to take pause at the conditions of my unit. I was concerned that if anything were to happen where I'd need to file a claim, the insurance company would take one look at my unit and deny my claim due to it not being up-to-code. The same day I emailed my landlord, I called my city's fire inspector and asked them to assess my millimeter-thin front door and my unfinished ceiling. On 12/12/18, both the inspector and my landlord came out to assess. During the time since I'd emailed, I'd discovered eight pipes insulated with damaged asbestos in various locations around my apartment. My cat had been chewing on it which made me take note of the insulation, and with the age of my building, I highly suspected it was asbestos. I asked the city inspector his thoughts and he said: "It needs to be placed under a microscope to confirm... but yes... that's asbestos" - my landlord agreed and it was abated on 12/27/18. I think it's important to note that during the abatement/sealing, two of the pipe ends fell off because they were so old and damaged. I'm not the first tenant in this unit - I took over a friend's lease. She'd lived here for 3.5 years as well. She said she took over the lease of the unit's original tenant who'd lived in the unit for 10 years. The front door was also identified as an issue and this past Monday (1/7) was built out to fit fire-code. The 700 sq. ft. of my ceiling is still in violation of fire code with various holes in the drywall even plywood nailed to studs as parts of the ceiling. On 1/4/19, prior to my door being fixed, I emailed my landlord inquiring about ending my lease early to help ease the cost/inconvenience of the remaining repairs - especially the ceiling and it being a huge pain to finish with tenant living in the unit - I have not received a reply. There is an additional on-going issue involving a leak between my city's water main and my building's water meter (my building's water meter and shut-off valve are located in my unit). The leak has been monitored by the city for months - but repairs were reportedly delayed by my landlord (per a conversation with one of the city workers outside of my building). I was informed yesterday (1/11) that on Wed (1/16), a contractor will be jack-hammering a 5-foot long hole in the middle of my living room floor to extend an existing hole. I will have to move all of my belongings from that area. My LL offered no remedy except to have the hole filled with cement and to have the contractor place a poly sheet to help avoid my things being damaged/dirtied by the work. I had to call off work for the day, as I work from home and would be unable to attend any of my scheduled conference calls due to the "extremely loud" work being done. Here's [two photos](http://www.imgur.com/gallery/w9GWHZH) of where the hole will go. The plywood sheet is roughly 3x3ft and covers a dirt hole with the water shut-off valve for my building. I want to get out of this place -- bad. Any help, resources, or referrals would be appreciated.  I think you should probably contact a lawyer. Asbestos and everything else warrants a consult.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.