 Hello legal advice, I rented a car in the middle of the night from a large rental car company at the airport. They didn’t do a walk around with me or give me a sheet to do it myself, in fact they never mentioned it and I didn’t even think about it. I got in my rental and drove away. A full day later I was out and about and noticed a big ding in the rear passenger bumper of the car (where I never see because I get in the other side) and am 100% sure I didn’t back up into anything. It could have possibly been someone hit me in the parking lot and ran away, but I’m not even sure if it is new or old damage to the car. I called the airport office and got no answer at the manger extension and it forwarded me to customer service. Customer service said it’s an issue to be dealt with when I turned it in and nothing that I needed to do or that he could do now. I’m worried they’ll mention nothing on return and make me pay for this 6 months later . What should I do to prevent this. I didn’t get the car insurance they offer.  Okay man so sounds like nothing I can do. But I’ll update you if anything strange happens. Thanks They aren't a court of law. "innocent until proven guilty" doesn't apply. They can hold you to the contract you signed. 3. You can refuse to pay and they may report this on your credit and/or sue you. Hmm so it doesn’t matter if they can’t prove it wasn’t? Aren’t I innocent until proven guilty? Okay let’s say they do charge me. How do I fight it  Exactly. You can't prove the damage wasn't there when you rented the car. The system is stacked against the renter, that's why you have insurance. Hmm good point. But isn’t saying I’d be responsible against new damages? I don’t know if this was there when I got the car.   Except you signed a contract saying you would be responsible.  Chase CC. So if I understand correctly, they only cover the difference after my own insurance is involved. Let’s say they do try to go after me what steps can I take other than argue I never got a walk around. It’s still their word against mine.  You can't do anything to completely eliminate the chance they will go after you for this.