 Quick timeline, and I'll try to keep this both brief and including key details: 1. My mom and uncle inherited a property in a trust from my grandmother. 2. My mom lived there for about three years paying my uncle a certain amount of money for rent. Let's say it's $1000/month (it's in that ballpark). 3. There was a dispute about what to do with the property and resolved in an agreement for my uncle to buy my mom out for some amount (around $100k). This settled recently. 4. After this is all settled my uncle turns around and sues my mom for $100k of back rent. As part of the negotiations for this settlement my uncle raised the issue of back rent owed, which was figured into the final price that was agreed to. But the agreement does not mention it and simply states "pursuant to the terms of this agreement, UNCLE wants to buy, and MOM wants to sell, MOM's interest in the real property as a beneficiary so that the real propety may be distributed in kind from the trust to UNCLE." The rest of the agreement is just details (price, escrow, vacating the property, etc). The suit seems ludicrous. For one thing, the math is wrong -- even if we accept the higher rent price that they are alleging is fair, half of that rent belongs to my mom but they are suing for it in entirety (as if she didn't own half the property during that time). They're also ignoring the amount of rent that was paid. They can't hope to win that full $100k in court. I'm not sure if they can expect to win their half of that money in court. Basically all they're saying is they think the rent should have been higher. But my concern is the buyout agreement didn't explicitly say that my uncle would consider the rent and other expenses settled. How likely is this to go anywhere in court? I know we need to get a lawyer involved but my experience so far is that the lawyer needs a bit of steering. My inclination is to get a lawyer, show up for the hearing, and settle this in court rather than go back and forth with their lawyer racking up lawyer fees over something that we wouldn't expect to lose in court. Thanks for any advice. My mom is a poor, kind old lady who lives in a mobile home that she was able to purchase with the original settlement money.