 So I moved into this student housing place of August 2017. It is a 4x4 and we have separate leases. It's honestly a great apartment for super cheap, the only downside is they throw you in with different roommates whom you never met before. I didn't really like any of them but one in particular has been more than shitty. It's like living with a child, he rarely cleans up after himself and when he does it never lasts. Maybe like a week or two and then goes back to clutter everywhere. Throughout the first full year lease term I asked him multiple times nicely to clean up in the common areas, most of the time he was receptive but like I said above it would last a week or two and then be back to messy. Halfway through the lease he told me was moving out to go back to his home town and I was thrilled, I resigned for another year thinking he was moving out - But of course at the last second he tells me he's resigning after all. I realized asking him nicely wasn't gonna do anything, I needed to get management involved. The lease clearly states that you have to keep it clean and cannot be infringing on the common areas. The whole first lease term I was anxious to talk to management about his uncleanliness because I was concerned he would find out and retaliate and I didn't wanna live with that tension in the house. They assured me that they would not disclose who the complaint was coming from so I started taking pictures of his mess and sending it to them. \--- They sent him a letter warning him to clean up and he was given more than enough opportunities to correct his tidiness. And to repeat: he cleans but it never lasts. So management agreed to send him a fine for lease violation, 3 separate times about it and wouldn't you know it he cleans up but it doesn't last. He's not the sharpest tool in the shed, he has literally zero self-awareness - And so the first two fines I got the impression that he thought it was just management cracking down on cleanliness. I thought great because management would take the heat. Also, he has a dog. During the second lease term he stopped walking it and freely let it piss and shit all over his room with no regard for other people living there. It started to reek of dog urine and so I alerted management. He's just disgusting, he single-handedly ruins the apartment. The couch and chairs are ruined and covered in dog hair, I can't even sit on them anymore. The more complained the less they cared, it was clear by their attitude that they just wanted me to shut up and "deal with it". They said they have gotten a carpet cleaner to come for his room and hallway but I haven't seen one. \--- The third fine was last night, I was in my room with door closed reading and he comes in. I hear him in the hallway cursing me out, obviously convinced that the complaints are coming from me. It was typical child-like behavior, blaming others instead of taking responsibility for the messes he made. He went into his room and was quiet the rest of the night. I haven't seem him all day today and am a little bit anxious to run into him in the apartment. I talked to the leasing manager and asked her if they disclosed that it was me complaining, she said no. I said to her "ok I have asked him nicely to clean up, you've asked him nicely to clean up, you're fining him, nothing is working. At what point can me move forward with eviction?" She gave me an "I don't give a shit" attitude and said something about eviction is a long process. I have been more than patient and he's violating the lease on a weekly basis. She didn't care, she says shes gonna call him tomorrow to get his side of the story and take it from there. How does his side matter at this point? He could give two fucks about obeying the lease end of story. I told her either he goes or I go, I can't keep doing this for 6 more months. She acted like "whatever I don't care." \--- The lease states "You will be liable to us for a reletting charge of 85% of the highest monthly installment during the Lease Contract term) if you: Move out without paying rent in full for the entire Lease Contract term or renewal period". If I have to move out I don't think I should be liable for any early move out fees, I would be having to move because they are essentially refusing to evict this guy. Is there anything I can do to move out without fines or am I just stuck here until August?  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.