 So this just happened. I live in Québec and it's all over the news. I was expecting it. But everywhere in the news they were talking about INSIDE the apartment and I completely understand! But outside too? Thats ridiculous! Don't get me wrong. I'm not a huge pot head. I smoke sometimes when I'm alone at home and want to unwind. I'm not here to smoke in peoples faces and make everyone uncomfortable! I refused to sign it. My landlord is a very old deaf man. That did'nt stop him from trying to get me to sign it. Getting extremely uncomfortable and hot, I kept my end and didn't budge. Is going out in front of the building, on the walkway, a better place for me to smoke my pot? Seriously? WTH! Whats the point of making it legal if I can't even smoke outside and relax in the comfort of my own home? And the governement is putting such emphasis on not smoking and driving. How does that work? I tried to look up my rights as a tenant but have yet to find anything lucrative. Does anyone know if he can throw me out? Ironically, I've just move here not even two weeks ago. Had I known, I might have stayed in my previous apartment where the landlord didn't give a shit.  't smoke anywhere? It defeats the whole purpose. It is federally legal to purchase and consume, however Provinces and even municipalities still have the authority to enact stricter guidelines regarding proper use. Alcohol is legal, however there are still restrictions to being intoxicated in public and "last call" hours where no more beverages can be served.  You're in an apartment so this may not be applicable. But to clarify on this point, many condo HOAs consider private balconies to be private-use common areas and would fall under the common areas definition of the law. So balconies can be prohibited from smoking in some areas. If you read my post it says that i dont want to smoke inside. Only outside. And we cant smoke and drive. Im talking about smoking on my private balcony where my neighbors are on the other side of the building.  Common areas of residential buildings : The Act prohibits the smoking of cannabis in a number of places, including the common areas of residential buildings comprising two or more dwellings, and in the common areas of private seniors’ residences. A closed smoking room where cannabis smoking is permitted may, however, be set up at such locations: Clauses prohibiting cannabis smoking in dwellings Just as for cigarette smoking, lessors will be allowed to include clauses in their new leases to prohibit the smoking of cannabis. Important! Secondary smoke, whether from smoking tobacco or cannabis, can sometimes bother the other occupants of a building. Even if a lessee's lease gives him or her the right to smoke cannabis in the dwelling, the lessee is still required not to disturb the other lessees' enjoyment of the building. It is important to note that this obligation also applies in the case of cannabis used for therapeutic purposes. Any lessee who disturbs the other lessees' enjoyment of the building may be liable to certain recourses by the lessor before the Régie du logement, including, possibly, a recourse for resiliation of the lease. There is no mention of private outdoor balconies.  Go hang out with a buddy who owns their own home and smoke in their backyard or something. Get some edibles once that is legal. Unfortunately smoking cannabis is smelly and it fucks up the interior of a building, and it is not normally allowed to get intoxicated on the streets.  It’s almost like just because there is no criminal law preventing a thing completely there are other laws, rules and contracts that still restrict that thing. Are also alcohol and tobacco use regulations.  smoking cigarettes can be banned in certain outside areas too, like balconies and in front of doors/windows.  Why make it legal if you can't smoke anywhere? It defeats the whole purpose.  I keep reading up on it and everywhere it says it should be treated like smoking cigarettes. I don't see anywhere, where its says i can't smoke outside my apartment. It's so unclear. Even the form provided to the landlords for tanants to sign doesn't say where its allowed or not. Is it permissible to smoke cannabis on the street in Quebec? Most jurisdictions you can't drink wherever you want despite alcohol being legal. I understand Quebec plans to have one of the most restrictive cannabis regimes in Canada. Quebec is allowing landlords to modify existing leases as a result of cannabis legalization. See here about what is allowed and how to respond: []() Contact the Regie if you have further questions. It is probably ok to say "no cannabis on the balcony". However, your landlord has no say over what you do across the street. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.