 If this doesn’t go here, please tell me where it should go and I’ll move it. I am divorced. My 15 yr old daughter wants/needs a passport so she can travel with me. The local courthouse has an office where we can apply for the passport(it’s where I applied for mine). The clerk there told me my ex would have to come sign the paperwork. I told her I had read online that since I have sole custody her father will not need to sign. We researched it and I was correct. Ok. Great. Here is the problem: I was divorced almost 2 yrs ago. My divorce papers state I (full name) have sole custody of my daughter (first middle and last initial ONLY) along with her correct birthdate. That is how they do the custody paperwork here to keep the minor child’s name private. Will I be able to use this decree or will I need to get my lawyer to file for a new paper with my daughters full name where it can be accessed by anyone with the cash to get a copy of my divorce from the archives?  I wouldn't think it would matter because you also need some form of ID showing that your daughter is yours as well. So the divorce decree and the birth certificate should show its the same kid, take the link I provided with you that spells out that the decree granting you sole custody is enough to prove you have sole authority. If she wants to argue point out that the website you are showing her is the US State Department. Yes. But I’m asking will it matter that her name is not spelled out fully. For example, the decree says “(my name) is awarded sole custody of the minor child, S. E. P., born 2/2/2004” instead of “(my name) is awarded sole custody of the minor child, Sarah Emily Parker, born 2/2/2004” instead? (initials, name birthdate have been changed, btw) It is listed right on form DS-11 so maybe you can point that out to them. Otherwise, try a different location and complain to the State Department.  All you need is the divorce decree granting you sole legal custody. "If You have sole legal authority Then You must submit evidence of this with the application. Examples include: Complete court order granting you sole legal custody of the child, such as a divorce decree or other custody order Complete court order specifically permitting you to apply for your child’s passport (photocopy is acceptable) Certified copy of the child's birth certificate listing you as the only parent Certified copy of an adoption decree listing you as the only parent Certified copy of the judicial declaration of incompetence of the parent that cannot appear in person Certified copy of the death certificate of the parent that cannot appear in person" []() Try another office first, maybe you get lucky. Especially since you have sole custody.