 I live in a city neighborhood with mostly families and old people. I don’t really know or talk to any of my neighbors and have never had an issue with any of them. I park only in front of my house and one neighbor’s house for alternate parking in winter (have been parking by their house for years without a word). Someone decided the driver door and handle of my white car was an excellent place to take a leak. It’s been about 0°F around here so I discovered it frozen solid. It’s way too cold for a car wash too. I have no known enemies that I think could have done it. My neighborhood has been vandalized in the past multiple times through other methods such as mass car break-ins/theft, keyed cars, hit and runs, smashed car windows without theft, nails placed under people’s tires, etc. However this is the first time something has happened to me. I can only assume it was a random asshole who did it. Maybe a drunk or something. I’m not sure it was the neighborhood kids because the level of where the pee hit was a bit tall and plus I’ve never heard or seen any bad behavior from them. Should I report this type of vandalism to the police? Could I get them to patrol around here more often? Any recommendations for dash cams that record when the car is off? It wouldn’t hurt to report this to the police. Pragmatically, try to be polite when you do it, so they don’t view you as an annoyance (sucks that this has to be said, but it’s likely an unfortunate reality). Realistically, it’s unlikely that they can do anything about your particular situation, but if you want more of a police presence in your neighborhood, it would probably help to report stuff like this. For dashcam recommendations, maybe try /r/dashcam A porch cam might also interest you, especially if you generally park in view of your front door. If you live in a HOA or something (which Reddit tends to hate, but sometimes they’re useful), I’d let them know. Also, talk to your neighbors, either in person or on the Nextdoor app. If they know more stuff like this is happening, they’re probably more likely to report it when it does, which may lead to more police presence. Lastly, I’m not a lawyer, but what I said is more practical advice than legal. I think you’re probably aware of this, but the chances of you holding the person who did this responsible for it, either in civil or criminal court, are practically zero. This is such a random, low-level "crime" I wouldn't bother the police over it. Even if you found out who did this and could prove it in civil court, for example, there wouldn't be any damages. Do you have a neighborhood watch program or active nextdoor.com community? That would be more worthwhile, IMO.  You can report this to the police or not as you choose. It seems unlikely that they’ll do anything with your report and unlikely it would accomplish anything if they did. 