 Good evening all, My grandmother is dealing with terminal lung cancer, now while she’s is palliative... she still has months ahead of her. She has 12-14 hours of support a day in her home, and I visit at least once a day. 1 worker from 9 to 5 and another 5 to 9-10:30ish. With one relieving the other. Today her worker left early (around 3:30ish) and had a fall around 4:30. The second worker came... discovered her and called me/ambulance. I have confirmed person a today was on a 9-5 shift. We are sitting in the hospital now... going over options, but the only viable options are... a) live with the pain or b) risky surgery to correct it and restore some comfort. The problem with all this is the risk, due to her small stature and weakening lungs. I was told that she may not survive it. At this point I’m furious with the homecare agency who was contracted by our hospital system (MCP) to provide the care. She’s my only blood in the world and I feel that someone being lazy may rob what little time I have left. Apologies for any typo/grammar... still on a SE! Note: I am from Newfoundland, Canada. Thanks everyone.  I’ve already started the process, along with talking to my MHA. I will keep this thread posted, thank you for your time. I have already reached out to a firm, working in IT... I have built up a lot of random contacts... I was told to take care of her first... (of course) and reach out once things are somewhat stable. I have decided to take the surgery option, but I know full well when she goes into that room, she may never come out. No matter what happens I want to just put it all behind me, but the thought of her alone falling when she was suppose to be with someone... stirs up a lot of anger. Thanks for the tip, I will bring up these points when I meet with my lawyer.  I'm so, so sorry your poor grandma is now having to suffer so much more now thanks to that nurse's incompetence and failure in their duty to her. I'd pursue the nursing company or group these nurses work for, lodge a formal complaint and find out if that nurse is formally licenced. If they are you can look into how to file a formal complaint with the nursing licensing board for their failure to provide the care they were scheduled for which directly resulted in the patient in their care suffering a devastating injury that has shortened their life expectancy and caused undue additional pain and suffering. I'd find out if the worker is licensed or not. If they are licensed, you can complain to their board of licensure. If not, I don't think a lot can be done I am sorry to hear about your grandmother’s injury. It was hard for me when my grandmother was injured. First of all, I have never posted on this sub before; please take it with grain of salt. Second: NAL From what I have gathered, you had a nurse who was on duty to take care of your grandmother. Although her shift runs from 9 a.m. - 5p.m., the nurse, instead, left early, around 3-3:30 p.m. And while she was missing from her work, your grandmother fell down and injured herself around 4:30 p.m. It seems like the first nurse, by leaving failed to provide due care. As a nurse, she has to follow standards code of ethics. While she is on duty, she is responsible for providing care for your grandmother. To my understanding, the first nurse should be responsible for her injury; hence, you should contact legal services and see talk about your options. You, also, might look into reporting to the responsible bodily of governance. To my knowledge, in Newfoundland there are three categories of nurses: Registered Nurses - regulate by Association of Registered Nurses of Newfoundland and Labrador (ARNNL) Licensed Practical Nurses - regulated by College of Licensed Practical Nurses of Newfoundland and Labrador (CLPNNL). Nurse Practitioner - Newfoundland and Labrador legislation allows this practice - I don’t have a lot of information about this, sorry. With that in mind, I would look into filing a report with the either RCMP or Royal Newfoundland Constabulary, depending on the jurisdiction. Get in contact with a legal firm, report her to corresponding nurse governance agency for failure to provide care, and contact the MCP and report her as well. Hope this helps; again I am sorry to hear about her injury. I will hope for her speedy recovery. 