 I had a pizza delivered to my house a couple months ago. As the delivery driver was backing out of my driveway, he veered off onto my front yard and into an electrical box, then he drove off like nothing happened. The sheet metal covering came off and is all mangled now. Someone who witnessed the incident came to my house, almost immediately, and told me exactly what had just happened. I then called the Pizza Hut store and spoke with an employee who told me he would find out what happened and get back to me that night... That didn't happen, so the next day I physically went into the store and spoke with a manager and showed her pictures of the damage. She told me she would escalate this to the district manager... About a week later, I find out that never happened either after I filed a complaint with Pizza Hut corporate. After some back and forth with the District Manager and waiting several weeks for a resolution, I received the following email... 'Good afternoon, we have completed our investigation for the allegations based on the information available to us. This email is to inform you that the claim has been denied. We recommend that you contact your insurance company to determine any applicable policy benefits under your policy.' I have no idea what their "investigation" consisted of... I'm assuming they simply asked the delivery driver that damaged my property and fled the scene whether or not he did this... I'm pretty pissed off and more inclined to call a lawyer than my insurance company. A legitimate investigation and an eyewitness account of the incident would prove my claim is valid. I've never taken anyone to court before, but this seems like the kind of situation where one might want to. Any tips and/or guidance would be much appreciated. Typically, electrical boxes in the yard are maintained by the electric company and are not the responsibility of the homeowner. Contact the Electric company, tell them someone ran into the box and damaged it. They will send someone out to see if there is any internal damage that may cause electrical problems. They may or may not repair any cosmetic damage to the box.  I have no idea how much it would cost to fix – most likely under my deductible I would think. If that does happen to be the case, would taking pizza hut to small claims court to make them pay for it be an option? How much is the damage? It could very well be under your deductible and if so, useless to call your insurance as others suggested Thank you! That makes a lot more sense than the route I was considering If you have homeowner's insurance, make a claim with them and they will pursue Pizza Hut. They generally require you to notify them when there is any damage for which a claim \could\ be made. Talk to your insurance company. They can handle this. All this running around after people and court stuff is literally something you pay them to do. 