 I'll try to keep this short but a lot has happened. In June, I was on a horse back ride in a national park. I was an employee of the concessionaire running the ride and the ride was a pre-opening trial run but I did pay ($10). Not even five minutes into the ride, we come across a black bear on the trail with two cubs. There is debate about turning around and doing a different trail or trying to pass. After hazing the bear (scaring it into the tree), we tried to pass. Surprise surprise that was a bad idea. The bear growls and the horses bolt. People are being thrown and I hold on for dear life until my horse comes to a stop 250 feet back the way we came. Ultimately, four people are taken by ambulance to the hospital and the rest of us are allowed to leave (without being checked by paramedics). I went back later to give a statement and that was that. A day later (after the shock wore off) my back started hurting. I couldn't go to town immediately because I worked 40 hour weeks and live 70 miles from nearest town. I went to the doctor and got a note saying I had a slipped disk and pulled muscle in my back AS A RESULT of negligent actions by the wranglers. The wranglers leading the ride have since been fired and are facing legal action. The company running the ride (whom I also worked for) refused to pay my initial bills. They said that since I waited eight days I waited too long and they would not cover my bills. Now I am having to go to the doctor more because my back is still not fixed. I should also mention they failed to have me sign a liability waiver (although everyone else did). Is there anything I can do? I'm exhausted by being in pain and not wanting to go to the doctor because I don't want the bills to keep piling up. maybe i worded it too strongly in the op but the note said it was a slipped disk and a pulled muscle as a result of the horses bolting because of the bears. which it was. back would have been fine otherwise. it was just a normal doctor, not a back specialist or anything but I was prescribed muscle relaxants and pain killers " got a note saying I had a slipped disk and pulled muscle in my back AS A RESULT of negligent actions by the wranglers. " Oh really? Is your doctor a lawyer too? That's not meant to be snarky. A doctor's conclusion that you pulled a muscle recently is one thing, and the doctor may even include that you reported it as from being jostled around on a bolting horse, but a doctor who wasn't there concluding exactly who was negligent is something else, and likely isn't worth the paper it's written on. How did the doctor diagnose a herniated disk? If you are an employee, this would be workers' compensation matter and you cannot sue your employer. If you are not an employee, you would be looking at a lawsuit to prove they were negligent and therefore responsible. You mention that you paid, which makes me wonder if you were not acting as an employee at the time you were injured. I suggest you go to a law firm that handles both personal injury and workers' compensation cases so they can help you figure out whether you have a right to sue. They won't charge for the consultation. 