 We make little to no noise and we think she is just a little too sensitive to apartment living. We are getting noise complaints left and right and if it keeps going we will get kicked out. How can we fight this? We are a quiet couple with two puppies and we watch tv and game most of the time with no guests or anything like that. I’m also a big guy. We’ve spoken to the complex manager and she seems to have no clue what to tell me. Our complex is pet friendly. We provided weight, age, and records when moving in. She reacted by suggesting we leave our dog “somewhere else” when we are in our room. I politely told her our dog is a part of our family and we will not prohibit her from entering our room. I let her now that we don’t let her make too much noise, if she does she goes in the kennel until she is settled down. She let me know that our complex suggested her calling security and having them assess the noise but she claims whenever they come there is none to be heard. Almost like she has to tell them “well they were”  I'll assume the puppies are above-board with your landlord, but if they aren't, please get that taken care of. When you explained your situation, how did she react? She calls landlord. She lives under us. I went down to speak to her about 15 mins ago. I called my wife to ask her to get our puppy to play and get off the bed. The sleep thumps she’s hearing and rolling she claims to here is our dog running to the door or to the bed and the thump is our pup getting off our 2 ft high bed. It’s not a decibel thing I don’t think. As in it’s not like voices or music she hears. She just hears our puppy existing as a puppy in an apartment.  If what you say is true, then the truth is your best defense. Ask your other neighbors if you're too loud, and ask them to speak to your landlord if it comes to it. Informally, this can be as much as a phone call. If it comes to court, you should speak to an attorney about your neighbors if they are willing to help you. If you have a decibel meter that can keep data of noise over time, it wouldn't hurt to start gathering some data on how quiet you actually are. When you say 'noise complaint', is she calling the police or your landlord?