 So first off, I’m in Iowa if that ends up mattering. Had an issue where someone swiped just about the entire passenger side of my car while it was parked in a parking lot. They apparently had a medical issue and their insurance was going to use a “sudden medical event” argument to make it a no fault incident. I’m thinking no big deal, I have my own insurance I’ll just have to eat my deductible. I had a mechanic (not the shop I will eventually get an estimate from) check out my car and they said it was mechanically sound, all of the damage is cosmetic. My car is almost 15 years old and the miles are getting up their so I’m already thinking I’ll just take a payout and drop my car down to liability only and it will just be my commuter for the rest of its usable life. I have an estimate done that put damages at $4700 and they confirm it is only cosmetic damage. The shop was a “preferred shop” for my insurance and the person that did the estimate said they would forward the estimate to my insurance and they would get in touch with me. This is where communication with my own insurance company breaks down. I wait a week and a half and hear nothing from my insurance. I start leaving voice messages for the adjuster I was assigned and get no response. After calling my local agent they are able to get in contact with the adjuster via email. Apparently they said I was set up to have the car repaired even though no contact has been made with me yet. Finally get my adjuster on the phone and I tell them I haven’t been given what my options are. I tell them I would actually just like a payout and then I can fix what I want, when I want. They stated they can only cut a check payable to me and a body shop. I told the adjuster I believe they are incorrect as it is my decision as to whether or not I get repairs done and I have no problem dropping to liability only insurance if they require that (I have heard some insurance companies require that when not making repairs). They said they would talk with their manager. Just got an email from an additional person from my insurance saying that I could take a payout payable to just myself and oh by the way the estimate was adjusted and is now $835 lower than before. Does this sound off to anybody? Any feedback/advice would be greatly appreciated. tl;dr - My car got hit while parked in a parking lot, looks like their insurance won't cover it. My insurance has challenges communicating in a timely fashion and now they want to reduce the estimate their own preferred shop had done by $835 after I say I just want a payout. Looking for advice.  I could see that if they were totaling the car but this is a payout for repairs. I was a bit surprised they didn’t just total the car because the estimator said the estimate came out to 90% of the value of the car. To be clear, they have definitely told me they are not totaling it. Is it depreciation they’re withholding?  Good point but the estimate I was given did not have any rental fees included in it though and we have also never discussed a car rental at any point. Perhaps they are taking rental off since it's not going to be on the shop for repairs