 I am a F-1 Student from Brazil. I've been with my current Girlfriend for the past 2 years and 3 months. We live in California. We are very happy together, and we'd like to get married. I proposed to her a couple of months ago and she said yes; she really wants to. However, she receives certain benefits due to her mom being a Veteran with a disability, and she has voiced her concern for losing such benefits if we put a ring on it, which includes free tuition at any public university in California. She fears she wont receive it anymore for she won't be considered a dependent of her Mom's, even though she is completely financially independent. A friend of ours has said that given our joint income (less than $30,000/year), she might receive good benefits nevertheless. My question is: Is there any way we can get married without she losing her benefits? Or at least, is there any way she might receive comparable benefits if we go through with the wedding? She needs to simply right down what specific benefits she is worried about losing. Then call the appropriate agency that deals with that benefit and ask them. Thank you for the response and the compliment. I have worked very hard to eliminate my accent and develop English proficiency. I think it has paid off. Do you know if this DEAP benefit applies to someone going to a regular University? I don't quite understand what the website means by "Institutional Training".  As someone who certifies compliance on $10 million of VA-guaranteed transactions per month, I can tell you that they are very aggressive with cases of misrepresentation. The reason I say that is because based off of what you said, the mother is potentially receiving additional monthly income by claiming your girlfriend is a dependent. This is some fairly esoteric terminology, so I'll give you the benefit of the doubt that she probably is legally a dependent. Anyone grossing $20k/yr in California would be a stretch to deem financially independent. Now to answer your question, marriage is not a bar to the DEAP education benefit. Unsolicited personal notes: If that is what she is using to hold off on the wedding, it would be something to note. And: Your grasp of the English language, specifically the American vernacular, is phenomenal. I don't think my Portuguese could ever come close. Cheers and good luck. Scroll down to "Other factors to consider" []() Marriage isn't a deal breaker if she qualifies under Plan B.  If she and you will be going to chool for a few more years and your F-1 is good for that period,why rush the marriage? Try /r/immigration. 