 My parents have been going through a custody battle over me (15F) and my brother (12M) since late May/early June. My father abused my mother in almost every way over the course of my childhood and I witnessed a lot of domestic violence. It really messed me up and I never knew it was anything other than normal until recently, so forgive me if this seems disorganized or dramatic. My parents physically separated in September of 2017. My father kicked my mom out and she was homeless for a while, but she got a boyfriend soon after and the two of them got an apartment together in May. She regularly came to visit (unsupervised and not court-ordered in any way, my parents organized it on their own and their marriage was common law so they never technically needed to legally separate. I know, it's complicated) and saw us once a week, regularly keeping contact over the phone. In June, she got emergency custody over us because my dad threatened her and after that, they worked out 50/50 physical custody in court. In August, my father got a girlfriend (not his first since they separated but definitely the longest relationship he'd had since my mom) and the two of them seemed fine. I've dreaded going to my dad's house for almost the entire time since my mom got custody of us. She moved into a bigger place and it's frankly a much better environment. My dad often neglects us and has been physically abusive to me in the past, albeit rarely. I apologize for the long context but I feel like it's important to know. Earlier tonight, my girlfriend was over and we heard my father and his girlfriend fighting. She shouted at him about how he was sleeping around and it seemed to be getting pretty heated, as if it were the middle of the fight rather than the beginning. It reminded me a lot of the way he and my mother used to sound, so I got really scared and my girlfriend recorded two clips of it. One is just of them arguing, and the second was recorded after we began to hear it become physical. It sounded as if she were falling down the stairs, and she was screaming "stop, you're hurting me" over and over. The two recordings only total two minutes (together), but they tell the same story we heard. I called 911 and told the dispatcher what was happening and when the officers showed up, I told them what happened and then overheard the officer I'd talked to telling my dad that his story didn't add up and that parts of it made no sense. He was handcuffed and later arrested. We were taken to the station and actually heard them close the cell door on him. After years of abuse and nobody ever doing a thing, I have to admit, it was pretty surreal. With all of that said, I have a lot of questions. What should I expect next? I know PA is a two-party consent state when it comes to recording things, so will the evidence we collected hold up in court? The girlfriend has marks on her neck and hands, so it isn't the only evidence, and the cops plan on charging him with battery and/or assault (? I'm not sure which but I heard the terms throughout our time at the station and talking to the officers). If he does get charged, how long will he be in prison? Should I worry about being forced to visit or call him while he's there? Overall, I'm pretty shaken and very confused, so I would really like guidance as to what to expect next and any advice that might help me. If he’s already been arrested then the cops got all the evidence they need. I highly doubt your recordings will come up. 