 Hi reddit! It's my first post here so I apologize in advance for the brain-dump and poor grammar. I'm needing advice on costs and process to adopt my 8-year-old brother in law. Backstory: My husband and I have been married for about a year and a half. My in-laws are in their late 60s and both of their health has recently suffered quite a bit. My FIL has a chronic kidney disease and is currently in rehab (for the next few months) due to an emergency amputation while my MIL is undergoing potential diagnosis of dementia. They have an 8 y/o son, my BIL, whom they fostered from birth and adopted about 5 years ago. Current Situation: There's no abuse suspected or DFS case regarding our family, and my in-laws have agreed to give us custody. I spoke with his case worker and she said as long as he is safe and we get custody soon, she isn't worried about opening a case against them. She cannot guide us on legal advice or next steps though, and now we are needing to get the paperwork started. The trouble is that I can't find any resources locally or online for kinship adoption and what costs to prepare for. I don't even know what forms we will need! When I spoke with the county clerk's office, they basically said that I need to find a family attorney and that through a lawyer we will be able to arrange necessary court dates and appointments. His teachers and school are already aware that he is living with us and we've been communicating daily. We are working on getting a copy of his birth certificate to get him on our insurance as well. \WE ARE IN MISSOURI\ 1. What do I ask for when contacting lawyers? I don't know what "service" or even what type of family law this is considered. What should I search for? 2. What costs are reasonable for something like this? I know that there are court fees and that if we do not supply our own lawyers the court will designate one to represent my brother. 3. If they are willing to sign the guardianship/rights to us, are court dates still required? Or just background screenings and inspections with us? My husband and I feel so overwhelmed on where to start and who to ask. 4. Is there some kind of paperwork or extra step we need to get in place to prevent risk of losing him (even temporarily)? TL;DR \- How do my husband and I adopt my 8 y/o brother? In-laws are willing to transfer rights to us, but I need to know how to make this process as easy as possible and what costs to expect.  Southern neighbor here, I went through the legal system to get custody of my little guy a couple of years ago. I haven't fully adopted him yet, but I did get legal custody and permanent guardianship. I was told the attorney fees were around 2k. Then paying for a private homestudy would be another 400-500. This was through tribal court, so most other fees are relatively small. It only cost me about 50.00 to get guardianship. Wish I could offer you more state specific info, but that's how it went for me in ok. Edited. 