 Location: Las Vegas, NV Back in December, I was admitted into a local hospital that was supposed to be In-Network, according to my health insurance provider. I received surgery for a laparoscopic appendectomy, and left on my merry way thinking that my insurance would cover most of my bills. Today, I found out that the hospital and doctors were out of network, and because of that, I'm going to owe over $80K with all my bills combined, with my main hospital bill costing $78K. I'm going to have to pay all of that out-of-pocket. Through consultation of a representative from my insurance provider, she told me I could try to dispute the bill, due to the inaccurate information provided to me on their website. I have no clue if this could be successful or not. I'll have to wait 30-45 days until I get an answer. In general, if anybody could please give me any advice that could make my life easier, whether through advice of monthly payment plans or anything else. I would really appreciate it. I'm freaking out since I know I can't afford this bill and I really need the help. How were you informed that the provider was in-network? All customer service calls should be recorded and if the customer advocate gave you the wrong information then it should be an easy case for them to override it and pay the claim. If the list is on their website or was given to you from them directly with their letterhead, same thing. The insurance company should also be able to contact the provider to let them know that the claim is being investigated and ask them to put a hold on the account so it doesn't affect your credit. Also, was this an emergency procedure ? I feel your pain. I call up Access Health for a cardiologist appointment, they give me a name to call to make appointment, I call and the receptionist tells me unless I need varicose vein surgery the doctor cant be helpful. Its a fiasco at times. But if it was an emergency procedure and in your state, Im thinking it should be at least partially covered. You cant choose you doctors in an emergency situation and an appendicitis is usually an emergency. You may have a negligent misrepresentation claim against your insurer. Find a local litigation / health insurance attorney. I got my health insurance through the ACA since I'm self-employed. What facts do I need to provide? I was advised to take a screenshot of the in-network provider list and to write down the date and times I contacted my insurance.  Contact your state insurance commissioner/department and present the facts to them. If your insurance is provided through your work, contact HR. They usually have more influence with the insurance company than you do.