 Lotta excess fat here but IDK what is legally relevant and I left out alot of details. We are in NJ. So my step mom is retiring. Shes gona have a pension and also has $150k in a tax shelter annuity. My biological dad who is married to her got this idea that they should use all of the tax shelter money to buy a house twice as expensive as the one we currently live. Nobody is recommending this and it seems stupid from all fronts. She said no, probably the first time she has really stood her ground in their 20 year marriage, and my dad lost his mind. 3 weeks ago when the issue first came up, she said she just wanted some professional opinions first. He flipped his shit and verbally/ mentally abused her for 5 days straight because she asked questions and didnt just blindly take his word for it and follow his lead. Not diagnosed but hes very narcissistic. Theres a video where hes screaming at her calling her all kinds of names and when she goes to respond he turns the radio up and yells ," LALALALALALA." just to give you an idea of whats goin on here." Your trash mouth is ruining my marriage." " We are buying this house , PERIOD." On the 5th day my adult brother and I have had it. Tried to appeal to his better angels but hes still on a rampage. We cant listen to him to talk to her like this anymore. Before I get home from work my brother gets in the middle of their argument and said some true things about how my dad is impulsive and that he doesnt have any money because hes shit with money. Well my dad starts verbally abusing my brother now saying he wants to fuck his mom and all types of crazy shit cuz hes jealous of their relationship. My brother and my dad fought and legally it was my brother who instigated the fight( my brother spit at him then my dad charged him) but cops were cool and didnt press charges or arrest anyone. So my Dad is now playing the victim. Takes absolutely zero responsibility for the drama the past week. Days later and now its all about how dad is the victim and he doesnt feel safe around my brother which is ridiculous. Texing us all crazy shit all day and night. I scheduled an appoint with my therapist whos trained to deal with narcissism. He came into the meeting all cool and relaxed. But by the end of the meeting hes completely blown a gasket, yelling , talking over the therapist , screams at storms out saying hes gona go be baptized on the beach. So we come home later after the meeting to find he took a bunch of his stuff and ran away with the 2 dogs to his boat at the marina. 1 of the dogs is not his. The next day hes pounding on my bedroom door early in the morning demanding that I quit my job and leave all my stuff behind and hes gona take care of me ( im 30 years old) cuz hes gotta a job for me to be a missionary. I called the cops cuz hes talking crazy . He had the 2 dogs in the his car with him and they looked traumatized. I was able to get the one dog but not the other and the cops watched him leave. His motor skills are fine buts hes just acting crazy The next morning a state trooper shows up at our house saying that we need to go down to the police station near the marina cuz dads in the hospital and the cops have our dog. So durring the next 2 days we go to the hospital to visit him, try to get his keys to the boat and his car to make sure everything is locked up and safe. This is where it gets crazy and we are still trying to piece together what happened. But this is what iv been able to piece together. Dad is pissing people off at the marina, starting shit with people, has our dog in the marina pool. Hes trying to lock people out of the pool. He ends up calling the cops cuz he didnt feel safe and when they left he called the state troopers. They tried to get him in an ambulance cuz he wasnt acting right ( we inspected his boat there is alcohol everywhere his car is parked 5 feet away from the curb). He ends up goin to the hospital where they sedated him because he was acting " bizarre" (doctors words), And were afraid he was gona seize and he did end up having a seizure. But other then the seizure they dont know what was wrong with him. I talked to him a bit he was happy to see me and groggy from the sedation but kept saying how everyone at the marina was giving him shit attacking him, he said something about "taking someone out," the state troopers were , " his boys," he wanted to create a safe space for his family, and was telling my brother to quit his job again. Hes gettin aggressive with the nurses and wants to leave, I made it clear to the staff that he desperately needs a psych evaluation but as of now we are still waiting for it. My stepmom is afraid hes gona spend all of their money and Isnt sure if hes even mentally fit to sign a divorce contract. He has bills at the house he has to pay and shes worried about that too. Someone called today pissed cuz he committed to buying a 150k house boat. He might have a gun somewhere but we cant find it and its possible its not registered but we honestly dont know. We are thinking we need a restraining order but his name is on the house too. Any advice would be great. As others have noted, make sure he's evaluated--but both mentally and physically--for both his sake and yours. Odd behavior out of the blue, with no prior history of mental illness could be disease. There are a lot of things that can cause dementia (alcoholism, concussions, strokes, etc...) and your experience scarily mirrors mine. If he does have something going on and can be judged incompetent, you will be able to petition for POA and have your mother slowly take over the finances, etc.. It could be alcohol, it also might not be. This is a hard situation, because he's violent and it might seem easier to cut him off. Please do not abandon him until you have real answers (e.g. what is causing this behavior) and can navigate the medical side of this. Talk to a lawyer asap. The family can apply for restraining orders and you or the police can ask for a firearms restraining order, aka a red flag order, to have his guns removed and prevent him from purchasing more guns. Yes they need to be aware so they can treat the withdrawal symptoms. My dad needed adivan every time he got admitted or the withdrawal would likely kill him. Also, you should know that if he is given a psychiatric hold (typically 72 hours), very few hospitals will keep him longer than that, because the standard is "active danger" to themselves or others. This means they were actually attempting suicide or physically assaulting people (like your brother...) But once they are no longer doing those things, if they want to leave and are considered stable (not trying to kill themselves or anyone else at time of discharge), the hospital will let them go. Acting "bizarre", while obviously concerning to you for other reasons, will not keep him in a psych unit. There are too many people who need care and too few beds, and involuntary commitment has a very high bar for a reason. So expect him to be released even if he gets that eval. Also also, because of HIPAA, his treatment team cannot discuss his diagnosis or treatment with anyone unless he signs a paper authorizing him to do so. Not even a spouse or child. People being people, the doctors may tell you or hint to you about his case, but legally they should not unless he authorizes them to. Not legal advice, and obviously I'm not a medical professional treating your father, but given the evidence of heavy drinking you found and the seizure, it is likely he's alcohol dependent; seizures are one symptom of withdrawal. It's a good thing he's under medical supervision (for a lot of reasons), because alcoholic withdrawal can be fatal. A lot of times alcoholism/substance abuse is co-morbid with other psychiatric issues, which sounds like what's going on here. Iv been doin my best to hammer that point home to the nurses and doctors. Gona let them know about the weapon too You need to get him psychiatrically evaluated before he is released, and tell the doctors at the hospital you believe he has access to a gun. He sounds manic and unstable.