 Posting this on behalf of my girlfriend - She worked for a smaller car dealership in Connecticut for about 8 months in 2018. She just received a letter from the car dealership stating that she owes them money. Over the time she had been working there, the company was only taking out 1% of the CT state sales tax rather than the 5% tax. This has effected everyone who has worked there throughout 2018. Is there anything she can do? Does the employer have to take any responsibility or faults in this?  She’ll have to pay it. That’s why we get statements with paychecks, to double check the deductions.  It's always the employee's responsibility to pay the full amount of their taxes, but especially where we're at the end of the year that would be done when she files her personal income taxes. She wouldn't give that money to the former employer. If they were remitting more than they were withholding from checks all year then they're fucking stupid and should fire anyone who's doing their accounting immediately. I'm not sure what legal grounds they would have if any to recoup that money from current or former employees though. Ok....so when she files her taxes she just pays the difference between her tax burden and what was actually withheld. What's the problem? Employer made the mistake but she cant avoid taxes. She has to pay taxes on everything she earned. Theres no avoiding that. She may be able to call the state and set up a payment plan. What state is this in? Obligatory not a lawyer. If they withheld and remitted to the state a smaller percentage than they should have, it means she may owe money to the state when she does her taxes, but I don't see why she would give the dealership that money. If they were only withholding 1% from her but paying the state an amount of 5% then they're stupid as fuck and have absolutely no accounting controls, not even a simple QuickBooks. If they did they would have noticed their tax payments didn't match the collections from the checks every pay period pretty quickly if anyone alive was doing the payroll. If they were using a payroll company then the payroll company would have only collected what was withheld and their quarterly returns would have reflected the same, leading us back to where your girlfriend may owe some shekels when filing her taxes this year, but she doesn't owe her previous employer shit.  Unfortunately, the employee is responsible for knowing how much should be deducted. Whether she pays them back or not, it will all even out when she files her taxes. The dealership definitely isn’t going to pay her taxes for her due to an error.  I meant the state taxes that come out of your check, not sales tax. That was my bad!  My apologies, I meant just the regular state tax that comes out of your check If she worked on commission then they were giving her too high of one if based on after tax value of the sale. But I agree that it's their screw up and shouldn't affect OPs gf. What does sales tax have to do with her paycheck? Why would they be charging her sales tax on her income?