 So the main part of the story Is my half brother (who my father has primary custody of) came home from school and couldn’t find my dad. He called his mother and she came to get him. She made no attempt to look for him or notify anyone. Just took my brother and went to her place and assumed he ran off which is completely out of character. From January 15th to the 24th she didn’t file a police report, did not tell any family and did not try to look for him. On the 24th my grandma found out (only because she needed a babysitter) and told my ex step mom to call the police (she said she would) and later my grandma called to make sure she would (she didn’t call police) my grandma immediately filed a missing person report, and police found him almost immediately (he was in upstairs apartment that him and my brother were moving into, ex step mom knew about this). Time of death revealed that he had been dead for 7-8 hours and that COD was he went into diabetic shock. He was alive upstairs unable to move for 9 days and slowly died. nobody knew because my ex step mom didn’t tell anyone or look for anything. Are there any laws this breaks or repercussions she can face for failing to do anything?  It doesn't look like she had any legal obligation to find out what happened. Morally, ethically? not the topics of this sub. Sorry for you loss, one that seems to have been preventable. Ok thanks for your answer  Thank you  She thought he ran off. She had no reason to go look for him because she had her answer. Try not to blame her for this. She didn't do anything wrong and isn't responsible for checking up on her ex and his private life. If she was right and stuck her nose in his business, that could have caused trouble, too. Especially calling the police on him. It could look like she was being petty. I know I would hesitate to get involved if I thought my ex might have run off, let alone call the police on him. These kinds of things are delicate situations and seem to work the best in the child's interest when everyone stays in their own lane. Im sorry about your father, though.  She had no responsibility to look for a full-grown adult only to care for the child 