 This may be long but bare with me. I'm not sure how much of my daughter's mother's and I's past is relevant to the eventual outcome of our future meeting with the Attorney General so I will provide it all as briefly as possible. My daughter's mom (let's call her Mary) and I met when she was in the Army Reserves. Shortly after meeting I started trafficking marijuana across interstate lines. Mary accompanied me on the trips out of state to secure and transport the pot, eventually 'dropping out' or just not showing up for reserves training, etcetera. We did this for around two years and I eventually fell pretty hard into drugs. She stayed with me through this time even though I had broken up with her and asked her to leave. She was not a part of my eventual recovery, only, someone who's self worth is tied to the individual she is currently dating. I eventually began to get clean and Mary at that time became pregnant. Shortly after she became pregnant I was arrested with a fair amount of pot and hash. The lifestyle that her and I were used to came to a grinding halt and at that time she decided to leave to go back to her family in another state. As I was going through court proceedings my daughter was born in her mother's home state. When my daughter was born Mary did not put me on the birth certificate and this has caused me many heartaches since. Mary brought our daughter back to 'my' state so I could see her and be in her life. Not long after this I was sentenced to incarceration for around two years with ten years of probation after release. My daughter moved back to her mother's state and lived with here for most of the time during my incarceration except when my daughter was brought back down to stay with my family for around six months. So all in all at this point my daughter has spent around a year with her mother and almost a year with me and my family. When I was released from incarceration all I've ever wanted is to give my daughter the best. I asked Mary to bring my daughter down here to live with me for a while since I hadn't seen her in a while. She complied and after my daughter being down for six month Mary decided to come stay down here so we could both help raise her. I started working regular jobs and eventually climbed the later to a great position. I started making enough money to put my daughter in a good school. Meanwhile Mary is working at a bar and would not help pay for the school or any other serious necessities. I saved up money and eventually was able to go back to school. I asked Mary if what arrangement she would like to make about where our daughter would stay. She refused to get a job that had hours that would have been conducive to our daughters school or daycare and ignored the different work opportunities I presented to her so we came to the conclusion that our daughter would come to live with me, and her mother would have her on the weekends. I left the city I was in and moved me and my daughter about an hour away and enrolled her in school with her mothers help. Mary asked me to agree that our daughter would return to the city she lived in after three month with me. I agreed and three months came and she brought up the agreement. I told her I remembered the agreement and if she had the means to take care of our daughter at this time then she would go back to where her mother lived. This was not the case so my daughter continued to stay with me. Another six months go by and now Mary is dating someone and wants my daughter to move back with her. Throughout this whole affair I keep asking for Mary to put me on my daughters birth certificate and she keeps refusing. I am at the point now where I have been financially, emotionally, and physically been living with and caring for my daughter for around two years now, a little more than the amount of time her mother did. I have filed with the attorney general for paternity determination services to get my name on the birth certificate. When I filed for this service, three days before the meeting my daughters mother took my daughter back to where she lives to enroll her in school there. The meeting is next Wednesday and I am wondering if I should pursue conservatorship rights while getting paternity determination services as well. When Mary took our daughter back she did not unregister her from school or even register in a new school. In the state I live, once a child begins preK they must stay in preK. My daughters mother is young and has always enjoyed hanging out with her friends more than being a settled down parent. If I were on my child birth certificate I would have prevented her from taking her to another city and removing her from a school she has been attending for around seven months now. The registrar at the school my daughter was/is attending told me she would notify me if anyone attempted to unenroll her and that I should bring her a copy of the AG mediators decision. I know this is a lot but I'm wondering if my past ( Mary was never arrested for anything we were both involved in) is going to affect the decision the mediator gives about possible conservatorship rights. I am still on probation but I am a model citizen with a great job and a huge support network for me and my daughter; while my daughters mother lives with her boyfriend and some random room mate. I have been caring for my daughter for a while now and she has a great chance at a great life if she were to continue on the path she was on with me. I am not trying to belittle Mary but she does not make enough money to properly care for our daughter. She is the kind of person that has forgotten to pick our daughter up when she was supposed to and the school had to call me.. She gets drunk on her birthday and doesn't show up to pick up our daughter on her day.. And now she is trying to get disability or something and I just fear that that is not the best environment for my daughter to be in. What should I be prepared for at the meeting with the mediator? Is there anything I can do to demonstrate the quality of life that is possible with me as opposed to her mother; or is the fact that I have a criminal record going to effect my chances of having conservatorship rights? I know this is poorly written but this is a smart community and was hoping that someone had some good advice about how I should proceed or about what my overall chances are. I live in, and the meeting will take place in, Texas if this makes any difference. Thank you! In my experience, courts tend to favor the person who has historically been the primary caretaker. In most families, that happens to be the mom. That is not the case here. You're in good shape. Keep walking the straight and narrow. Get a lawyer.   've been the primary caregiver for your daughter for awhile, but there is no order determining you are dad and order re custody. And now mom is wanting to be primary parent and took her from the kids regular school. Also mom is maybe not real stable. You seem to have a history of criminal conduct. \^ This. Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it. The incarceration occurred almost five years ago now and I have been doing everything possible to give the best life to my daughter since. I have heard that courts or mediators almost always favor the mother and I worry that even though I am the most reliable person in my daughters life, that they will be sympathetic to my daughter's mother and not acknowledge all that I have done and am doing. This is too long. Trim it way down. From what I gather, you've been the primary caregiver for your daughter for awhile, but there is no order determining you are dad and order re custody. And now mom is wanting to be primary parent. Also mom is maybe not real stable. You seem to have a history of criminal conduct. So courts love stability and consistency for kids. If your daughter is doing well with you and has been awhile, you are starting off on a good foot. You can also bring up evidence of moms poor parenting skills and her instability. The more.remote in time your incarceration, the less it will matter. But it will be relevant, so be ready for it to be brought up. Getting a lawyer is your absolute best bet right now. 