 I didn't know how to really title this but here we go. I live in Kansas BTW. So my apartment Landlord claims that someone clogged up the sewer lines with a wash rag twice over the last 6 months. Initially she was trying to blame the woman downstairs for the flooding that was occurring back in November, but my girlfriend called up the previous tennant who had issues with flooding down there as well and had drove over to try and give a letter saying how this was the case, but she wasn't having it and told him she didnt need the letter and so he left. After this we had a clog happen in our toilet and I cleared it out and things were flushing just fine afterwards, but 3 days later the maintenence guy came up and said that there was flooding and that the line had been blocked. My daughter who is 4 years old claims that the thing she flushed down the toilet a few days ago was a my little pony rubber figurine, which from the ones we looked at in her room were not really that small. So the landlord came at us saying that this was an eviction able offence trying to sound intimidating. And a few days later after that she sent us a letter as a notice of non compliance with our lease contract with a back story saying that the 2 wash rags found in the line were our fault. Now let me tell you that I wasn't even aware of the 1st incident because it had happened back in august and nobody had even mentioned it to us. The letter also claimed that my girlfriend had admitted to the 2nd incident in november being her wash rag, but I've never heard that either, and the closest my girlfriend came to saying anything about the wash rag that she was shown is that "she had one like that", but the neighbor downstairs said they had a similar one as well, because it was such a generic washrag. So I called her up and asked for any proof that we had anything to do with those 2 incidents, and she said that she wasn't even going to back bill us for them, but was using them "as a record of patterns" for the sake of the notice. So I asked for proof that what they had found in the line for the 3rd incident had been this so called pony that my daughter said she had flushed down the toilet but all she could tell me was "the plumbers couldn't actually reach it and had to just flush down the line, but it was in there and I have record of that from their report". She also notified me that the neighbor across from us on the 2nd floor had had alot of flooding as a result of whatever the so called backup was, and that she would not only be billing us for the plumbers coming out, but also for having to replace the carper for our neighbors claiming it that the flooding was so bad that "they had to rip everything out". So over the phone she claimed that the damages would be around 1400 dollars, which I said was ridiculous and that I would not be paying without any sort of proof for all these accusations. So around the end of december she sent us a letter through certified mail that was a notice of non renewal for our lease and said we had till the end of January to get out. So we applied to a townhouse and got rejected because shes claiming late payments and unpaid damages. The 2nd place we applied to is an apartment who said that we're approved if we have the current landlord send them a letter saying that our balance is at zero, because of what she told them as well. I feel that shes trying to force me to either pay, or if I don't pay and can't find a new place to live by the end of the month, then the letter says that they will evict us. So either way she wins in her mind.  Yeah thats the thing, we haven't had an itemized list sent to us, just a general statement saying that we owe 1450 for the back up damage. We haven't actually seen any of the invoices or any documents showing that the plumbers found the said pony. The problem is that despite not having provided these documents shes applied the balance to our account on the website and is telling the apartment complex that we owe for the damages, so they wont take us till the balance is shown as zero per a statement from the landlord. They sadly cant do anything because their corperate overlords say our balance has to be zero before theyll take us since its policy for everyone. I doubt they actually found said pony, I'm sure theyre just using the admission from my daughter as a convenient scapegoat to get out of paying for the damages themselves. I was lucky and remembered that I have renters insurance though and they said that this type of claim is personal liability which I have up to 100k of. They said that theyll start a claim today since I called about it and reach out to my landlord for proof of her claim, such as photos of the damage before the repairs and for these invoices in question, so I'm hoping that works out for me.  That sounds like a wise move to have her father speak to the landlord. I see an incredible number of young people as clients. (I do housing legal aid) There are huge numbers of landlords who will happily take advantage of young people who do not know their rights, or how damages are calculated. Your landlord can not just say "oh, the plumber said there was a toy pony." They need to bring an invoice with it written that a toy was flushed down your unit that caused the backup, or an affadavit of testimony from the plumber saying as much to have much chance of winning. They do not have to prove beyond reasonable doubt, but that it is more likely than not. I loathe the idea your landlord is trying to take advantage of you here, but four year olds do not know flushing toys is bad, so will usually admit to that sort of thing if asked. And the fact they found a toy pony is pretty telling. You can not lie in court and say you do not believe she flushed a toy when she told you that she did. But the landlord also can not lie and say one was there if it was not. Have your father in law demand an itemized list of damages before agreeing to pay more than rent. Make sure you understand the security deposit rules, and aggressively pursue its return if she keeps it. You might have better luck finding an apartment on craigslist in a privately owned home than a complex. They usually have more relaxed requirements and you can communicate things like "my landlord is trying to pin charges on me that I am disputing." Provided you are within your means, individuals are often far easier to rent from.  The thing is that we're not even sure if it was or not. Like I said we're going off the testimony of a 4 year old here, since I didn't actually see what clogged the toilet. But yeah we're not going to agree to the damages since she was not able to prove anything to us short of "oh the plumber said that it was in there".  If your child flushed a toy down the toilet, I am afraid the charge would likely be found valid in court. The amount quoted is actually very low for what I see this type of damage cost. If a pipe broke and rooms flooded, damage can hit five figures very quickly. However, unless you have agreed to pay or the landlord wins a lawsuit, you may inform the new landlord that you are disputing the charges and will not be able to obtain such a letter. It may or may not work, though. You do not have to accept responsibility and have every right to demand the landlord prove you caused the damages in court. Also be sure to make the old landlord sends the itemized list of deductions taken from the deposit. If they fail to send this document within 30 days, you are entitled to the entire deposit back. You can sue in small claims for the deposit back.  Yeah when they called she told them about it.  That doesn't make sense. If you have a balance, the new complex would not be given that information unless the manager told them. It is not on your rental history report, as it can only report unpaid rent or judgements. If it is, you can demand your current landlord remove the notation.  Yeah I don't care about the reference too much. The problem is that she's claiming the damages and has applied them to my balance so the apartment complex won't accept us.  Unfortunately, she is not required to give you a good reference. And you absolutely need to find a way to be out on time and avoid eviction. I absolutely understand how upsetting this is, but an eviction will make it next to impossible to get approved for an apartment. She can not charge you for plumbing unless she can show by a preponderance of evidence you caused the damage.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.