 Hello reddit, I am a highschool Sophmore with a 4.0 (perfect) GPA, and just recently my district has passed a new standard bumping the previous 4.0 scale up to a 5.0 grading scale. My concern is that even if I had perfect grades in 9th and 10th grade I get a 4.0, when I am transferred over to a 5.0 scale these numbers stay the same. This mean the max cumulative GPA I can receive around a 4.4 where the students I will be competing against have had a better opportunity to boost their GPA having had 4 years on a 5.0 scale as supposed to my 2. Therefore, they are able to reach around a 4.8 maximum and I am at a severe disadvantage. My school district says they will include notes on transcripts but all of my admission sources say they don't read them. I am wondering what sort of legal argument I can make that this change is unfair and puts me and my peers at a disadvantage. Thanks in advance Generally there would be a conversion made. If not, include the changes GPA issue in your college applications as a note. Year 1 2 based on 4.0 scale and year 3 4 based on 5.0 scale. College admissions are usually aware of these things. You could also make a point of having an admissions visit to any really important college and telling them your concern as part of your general I am an awesome prospective student discussion.  No legal argument, no. But I'll be giving educational advice instead of legal advice (with apologies to the mods). First, visit /r/AskHSteacher for some additional perspective Second, regardless of whether your district now awards quality points are is using a true 5.0 system, the SMS that your district uses to maintain your GPA recalculates your GPA in full after each semester, meaning that your prior courses will now be calculated as if they had been taken on the 5.0 scale. I wouldn't sweat it. Third, More important than your actual GPA will be your class rank and your SAT/ACT scores, as well as the historical performance of your own campus. This is why your admission sources don't read the notes -- they don't matter. The change to your GPA will have little impact on your class rank, unless your district is using quality points now and you didn't take any advanced courses. And in that case, your new rank is more indicative of your performance, not less. And the other two aren't impacted at all by this. Finally, this change didn't come about invisibly. This type of policy change would have come about after a public hearing of some sort that your school board held about the change. All those boring local meetings adults go to? This is why they're important -- because local policies tend to affect you more than national policies.  Higher Ed doesn't look at only your GPA. They look at volunteering, they look at club membership. They look at accomplishments. They look at internships. They look at many factors. They are also aware of 4.0 versus 5.0 and they are aware other students have gone through exactly what you describe above. If you're THIS worried about it - you must already have ideas in mind for your Major and which schools you'll be most interested in - why not call them now - ask them what they suggest you do about this issue. Honestly I had no idea the 5.0 scale even existed!  20% of US schools use a 5.0 scale making my chances of being overlooked much higher I don't think you need to stress too hard. It's been a while since I've been in school but 4.0 scale was pretty standard and I imagine it still is. Admissions will most likely see what's going on when you're over 4.0.  I have done my research and their purpose is good, their execution is poor, their goal is to increase our students abilities to receive scholarships and get into more prestigious colleges, however by implementing their plan midway through students careers they are "screwing us over" The school board has made their decision and are unlikely to go back on their decision. It's a reasonable point. However there's probably a better reason overall why they are switching. Perhaps a consultation with a school advisor can explain what's going on.  Do I have no case bringing up the inherent disadvantage they are placing me and my peers at? None I'm afraid. There's no law that says schools cannot change the grading curriculum. You can bring up your concerns to the School Board /Principal /Superintendent. 