 Hi everyone, I couldn’t think of another place to ask this so I hope this is okay here. I’m 29 and was an adopted child to two great people who passed in 2015 (dad) and 2018 (mom). My mom had two biological children (my older adoptive sister and brother) while my dad was their stepfather..technically making me his only child. When he passed he left at least $75k to my mom who was severely sick and not in her right mind from cancer. When she passed out of spite with her daughter she made me the sole executor of her will which left zero money as to this day we cannot find even a penny and the house I grew up in which is worth maybe $75-80k in South Mississippi and needs heavy repair work. My mom and her daughter (46) had a rocky relationship and she would exclude things from her on purpose such as giving me executor rights and leaving them nothing. My sister was both of my parents caretakers however as I live in a different state and she did a good amount of care for them leaving work, hospital trips, out of state trips to doctors, etc. So out of fairness there I thought nothing of it when she was saying to split the money of the sale of the house if and when I decided. At the time we have renters in it just to keep it active and they are interested in buying and the plan was to pay my lawyer for the probate court to grant me the title to the house from the money collected at rent. This was last June. She didn’t make the first payment until December. The next won’t be until February. Why? Because she’s financially struggling and every month cries about needing help and I give in. She’s the closest I have to any family remaining and I love my sister so much I can’t rock the boat. I’ll have a closing lawyer help with the sale since it’s private buyers but I was wondering if there was a way I could get the lawyer to “divide” the money with me getting a higher amount? TLDR; I became the sole executor of my family home and finally awarded title to house from probate court but now I have to split sale of home with siblings. Can I secretly ask lawyer for a higher percentage? Thank you for your advice! They say money brings out the truth in people and being adopted I cling closely to my sister, she’s literally all I have left. I want to be fair and kind for her help but I also don’t want to end up cheating myself. You do not have to split the money. That's not set in stone at all. This is a gift. Talk to your lawyer, but you can do what you like with it Yes, in the will it stated if something happened to me then my brother was to be next in line but my sister to receive nothing but $1. Otherwise I am legally the only one named in the will and final testament for the home. Luckily (for me) she only had them on her overdrawn bank account of nearly $1,000 and all other debts have been closed per the court by probate.  . So out of fairness there I thought nothing of it when she was saying to split the money of the sale of the house if and when I decided. I mean OP says right in his question why.  Because during conversation with my sister we already discussed selling the house and splitting it and it’s now set in stone. She helped them both so much with their health and was there daily while our mom was on hospice during her last days knowing about the will, it’s only fair in my heart she gets something plus I’m the adopted daughter not even her biological sister I’d feel awful. Our brother is a piece of lazy crap. He’s 43, doesn’t work, has multiple kids and would nickel and dime our mom any way he could if she asked him to visit her. My sister wants us to purchase him a used car instead of giving him money. So there’s more out of my pocket.  Being the executor isn't a benefit, it's a set of responsibilities. You can have an executor that does not inherit anything at all Were you also the sole heir? So your mom owned the house and left it only to you? Why are you splitting the money at all then?