 I was hired by a small company (less than 10 employees) in late 2015, my start salary was 35k. In 2018 I had a raise which is 41k and I've been making 41k since then. Recently I decided to switch my job, as I got new offers I also put on my two week notice to my employer. A week before my last day, I found that my other coworkers are getting more salary while we are doing the same job. Coworker A is making 50k at his second year, coworker B will be making 40k at his first year while I am making 41k at my third year. Among the two coworkers and I, I am the only person with a master degree (coworker A has a bachelor degree, coworker B is an intern and will be getting his bachelor degree in the summer, he will start his full time job here and the company has promised him 40k to start with), I am also the only female, the only non-white person, the only immigrant. Earlier this week, I told my employer that I have to move my last day up because I feel uncomfortable that I am being treated unfairly. He was furious about it , he also showed me his pay stub back in 2008 to imply that I am being too greedy. The last conversation with my employer was frustrating. My employer didn't give me any explanation regarding why I am being treated unfairly, yet he blames my early quitting has screwed up his working plan and schedule. I don't deserve this. Given my salary and other facts, is it possible to file a discrimination? How should I put it? Thanks.  There is 0 evidence of discrimination. There's nothing you can do.  Move on and make your new employer miserable.  When I gave my employer the two week notice, I did mention that I think my coworker A is doing less job than I do and I think A's attitude is not appropriate, he watches netflex at work, leaves work early and passes his job to others. At that meeting, my employer told me "I hate to see you leave. From the employer's perspective, I think you are more valuable than A. If A's attitude makes you uncomfortable, I could move him to another office. I am not happy with his work performance either, I could put him on a probation to see if there's any improvement." Hence, I believe my work is valued. It could be my negotiation skill since I didn't ask for more. There's no solid evidence to prove that they paid me less is because of my race or gender. (They make jokes about female fairly often, but will that be directly related to my salary?) So the question here would be, If I sued and lose, what would the worst case scenario be? Will I be punished by a false lawsuit or something like that? If your employer paid you less than your peers due to you race, religion, gender, or other protected class; this would be illegal and you would definitely have ground to make a claim against them If your employer paid you less because they didn't value your work as much, didn't negotiate as effectively as the others, or other reasons not related to being in a protected class, this is perfectly legal. So you need to ask yourself first why it was you were paid less, and second, if you believe it were for illegal reasons, what type of evidence you can provide to back this up. It's impossible that the other two co-workers were better at negotiating pay. It's impossible that there are other reasons they're getting paid more. It's impossible you maybe weren't worth what the other employees were. It's impossible that the company's hiring wage changed after you were already on board. Sue, you'll lose.