 Long story short, husband got in an accident, went to ER at the hospital. We had no extra money to even set up a payment plan, so we said we'll just sit on it until we have the money to pay it off. Waited waaaay too long. It got sent to a debt collector. We got a letter in the mail saying that our account is being forwarded to an attorney and that if a suit is awarded, we will have to pay for all the things (service of process, attorney fees, etc) plus any interest the court would see fit to award. We don't have money to pay in full as the cost is over $2000. If we waited until we filed our taxes, then we might have what they want, but I'm worried that after 30 days they will take us to court anyways. I had a friend who told me that you can send debt collectors a letter about violating HIPPA agreements or something because they're a 3rd party? Is this a course we should pursue? I'm really scared, I don't know what to do. Any advice would be appreciated. This is happening in CA and I don't know if there are laws that supercede HIPPA or whatever that would render sending such a letter useless. The sooner someone could let me know what to do would be better. For the record I want to use a credit card to pay them off our backs, but my husband adamantly wants to try the HIPPA letter first to try and buy us some time until we get our taxes back. I can't imagine it would do much. Those are two seperate issues. Any violation of HIPAA does not negate the fact that you owe the money and can be sued for it. It would not make the debt magically disappear.  Follow up question, what would sending a letter do? Husband still wants to try it. Would it buy us time or have terrible consequences? Good to know, thank you for your quick reply. the Department of Health and Human Services states on its website that it is “not aware of any conflict between the Privacy Rule and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. Where a use or disclosure of protected health information is necessary for the covered entity to fulfill a legal duty, the Privacy Rule would permit such use or disclosure as required by law.” 