 Hi there! Thank you in advance for any insight. Backstory: About two months ago, my brother paid a carpet cleaning service to clean his carpet. It was in need of a deep clean and he figured it was time to invest in a professional cleaning service to reduce the darkening and a few spots scattered about. Company's a small family owned company in NY which had pretty decent reviews online. They told him it would take about 10 days to get the carpet cleaned. He sent them pictures of it (as asked), and over a few exchanged texts they determined the price and he has a receipt confirming the purchase. On the back of the receipt it states that there are no guarantees and everything is non-refundable. Anyway, a week turned into two, then three, and a month later he finally got his carpet back. It looked exactly as he sent it in. Side by side before and after pictures confirm. When he called to ask what happened they said, "As we've said, no guarantees." He said they should have consulted with him upon determination they would not be able to fix the stains, to see how he wanted to proceed. They said nothing to him, instead kept the carpet longer than promised, and made no improvement in its state. They denied him any money back, and when he consulted with his credit card company, they launched an investigation and decided to cancel the payment to the company and refunded my brother in full. A few days ago he received a letter stating if he doesn't pay them in full, they will proceed with a civil action for the sum of their services. Is there any merit to this claim? Or is it a scare tactic to get him to pay? I looked the place up and there have been a few similar reports from others on Yelp. They're looking pretty shady to me now. I'm going to give them a call tomorrow, and want to make sure I have my information right. Shouldn't they take this up with the credit card company at this point? Thank you for any help/advice!  Happy to- good luck!  I wouldn't bother calling them. Unless served with a lawsuit, I'd just ghost them. Yep, he was refunded by his credit card company and they seemed to have closed their investigation. I'm afraid to call their bluff in case they'd go so far over $300, but I guess it's worth a try calling them tomorrow and seeing what they say. Thanks again for your help :)  The good news is that if the chargeback went through successfully, you’re likely done. It’s doubtful they’d seek legal options over $300. I would strongly suspect they’re just trying to aggressively collect.  Thank you for your response! They've been so unpleasant and aggressive that on principle, my brother wants to fight this. But it's also for $300, so he doesn't want to commit too much time to this. I was hoping that this would be a matter for the credit card company and them at this point, rather than us. The letter was sent from the company. From some of the reviews I've been reading, the company seems to threaten to sue for whatever they can (including leaving a negative review).  Hello! I may be of some assistance. I work for a credit card processing company. This is fairly standard practice after a chargeback on a large enough ticket item. A restaurant may not chase down someone over a $5 burger but a mechanic with thousands of dollars on the line may feel differently, for example. The merchant feels as though they met the obligations of sale, obviously you have a differing opinion. Because you’ve already successfully charged back the transaction, in the mind of the merchant you have a balance with them, that they can now seek to collect the balance via legal action. They are within their rights to do so- and the judge will weigh the merits of the case and decide one way or another. Depending on the amount of money that’s being discussed, you may or may not want to seek legal counsel (generally small claims court you can successfully represent yourself- retain all evidence proving your point, etc.) Good luck! I hope this has been helpful. 