 Mass., US Hope this is the right place Evening all, My job is a night shift position at a factory doing maintenance on their machines. The building is located in a large industrial lot in a VERY small town in MA. Our parking lot is public as we have a store in part of the facility and so employees don’t have parking permits or designated spots, but since i work at night i just park near the door since the lot is mostly empty. Every night around 2AM a local police officer drives through and spotlights our lot/yard to locate hooligans and the like. Last week however I was sitting in my car smoking a cigarette when the officer approached me and told me to go inside or leave. I explained i was an employee on break. He said i needed to go that minute as the owner complained(he hadn’t, he was inside with me for an annual inspection, the only time hes EVER there). I explained the situation and that i was on break, he told me to do as he says or i’d face a citation(unspecified). I tried explaining again against my better judgement and told him that what he said was untrue and that the lot was public and open 24 hours and there were even signs stating this. At this point i had finished smoking and was heading in anyway so it was left at that. The next night, he came back and i was sitting on the loading dock with a large heating fan eating my lunch, he pulled up to me and told me that i was warned and he was going to have my car towed when i wasn’t even in it. Owner no longer there, all i could do was get a shift manager to come and plead my case. They were also parked next to me. The cop ranted about how he always had problems with us and sped off. We now have to have printed forms basically saying us parking there is cool. 3 days ago(about a month after the initial incident) i come back to 2 officers around my car, one looking in the windows with a flashlight and the other leaning in my car with the door open(should’ve locked it...) looking through my glove box. I walked up and told him to get out of my car and was threatened with him arresting me if i didn’t “shut my mouth” since i was “impeding an investigation”. Investigation into what, i’m not sure. Owner now apprised of the situation just said to stay out of their way and to only update him if one of us gets towed. I now have to smoke out back in the cold(woe is me, i know) and hide from him. I also bought a dashcam today to try and protect myself further when i can’t monitor my car(which is now locked). Is there anyway i can prevent this from happening in the future? Im tired of dealing with this guy who only gets more aggressive as he keeps getting proven wrong. I’d contact a lawyer but I’m a broke 21 year old and i dont think i could do anything anyway. I just want to be left alone. If this is a factory that a large percentage of the citizens of the town work in, then the town’s elected officials will be very interested in hearing about their local police harassing employees of one of the largest employers in town. No it isn't. It's his union, not yours. You will simply be painting a bullseye on your back for them all.  May want to check to see if your company has any security cameras pointed towards the lot. If not, may be worth talking to your shift manager about getting some added. You can frame it as concern about employee safety. Another option, police wise, contact your nearest State Police barracks on the non emergency line. They may have some options for you if you aren't getting anywhere on the local level when it comes to harassment by an officer. Glad to help, I’ve had issues with messed up police before. It’s bad but there are good cops out there, I’m sorry you’re having issues with that  Didn’t even think of county since these are small town officers, thanks for the response, looking up the sheriffs office info as we speak. Even with “reasonable suspicion” they are not allowed to search your glovebox or any closed areas of the car. That’s pretense for a nice lawsuit. Especially for the harassment they are doing. I’d go to the county sheriffs office and file a complaint with them and Internal Affairs My mistake, I removed it. No. Read the rules of this sub.  He didn’t say anything about it. The threat of arrest made me too nervous to ask and since they just left after i walked over, i wen’t inside without a word. I’d imagine they didn’t have one though. I was in a car wreck a few weeks ago and my airbags dropped my windows, they were leaning in smelling all my monster cans so i guess i just assumed “reasonable suspicion” let them do it. I know nothing about laws/rights. Local PD is too small, they think anyone on the wrong side of the thin blue line is incompetent, i could try calling the town office but i don’t think they’ve got much power. What do you mean by union, a police officers union? Worth a shot.  Did those cops ever provide you with a warrant to search your car? The door being open isn’t reason for them to enter.  You could file a complaint with the police department. You could call your mayors office to complain. You could file a complaint with the union.