 Thank you in advance for any advice. My girlfriend and I rented a house that is next door to another rental owned by the same landlord. When we signed our lease we rented the detached garage. Our lease clearly states we are renting said garage. We signed our lease 3 months before we moved in and about 4 weeks before we moved in our landlord informed us that he was going to build a separate entrance so the neighbors could have access to a storage unit that takes up roughly 20% of the garage. We didnt sign a new lease or receive a discounted rate for the space that was unilaterally taken. We have paid the full contracted lease on said garage since this occurred. Originally we didn't say anything because we are trying to keep the peace so we can try to buy the house because we like it. Now its become an issue, what recourse if any do we have? This happened in Colorado for reference. I understand he is breaking the lease. I am asking what is my recourse? Other than move out.. Can I make a claim for the money spent on said broken lease or is my option to move out and live with it?  Then he is breaking the lease as you have not been getting full possession.  I did talk to him and his response was "I didn't think you cared". I didn't want to get into a bigger argument so I just left it at that I brought up how we should have calculated the square footage and receive a discount on rent and he just kind of blew it off. K thats what I figured just wanted to clarify. I was mainly looking into wether or not we have recourse in terms of getting money back from the lease payments since we already have paid for something we didnt receive. I don't know if we will actually end up buying the property and if not I would like to be reimbursed for the money/space. It doesn't, that's just the most likely court of action by the courts regardless of your desire to purchase. It just sucks because they are unlikely to rule in a way that assists your eventual purchase of the space. Thank you for your response why would my desire to purchase the house impact the courts decision?  You have a legal right to expect the 'quiet enjoyment' of the property, as defined in your lease. If your lease includes the garage, that means you should both expect the full garage for your use, and that no other tenants will have access to that area, since you've rented it. Unfortunately, given that you like the house and hope to purchase it some day... the court will be unlikely to order specific performance (making him tear down the storage unit)... they're far more likely to allow you to move out without penalty, and perhaps make him responsible for some of your moving costs since you're moving because he screwed up.  If you are paying for the garage, you get the garage. Talk to your landlord why the rate hasn't been renegotiated.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.