 So I’ll try to make this as simple as it is because I feel like this could get a little confusing. Basically my ex has talked to me about how she wants to move out before July (when our lease ends) for obvious reason, which I completely understand. But she says she will take her name off the lease and I will be responsible for her rent and all the rest. It doesn’t just end there. She got two kittens maybe three or four months ago and didn’t tell the apartment office because she didn’t want to pay the deposit and all that which is something a lot of people do actually. The problem is they have kinda done some damage since then like scratched some walls past the paint and pretty much ruined all of the blinds in the apartment along with making the bathroom they stay in pretty much unusable from how dirty it is (she doesn’t clean the shit on the walls and their litter). I don’t really have an issue with cleaning up after her mess and the cats mess if she were to move out. But I’m assuming if she wants to move out and give me the responsibility of paying her side of the rent she will expect me to pay for all this damage done from the blinds to the walls to whatever else. Which is completely her responsibility and I made that clear when she got the cats. She isn’t the kind of person you can just talk to and reason with, she is probably well aware that her rent (even if she moves out) and her cats damages to the apartment are her responsibility but if there’s a way to just leave and make it my problem she will do that. So if there’s any advice about talking to her and trying to reason that will absolutely not work. I’m mainly posting this because I have no idea if she can do any of that “legally”. We signed the lease together and my parents were the guarantors because I was unemployed going to university at the time and she just started her job. So I would think that it’s her legal responsibility to pay her half but I really don’t know. I’m not even sure if you can just walk into the office and take your name off the lease without paying some kind of breaking lease fee. I’m probably going to have to check our contract at this apartment but honestly I do not want her to fuck me over this way and get to just leave without any penalty or paying for what she is responsible for. If worse comes to worse and she is able to just take her name off and leave without penalty then my parents can help me out a little and I should be relatively okay, but like I said after all this I don’t want to see her fuck me over this way and get to just walk away empty handed. I know this is a lot of shit but if anyone has any advice at all it would be much appreciated.  Just wanted to say that I'm in a similar situation (my small-claims case is coming up in a few weeks, in fact), and this is immensely helpful. Thank you. Okay I understand what you’re saying. Thank you for the thorough explanation I really do appreciate it. I honestly don’t want this to go to court but I guess if it has to come down to that we’ll see.  She can _leave_ - she's not required to live there. She just won't have any ability to modify the lease until everyone on the lease agrees to it. You asked in a deleted comment what I meant by "go after her in small claims." Here you go: Even though it's informal, your agreement to split the rent likely constitutes a contract. She's threatening to break that agreement, but she has no actual legal basis for doing so other than "I hope my ex-roommate won't do anything about it." If she actually breaches that agreement, you will incur damages - specifically, you will have to pay additional money to your landlord that you would not otherwise have had to pay, in order to preserve your tenancy. Breach of contract is something you can sue over, and the courts generally remedy it by ordering the defendant to pay the plaintiff back for the damages they incurred. If she breaks and runs, whatever additional money you end up paying over the remainder of the lease would be damages you can seek in a small claims lawsuit against your former roommate. Small claims court is a venue designed for low-dollar-value disputes. It's less formal and less strict about procedure than the state courts, and parties can adequately represent themselves without an attorney in small claims. You'd also want to take steps to minimize how much you end up paying - for example, you may want to look into whether it would be cheaper in the short term to pay the lease break fee and move early, or to take on a new roommate to offset her share of the rent. You don't need to make exceptional efforts, but doing nothing looks bad and can harm your case. Small claims involves filing a written complaint with your local small claims court (the clerk at the courthouse can give you the forms), paying your filing fees and fees to have her served, waiting until she's served with notice, and then appearing for your hearing date. At the hearing, first you will present (to the judge, not to your ex) your argument that she agreed to split the rent a certain way, that she broke that agreement, that you paid a specific additional amount of money as a result of her breach by covering her share of the rent/by paying the lease break fee/etc, and that you want the court to order her to pay you back. Then she will present her defence to that argument, if she shows up. Then the judge will rule whether you are entitled to get your money back from her or not. If the judge finds in your favour, she will be expected to pay voluntarily. If she doesn't, you can go back to court to enforce the judgement. In most jurisdictions, enforcement amounts to garnishing wages, seizing bank accounts, and sometimes seizing and selling personal property. If she has real estate (unlikely if she's renting) or a car (more likely), you may also be able to place a lien on it so that she must pay you back before she can sell or give away that property. I’m sorry if I am acting confused, but in your first comment you said without my constant she won’t be able to leave but it could happen. The only thing I want is for her to pay her half of the rent and the damages her cats have done. If that means still in this apartment or not I don’t care. But if she is able to take her name off the lease and not be “legally” responsible she will 100% not pay for any of that. So I would much rather her stay and finish the lease she agreed to sign to so that she pays all of that. When you say I can go after her in small claims what do you mean exactly? Because if it’s something along the lines of me constantly trying to reach her and get her to pay her side that won’t happen. It's nice to want things. "No" is a complete sentence. She isn’t offering anything. She wants to just take her name off the lease, move out, and have me pay for her side.  Not without both the landlord's consent and your consent, she won't. Contracts don't work that way. What is she offering you in return for agreeing to pay her rent?