 So, my mom brought up and issue with the name I have chosen for my daughter. I want to give her my boyfriend's last name due to it being shorter, easier to pronounce, and sounds nicer with her first and middle name. While we have both agreed we want to always try to work things out to give her a stable environment for her up bringing (and hopefully get married when we're more stable since this was an unplanned pregnancy), we don't know what will happen in the future. My question is, if the absolute worst were to happen and he asked for full custody, would her having his last name make it easier for it to be granted to him? Also any other legal issues to watch out for regarding this? I'm in the US, specifically south Carolina if that's necessary. Thanks in advance! Good luck!  Yes, I know you are not a lawyer; it is obvious. The last name of the child may not matter in the long run, but you cannot make blanket statements like you did. The family court judges have plenary power to decide what is in the child's best interest, and many factors go into the decision. Further, each case is decided on the facts of that particular case. Presumably, OP came here to get solid legal advice relevant to her state and situation.  Fair point, I added a point about not knowing about SC, but I must have deleted it, so I will concede to you on that. But my ultimate advice was that the last name was not very important, and that anything that can be handled civilly and agreed on outside the court system is in her best interest, and I stand by that being sound advice. If it makes you feel better, IANAL Again, thank you. I just wanted to make sure I understood the legalities of our new situation. I'm 100% sure it's his. He wanted to live in together so we can give her a family environment from the start, so we moved in together ~3 months ago and we're both on the lease. She's due in 8 weeks. He really wants to be an active dad and I'm greatful for it. We're both very calm understanding people and I believe we won't have issues as far as parenting together; but I'm not gonna let myself believe it's totoally guaranteed ya know? Really, how long have you practiced in South Carolina? [In SC](), the unwed mother is the sole custodian of the child until a court rules otherwise. (See 63-17-20(B). Why exactly are you giving legal advice on this subject when you dont' know what you are talking about? Thats a total crock, fathers have rights too. Make sure he signs the birth certificate and his paternity is established. As far as Dr. And daycare and stuff that's more a company policy issue more than a legal one. If the worst does happen the easiest thing is for both of you to keep an open mind and be as civil as possible. You can establish any arrangement you want so long as you both agree on it. If you are sure the child is his, you can agree to allow him to be placed on the birth certificate as the bio father. Y'all can reach any informal agreement that you want to, but if he doesn't live with you, he should be paying child support. Go to the [SC DSS child support calculator](), and plug in the numbers to get an idea of how much he should pay. Be sure to use gross pay, not net pay, in the income slot. Keep in mind, too, as a newborn, the child will naturally be with you more if you are breastfeeding. There is no rush; being a parent is hard work and some people are not cut out for it. Take it slow and see what schedule works for your child and you. Regarding doctor appointments, etc.: it is a good idea to co-parent with him if he wants to be a part of the child's life. Give him notice of the appointments when you make them. You are free to consult with him on issues of what doctors or daycares to use, but ultimately, you have the legal right to make these decisions alone. You can put his name on the list of people authorized to pick up the child from daycare and you can withdraw that authorization at any time. Just remember, being a new parent takes a lot of adjustments. Its great you want him to be a part of the child's life, but again, take it slow to see how things work out organically. As the sole custodian, however, you have the only and final say about all issues concerning your baby (until there is a court order that says otherwise) The childs name might not even come up until a ruling is made. In other words no her last name will have no impact on court proceedings. You will be judged on how fit of a parent you are, and assuming neither of you are criminals or drug addicts, as the mother you should be fine. My daughter did not take my last name, and my biggest issue was if and when her mother does marry, my daughter would then no longer share a name with either her mother or father. Which would cause some confusion sometimes (back to school night or whatever) but nothing all that serious. And ultimately she will grow up and marry and change her name anyway, so to sum it up, it doesn't matter, give her the prettiest darn name you can think of. Thank you. Are there any steps I should take to allow him to be considered a parent/guardian to her? This is a very new situation to me so I really have no understanding at all to legalities of anything to do with this; but as it stands I'd very much like him to have an equal role as me as far as doctor's visits, daycares and whatnot. As the unwed mother, you can name the child whatever you want to, and you have sole custody. Since y'all are not married, bio dad has no rights to the child automatically. Your BF would have to go to court to get custody or visitation, and you would have to go to court to get child support. No one on reddit can promise you whether or not the name of the child would be a factor. The court will decide what is in the child's best interest. If everything between you and BF is equal as to parenting, being a fit parent, and being able to provide for the child, then the child's last name could be a factor if BF argued it as a factor and/or the child's Guardian ad Litem thought it was a factor for the court to consider.  Thank you so much!   No. Changing the surname to yours (if that's what you wanted at that point) would be a contested issue, but that's the only thing I can think of