 I've recently moved into a new home that had previously been empty - the landlord had promised to provide a new refrigerator a month prior to move in but did not. He ignored all emails and phone calls so I went to his office in person, a week before the beginning of our lease, to confront him about the home not being ready for move in and not hearing from him for a month. It worked because the next day he delivered a fridge - the only problem is it doesn't work. I've been emailing and calling him all week, and even went again in person to his office but he didn't come to the door. I dropped off a move in inspection form as well as a letter listing everything wrong with the home (including an ant infestation that is in our food cabinetry as well) that was signed by myself and 2 other roommates - and this was within the 5 days after the start of our lease. I have an approved service animal at the home, which of course my landlord knows about and as a part of that process he was provided with a doctors note from my healthcare professional stating explicitly that I am bipolar and have anorexia nervosa. Not having a refrigerator has caused great mental distress and a setback with my health and wellbeing. I cannot currently stay at the home. He wont respond to emails, wont come to the door when I go to the office (the first time I went someone else let me into the building), and wont respond to text or call. I have kept copies of every time i've tried to contact him, and even took a video of myself dropping off the move in inspection form. It is at the point where i am prepared to email him to state the legality of the situation. Could someone please help? Why delete? Thank you Wrong. The landlord did provide a fridge; it did not work. The landlord has a duty to maintain appliances they provide. Had there been no fridge in the unit when OP accepted it, the landlord probably did not need to install one. The fact they did have one installed makes it the landlord's duty to fix or replace, even if it had been delivered after possession. OPs medical diagnoses are not relevant, though. Then unless VA requires fridges as necessary, you can’t force him to provide you one. You’re diagnosis isn’t relevant here. You may be better served trying to find a cheap or free one online. It is not :/ but the property was advertised as having one when listed on zillow I used this website to help me sue my landlord some years back. I’m in Richmond too.  Is the fridge written in the lease?