 I feel like its a simple problem, just want to get a few opinions about how to handle this and how much of a big deal to make. TL/DR: My girlfriends boss edited the work spreadsheet that keeps track of vacation to show that she has no days left. He did this when she was on vacation and reallocated the remaining days to middle of last year, trying to make it appear as if she took them last year. Have evidence and proof. How to handle/confront? My girlfriends company uses a complicated excel spreadsheet to keep track of the managers' vacation and PTO allowances across many stores in the district. Many people have access to this, but it does secretly record changes, edits and who did it as well as when. The spreadsheet has multiple calendars, days, explanations for what to type, etc. You put certain marks in the boxes to subtract from various types of days off. It calculates this and shows how many days each person has remaining. While we were on vacation last week her boss contacted her (text msgs) to figure out the remaining vacation days. He said, "How about you take off till the end of the week? Then the rest of your vacation (from last year,) will be taken care of." She responded, "great! That works." After the conversation, she mentioned that she has the rest of the week off but she should still have a day or two of vacation left. Fast forward to her first day back, she goes into the system and sees that she is, indeed out of vacation. She was able to go into the edits of the spreadsheet and see that earlier last week, he went in randomly those days to random days last year. Funnily enough, she went through her phone and saw on these days she had taken pictures of her work, at her work. We know she was at work.... no question. In summation, her boss assigned her last two vacation days to last year making it appear shes out of days. She didn't take them. She has bulletproof evidence of this. How far does she take this?  NAL but I'm confused by some of the details. How many days of PTO does she get per year? Is her PTO accrued or does she get a lump sum every calendar year? Did she have any PTO left over from 2018? How many days was this vacation, and was it all in 2019 or was some of it in 2018? Her boss told her to take a few extra days... after this, are you saying that she should have still had a few days left, and the boss put in the remaining days in 2018? Example...she gets 10 days of PTO a year, and 2 days rolled over from 2018. She took an 8 day vacation in January 2019, her boss tells her to take an extra 2 days, and now she should have 2 days left for 2019. However, the boss recorded 10 days in 2019 and then 2 extra days in 2018, so it looks like she's completely out of PTO when she should have 2 days left. I'm particularly confused by the boss's text to her, particularly the part in parentheses "(from last year)" which looks like an assumption on your gf's part about his meaning, rather than what he actually wrote. Without that part, it clearly (to me) means he's talking about her PTO for this current year, 2019. Again NAL but knowing these details could tell us more if this is a legal issue or a simple miscommunication with the boss, who honestly just might not know how to use the spreadsheet. She asks him to correct the error. There’s no further to take it.  She earned that vacation time and needs to mention it to her boss. She should also be able to speak with Human Resources who should have a record of all vacation time, assuming she has a Human Resource person to speak to. Pay stubs should also have her vacation time listed on them. 