 Short version: We adopted twins recently. By the time we got them, they had spent several weeks in the NICU. I put them on my insurance ASAP, and checked with my insurer (a PPO) to make sure coverage was retroactive to their birth. The birth parents did not have insurance, so their hospital stay was billed to us. Now the insurer is denying coverage for their NICU stay and inpatient medical tests, saying that they were not preauthorized. My benefits handbook says nothing about preauthorization for newborn care - and how could we have gotten a preauth when we didn’t even know they were born at the time? We were notified we’d been picked three weeks after they were born and already in the NICU. This will be nearly $300K in bills, which will absolutely ruin us. I’m filing an appeal and am trying not to panic, but would welcome any expert perspective or input. Other subs recommended that I post here. Thank you. Not to get all radical, but the people who have created this ghastly system should be first up against the wall.  I second talking with your companies' benefit coordinator. My company has 1500 employees, each paying a total of about 20k in health insurance a year. That brings a lot of clout if the insurer is facing the possibility of losing a $20 million contract over this one action.  No advice, but I'm so sorry that this is happening. Twins are enough work as it is. You guys don't need this additional stress. I wish your family the best ♡ There's a lot of advice in here that's assuming there isn't a very simple error causing the issue 1) Confirm the effective date of the kids with the insurance/ your HR department. Regardless of what was initially submitted, there's a decent chance the twins were enrolled with the incorrect date. I know you said in your post they were, but still double check this. This happens all the time. 2) Call customer service and file an appeal. Most companies can do the appeal over the phone on a recorded line. Ask their ETA. Get a reference #. 3) Should that appeal fail, see if your HR team can help. Keep in mind claims are automated and a human being doesn't touch them until there's a problem. A human can apply a level of common sense that a claims system can't. This is exhausting as hell, I know, but it's highly likely this will be fixed with a little patience.  Specifically whatever childhood (chip) programs your state has. If the babies were uninsured according to your insurer, then they should qualify.  Whether the adoption is finalized has no bearing. The law requires an adopted child to be covered from the time of placement, which means from the time the parent becomes responsible for the child's bills. Appeal the preauth requirement, sue them if necessary. See  Insurance companies cover the first 31 days of life after a birth regardless if you add the child(ren) during that time. However, the child must be yours legally. (Birth parents or adoption finalized at time of birth). The parents of the newborns are responsible for this bill 100% regardless if they can shoulder that dept or not. If they had Medicaid when the twins were born, this is who the hospital should be filing the claims with. Bottom line, you were not legally responsible for anything at the time of the birth. Where did this come from, I’m wondering? A NICU stay preauthorization for newborns is laughable. Source: 15 years in the health insurance industry and have twins that had a NICU stay. DM me if you’d like. This sounds way out of whack.  Who paid the birth moms med bills? Seems odd she wouldn’t be on Medicaid  I can’t imagine your adoption is final yet, is it? We adopted my daughter who spent her first 50 days in NICU. Even though we were there at the time of her birth and visited her every day, she wasn’t legally ours until the court date almost 5 months later. My daughter’s birth mom had no insurance either so she ended up on the state’s insurance and so did our daughter. Our insurance wasn’t used for anything until the court papers were signed. You may want to bring that up with the hospital and have them bill the state or whomever was responsible for those bills before you officially became their parents.  Step 1 find out the appeal process for your insurance. You can call the hospitals billers tk help you. Step 2 talk to the nurse case manager about medicaid for the twins (there is a medicaid waiver you can get for higher incomes if child is born sick). But NICU is almost always covered. Fight it! On top of what’s already been suggested, you need to keep in mind that insurance companies are very heavily regulated by the state. Insurance regulators allow appeals from the public. Keep escalating and never take a turn-down as the last word. Document everything, including name and date when you talked on phone with someone. You’ll be ok. Had a similar issue with a premature birth. Eventually the insurance agency changed the hospital to in network.  Find out if the hospital is appealing this. That’s what I do for a living and this kind of denial is not uncommon. We just write an appeal letter stating the infant’s medical coverage was not settled until X date therefore we were unable to obtain preauthorization. Happens all the time and the denial gets overturned.  To add to this, hospitals and medical providers have no qualms in trying to make you feel obligated to pay something you have no obligation to pay. This must be researched. Also, the actual amount owed will likely be more in the tens of thousands range, which the providers will also likely use as a tactic to soften you up to pay. One funny thing about medical debt, in many areas, if I understand this correctly, does not adversely affect your credit the way other debt does. It also doesn’t usually have the same laws of enforcement behind it. In other words, OP, I’m sorry to say that you’ve been indoctrinated into the shit show game that is American healthcare. Don’t pay a cent until you understand the lack of rules and what you actually have to pay. I know this because I had millions of dollars in bills, and even with good insurance, had hundreds of thousands denied by my insurer. I still needed to pay tens of thousands to make sure I didn’t lose my doctor. And I had “great” insurance though a big corporation. It is all the Wild West. It’s literally a joke.  File an appeal. When my son was born, he needed a cardiologist. Insurance denied the claim because it needed to be preapproved 24 ahead of time. I appealed. In my appeal I wrote that 24 ahead of time my son was negative one day old. It was approved.  Call your legislators. State and federal, they can help.  Pretty sure the insurance company can’t pull that off. You’ll need to get an attorney to petition the Delaware department if insurance ASAP. I’m a licensed life and health insurance producer in MA. In Massachusetts there are very specific languages in the law protecting newborn parents from insurance shit practices like this.  The courthouse is near where I work so I'll bring a boxed lunch, walk across the street and spend 45 minutes or so in the court room instead of eating in the cafeteria. The four judges that handle bankruptcies there are brutal to people who've over extended on their homes, vehicles, and consumer electronics. Without a doubt, brutal to the point many people walk out in tears from 'the lecture'. Medical debt? Not at all. No lecture typically an apology for their situation. Maybe this isn't normal. Maybe they are more liberal than most and maybe there are some judges who would scream 'personal responsibility' for not having insurance, however, that's not the case for OP. They have insurance, showing responsibility. Add adoption into the picture and OP might be the most responsible person the judge would see this year. I can honestly think of no situation in which a judge wouldn't be highly sympathetic. Also check whether all the rules were followed in adding your children to the plans and the effective date of their coverage). Get a copy of your SPD (ask HR or it may be posted to your intranet or benefit site, your benefit administrator would have had to provide it to you when you were first covered). Find out from it when an adopted child can first be covered as a dependent. It probably was when they were first "placed" with you for adoption. You might have been given bad information on that they were covered back to their DOB. If they were not your legal dependent at the time of birth, the bills may not be your responsibility. Adoptive parents here. Do this. My daughter was on medicaid until the adoption was finalized. On your EOB, there are appeal rights with your insurance company. The first step is to appeal this. They usually have at least 2 levels, with the final appeal being an outside source. I've worked in insurance for 10 years and have seen a lot of crazy denials get approved that way. Good luck and congrats with those beautiful babies!  This seems obvious so you may already have done this - have you contacted the agency/social worker/etc who handled the adoption? I’m sure they’ve seen this many times before and have a way to handle it.   's $300k that this family now has on their head. Exactly. And even if this all works out and they don't have to pay a penny of that bill, it's an example of the kinds of unnecessary/artificial hardships and uncertainties surrounding adoption.  Highly agree with this. Depending on the state, their birth weights, how early they were, they may qualify for Medicaid and SSI (at least during the hospital stay) based on those factors alone. NAL, but a micro-preemie mom who spent months in NICU am still part of a lot of support groups. Have you tried to appeal it yet? INAL but I am a mother of a child with expensive medical needs and I find myself appealing maybe 1-2 times a year for things they try not to pay for. In fact, our doctors do most of the footwork for that. Just recently wrote a strongly-worded letter to get growth hormone approved after our insurer denied it. Sometimes they just need a little kick in the butt.  This is just wrong. Finance manager checking in, I see people 12 months after discharge of a CH7 with a score in the 700s getting 5-6% interest on a car loan. Without the bk they'd be 3-5. Yes it absolutely dings you. BUT, if you handle the BK and post-BK properly, you'll be back to normal in a few year. Have you contacted your employer to see if they will intercede with the insurance company? From experience, I can tell you its 10 years of zero credit, not 7. Your insurance will cover this, you’ll just have to fight them for it. And possibly sue. Don’t give up!  And sometimes, even making those small payments will then qualify you for a hardship to cut down the costs. That's something else OP should do, if the insurance is 100% refusing todo anything or pay any ammount. Call the hospital and ask them for the non insurance rate. My girlfriends current medical bill that medicaid is refusing to retroactively cover we did that and they cut it by 70% instantly. Then since we've been making "good faith" payments it qualifies us to appeal the debt via hardship. Which could knock it down another 80%. In a $300k debt as an example, Would bring it all the way down to $18k at the end of it. I've been through this. The agency had legal custody at time of mother's discharge up until nicu child was actually put into the legal custody of the APs 6 weeks later. In that case, the agency was responsible for the bill from birth to custody transfer, and they had arrangements with the hospital for the $1M bill that brought the total down to $20k. That was early 90s, and different state, but if you were not the actual legal guardian at the time of hospitalization, this might not be your bill. Other advice you've gotten about hospital forgiveness funds is good too. I've seen emergency aorta replacement surgery forgiven.  There are a number of charities for babies in NICU just Google help for babies in NICU. Also speak to the hospital Social Worker.  Contact the hospital find out if they have a "charity fund" see if y'all don't qualify for it. I had a surgery at 1 of the top hospitals here in Seattle WA, ended up in ICU in a medical induced coma for 4 days (on a ventilator) 4 more days in the cardiac ward. My insurance had to investigate because I ended up with pneumonia they thought it was "strange" (they claimed it was pre-existing as I had it 4 times over 46 years) I applied for this fund the hospital wiped out over 60K bill (my insurance company finally paid them $11,000 a year later) But it might be worth checking out. I came here to say this. If you haven't called the company, call. Sometimes they can fix things without an appeal if it's clearly their error.  I completely agree with you, I hope my comment didn’t indicate otherwise. However, the issue they are facing has promising avenues for a solution, but those courses of action will take time. Missing payments in the meantime can hurt their credit even if they ultimately resolve this, and would create a second burden to deal with. This isn’t about accepting the bill and admitting defeat, it’s just a suggestion as part of the strategy they use to fight it. I know your trying to help but this makes me sad. That's $300k that this family now he has on their head and it's not even been a full year that they have been a family. I can't imagine essentially taking out a mortgage for something that was in no way my or anyone else's fault. What a messed up system Hospitals will routinely accept surprisingly small monthly payments since it means they are still getting paid. Consider speaking with their finance department about this as it will give you time to sort things out and keep it off your credit report. Don't panic. It's not so much a legal question (well, yet at least) as what are the rules of your plan and were they followed by the hospital and the insurance company in processing the claim. Is your plan through your employer? If so get your benefits person involved. They may be able to sort this out for you quickly. Is the hospital in-network with your insurance? That will make this easier. It might have been denied because the information the hospital provided was incomplete or coded wrong or the claims processor could have made a mistake or something is wrong in the instructions in their system (if it doesn't match up to your plan documents). I'm not upvoting because I know the part about judge leniency is true, I'm upvoting because I really hope it is. I guess the question would ultimately hold the parents to income threshold before vs after the adoption for family size because yes, unfortunately it has become less available.  They can either ignore the debt in which case it begins having no impact on their credit after seven years, or they can file bankruptcy which will also only impact them for seven years, yes? Given that filling bankruptcy will usually cost a few thousand dollars, why even bother then? Is it so they don't get harassed by debt collectors for seven years? Will filing bankruptcy only impact credit for 7 years then it’s cleared off? It depends on the state. Typically the application will ask for that information (are you in the hospital?) or for information on medical bills that were incurred recently. With how tight funding on Medicaid has been getting it's really at the discretion of the state if they'll cover some/all of the bills. This. Retroactive Medicaid would cover the emergency NICU stay, right?  Call the state and file a complaint. My insurance tried pulling the same crap when my daughter was born early. Sorry insurance I was a little busy and had no idea that it needed authorization. The bill magically was covered when the state contacted the insurance company. Congratulations on your new additions! My CSection needed a pre-auth as well ($$@$%! Really, a birth?? So dumb). Call them. Don't pay unless it is fixed. Also, if you don't mind publicity, this is a heart-strings story that at least your local media would likely love to run and in turn would make the insurance company look very bad. That in turn would put a lot of pressure on them to make things right. With these bills it would be worth it to see if you can qualify for retroactive Medicaid. It’s super time sensitive because they only go back three months and you have to turn in all the bills at that time. You can’t forget a bull because once you submit it that’s it. \ $300K in bills, which will absolutely ruin us. It will impact your credit for seven years. If you can't get things worked out, file for bankruptcy as in this case it's the right thing to do because you have to think about the future of your twins. Being saddled with $300K of debt will likely ensure you won't be able to help them with college expenses, might not be able to afford to live in a good school district, won't be able to buy them that musical instrument they need for band, etc. Every bankruptcy judge I know automatically approves medical based bankruptcies and wipes out the debt without so much as a lecture to the debtor. Most judges in the US are fed-up with the whole situation and are very sympathetic to the debtor. I went through a similar process with my newborn a couple of years ago. After our appeal was denied I contacted my state insurance commissioner and filed a complaint. My insurance decided all of those bills they denied twice were now magically covered. I'd strongly suggest contacting them. YMMV by state, however.  Might ask in /r/insurance also Is the denial from the EOB, or have you called the insurer? You may need to call the insurance company; they often have this kind of trouble when adding a new life to their policies?