 I live in Oklahoma if that helps. Today I got a text from my roommate at 2 saying she wanted to give me a “heads up” that she was moving out tonight, and when I came home all of her stuff was gone. She has no plans on paying the rest of the rent. I think I might have screwed myself because being a college kid (life lesson learned) my mom is the one that dealt with the lease. She signed the lease as the resident and just listed my roommate and I as occupants. My roommates complaints were that my girlfriend was living there without paying rent, but she never told me she had a problem with it. Had she, I would have either made her pay rent or not stay there. She also complained about it being dirty (ex. Dog hair everywhere and dishes) but she knew she was moving in with a dog (I’ll admit to not doing the dishes as much as I should). Basically my question is, is there any way to make her pay the rent? She paid half of the deposit and has been paying rent on time for the past nine months, the lease ends in April. Our landlord said she’s still obligated to pay because of detrimental reliance (promissory estoppel too) because she promised to pay the rent (we have screenshots of the text agreeing to move in and the date matches the date the lease was signed) and we acted on that promise that will potentially lead to our detriment (not being able to pay rent) Is that a valid argument that would stand in court? Please be nice, I know she should have signed the lease, lesson learned for next time. Occupant appears to be liable for rent. §4119. Occupants without contract liable for rent. The occupant of any lands, without special contract shall be liable for the rent to any person entitled thereto. R.L. 1910, § 3802.  Roommate was a tenant of OP's mother with a month to month tenancy. She needs to give 30 day notice. "Except as otherwise provided in the Oklahoma Residential Landlord and Tenant Act, when the tenancy is month-to-month or tenancy at will, the landlord or tenant may terminate the tenancy provided the landlord or tenant gives a written notice to the other at least thirty (30) days before the date upon which..." Except the OP and roommate are occupants, OP’s mother is the only lease holder. An occupant is not responsible for paying rent, only the lease holder. So, to OP, unfortunately your roommate can bounce whenever she pleases, with no repercussions. Your landlord probably shouldn't be giving legal advice. Absent a term lease your roommate would have to give one months notice so you could sue for February rent if you don't find a new roommate by then, but the flip side is they could insist on maintaining access through February, right now it would be more productive to search for a new roommate and if unsuccessful by the end of February decide if suing for half a month rent is worth it. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.