 I live in California and I want some advice on my situation. I signed a 1 year lease with another person and it is up on March 1st. We are not getting along and we barely see or speak to each other for the past couple months. I gave my notice to vacate a week ago by email, walked in and called the leasing office to make sure they received it ( I got an email that they received the notice) The problem is that the office won't officially accept my notice because my roommate hadn't given hers. The manager called my roommate and my roommate said that they would keep the apartment and get another person to come in and sign. I just got off the phone with the office to check on the status and they said the roommate hadn't come in to sign the new lease terms with the new person. The manager told me that unless she gives notice to vacate too or gets another person I'm still on the hook for the apartment even though I gave them a notice already and the lease term is over. I'm basically being held hostage. I don't know if this is really the case or not. Help? I found my lease and the second page has this paragraph HOLDING OVER: Unless another Lease is signed by the Parties hereto or unless written notice of election not to renew is given by either party thirty (30) days before the expiration of this Lease, this Lease shall be automatically renewed on a month-to-month basis, subject to amendment by Landlord as set forth in California Civil Code Section 827 and terminable by either party on thirty (30) days written notice in accordance with the provision of California Civil Code Section 1946. I assume this means that my notice to vacate at the end of the lease is enough? My roommate not giving notice or not finding someone in time shouldn't be my problem? Most leases will have an automatic roll over to month to month lease under the same conditions when the year ends unless notice is received. That's how every lease I had in CA has been. That said, OP's notice should be enough but I am not 100% sure. Oh ok lol thanks  Not a lawyer  Sorry what is NAL? Yes, your contract is over and there’s nothing they can do but use scare tactics to make you believe it’s automatically extended. Make sure all bills are not in your name and that they don’t have ability to automatically withdraw money from your credit card or bank account.  NAL: Your lease is up. They need to sign a new lease with your soon to be ex-roommate. 