 Hello, hoping some of the great minds here can give me some advice or point me in the right direction. I have offered to let a friend stay with me while they are getting back on their feet. The issue is I am currently in a 12 month lease on an apartment. I only want my friend here for a few months. Since they are over 18, I've been told they have to be on the lease. My concern is once they are a tenant, they gain tenant rights and while I don't think they will exercise those rights, I want to be safe. Especially specific to when it comes time for them to leave. I would fairly give 30 days notice if needed but if they are a tenant, my understanding is I cannot do that. I've looked into the legal ramifications if I failed to add my friend to the lease and it is almost looking like a better option at this point. However, the concern is that this friend is from another state and requires residency to gain their ID/Drivers License. I've read that some people use mail forwarding to skirt this process but ultimately there is an actual residence on file for them. I have been trying to find if there are any other options via sublease or maybe an external written agreement that they can sign which would trump any tenant rights if I added them. Our apartment will not renegotiate our lease to a lesser term so having them added could result in tenant rights for a full year when I only intend to have them here a few months.I know other states allow occupants and at-will long term guests, but I have not found anything for Texas of this nature. Thanks for reading and I hope you guys can help.  Thanks so much. I hope it won't come to that but definitely adds some additional concern. There is no situation in which you give 30 days and that's that. You give 30 days and then start eviction proceedings which can take some time.  Thanks so much. Definitely poses some issues with that in mind. However, it also helps solve one of the issues which is that it doesn't matter either way, I may experience this no matter which route I choose. Thanks again!  In your state you can give the notice. But if they don't leave after 30 days, then you can't self-help evict, change the locks, kick them out, etc. You have to go to court, and have them live with you the whole time you're going through the court proceeding. Thanks. I had asked my apartment to check if they allowed subleasing. I agree it may be the best opportunity.  Thanks. I think maybe I just need to define tenancy. Ultimately, I don't mind this being their place of residence. I want them to be able to receive mail here, use this as an address to find a job, etc. However, if things go south, I want to be able to give them 30 days notice and have that be that. I don't want them to be on a 12 month agreement unless we have the option to remove them. I’m one of them  Appreciate the advice. I am trying to worst case scenario all thoughts to ensure the best outcome. Maybe that's optimistic. Either way, appreciate the feedback. Theres no way for somebody to live in a place and not establish tenants rights. You also need to read your lease, it almost certainly bans guests of this length of time. If your lease allows you to sublease a room for your friend that is your best option.  There is no way to keep them from establishing tenancy if you allow them to live with you "for a few months." Keeping them off the lease does not accomplish anything in the way of preventing the need to evict.  Non legal advice: the fact that you’re thinking this through (which is a good thing) may be a sign that your subconscious mind is screaming “BAD IDEA” at you. 