 My landlord has already given me enough problems recently. But today my dad was over and discovered that a ton of insulation was falling out of the walls in the back room where the furnace is. He then told me that the insulation is asbestos and that it almost assured me that we’d be able to get out of the lease. He also told me to stay calm and that it’s not near as big of a deal as some say. But that the landlord is most definitely going to have to pay to have the house professionally cleaned to have the asbestos removed from the air. Is this a way to get out of the lease? Will the landlord or myself have to pay for the cleanup? I’m in indiana First, did your landlord notify you about the asbestos before moving in? They are legally obligated to (29 Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R.) §§ 1910.1001 and following) You definitely have grounds for getting out of your lease since the asbestos has presented itself in a hazardous way, but there are multiple ways it could go down. Here's a good summary of landlord asbestos law: Document everything, starting now. Pictures of the wall, write the date, all correspondence with landlord, etc Your house will certainly fail a health inspection if it is as bad as you are describing. Read over Indiana property code 32-31-8 sections 5 and 6 (link to 5 below, then click next) You have a right to a safe living space, and since airborne asbestos violates that, your landlord is in violation. Do you have renters insurance? That's the easiest way to get the cleaning cost covered. If you have to, you can sue your landlord in small claims for the cleaning cost as well if he didn't disclose the asbestos. How bad is the problem? If you call a health inspector/code enforcement and they came out now, they could deem it unsafe to live in and give you 7 days to vacate. If you don't have a plan already lined up, this could be a problem. However, this is also the fastest way out of your lease. First, contact your landlord in writing (certified mail is good) about the problem. Include pictures. This is a major health concern since it is becoming airborne. If it's clean in a week, problem solved. Just deal with the cleaning. Follow up with an inspection anyway just to make sure. If it's not fixed in a reasonable amount of time, read over code 33-31-8-6 and take your LL to tenant court Not a lawyer, I’ve worked with a lot of employees who’s worked on properties with asbestos. They’ve told me in the past, “that tile definitely has asbestos in it” then the test comes back negative. Unless the insulation literally says that it contains asbestos, don’t just jump the gun. Have the landlord get it tested. If it comes back positive for asbestos, then have the landlord get the house abated. It’ll cost him a lot of money. For any cloths / items that touch the asbestos after it’s been tampered with, toss it. Not worth the health risk to keep the prolong exposure. I had an incident where asbestos in drywall was peeling off of a ceiling. A company came out to abate it and did a shitty job, a piece fell after they left on one of my painters and my environmental engineer told my painter to scrap the cloths that was affected and to ziplock bag the fallen piece to prevent any further exposure.  You may also want to ask for professional cleaning of your furniture to make sure. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.