 Hi there, My brother and his ex had previously gone to court to settle custody of his two daughters and outline smaller details about their care when they had split. According to the court documents, he is entitled to FaceTime or call his daughters during the periods of time that their mother has them. Problem being, she will ignore his calls, texts, or any sort of contact from my family while she has them. My brother just had a new baby with his current wife and would like for his daughters to be able to come visit briefly, or to FaceTime their brother to see him even if for ten minutes. However, his ex has expressly stated that he can see them Monday and no sooner. She’s made it clear she will not let the girls FaceTime my brother while she has them even though by court order my brother should have access to them via phone during days they are not with him. He is thinking about calling the local police and asking for a wellness check as she has refused to let him talk with them all weekend. I’ve advised him to hold off on that as it might seem like a petty thing to do. What would be the best course of action? Thanks in advance! She has the right to deny his request for visitation. However, she's in contempt for refusing the phone calls. Your brother can file a motion for contempt. Make sure there's a history of it, though. The judge might think your brother looks petty if he files for being denied a couple of FaceTime calls. It will be different if he is consistently denied calls. He might also want to request that they use a parenting app like Our Family Wizard or Talking Parents. These apps hold up in court, so he can use them for documentation. He can send a message through the app each time she denies a FaceTime call. And make sure he isn't yelling at her or demanding his FaceTime calls. That might make him look bad too, and she can argue that she was too scared to answer the phone. When she doesn't answer a call, he should follow up with a text that says something like, "Hi, I tried to call our girls at 7:00pm tonight, 01/26/2019. Please have them call me back when they get a chance today. Thanks!" Make sure he only calls once or twice a day. It will look excessive if he's calling 10 or 20 times a day even if he technically has the right to do so. Best course of action is absolutely not to call for a wellness check unless he thinks the kids are maybe in danger. Order saying he gets phone contact is not the same as requiring facetime. He can go back to court and ask for that to be inserted into the order, but he needs to think really carefully about whether the fight and money is worth it. If she is disobeying the order and refusing phone contact, he should keep track of her refusals and show his attorney. It can help with a request to modify or he can seek contempt against her  She is not required to give any of his family access during her parenting time unless the court order specifically says so. You can communicate/visit during his time. As for your brother, if his communication is a persistent (not one-time) problem during her time, he can go to the court and seek enforcement of the original order. Do NOT call for a wellness check unless she has a history of abuse, suicide, etc. Do have him speak to his lawyer and file a contempt motion. Ideally she's stated that she won't allow face time or phone conversations in writing/text/e-mail/etc.