 Hello, I've been on my current lease since September and so far have not had any problems. On our lease it states that pets aren't allowed and if found on the premises there will be a fine of $100. In December our landlord sent out an email saying that starting in the new year the fine will increase to $200 per tenant (that is an $800 fine for our household). Is this legal or do I have to sign something for it to actually be put in effect?? I thought the lease was a contract and in order for it to change a new one had to be made and signed. This is my first time renting and I'm still very unsure of a lot of things so thanks in advance!  Call HUD if you haven't already. ESA' are covered by the FHA. For almost all housing. With 100 houses, he's governed by FHA. He's supposed to very carefully ask for a letter from your medical provider....and then you have no pet deposit, no pet fees. As long as you have that letter, you will win in the end. I'd be very surprised if you couldn't get a lawyer. Minimum fine is 16,000. But federal courts will usually pile in punitive damages as well.....especially with 100 houses? They'll make an example out of him. Calling the WA tenant rights hotline is going to be your best option, but if you’re also employed in addition to being a student, a lot of corporate companies provide something called EAP (Employee Assistance Program) to their employees at no cost. It generally covers a huge range of professional services, but includes legal help, at little or no cost to the employee. For example, one service my company’s EAP offers is therapy/counseling - they fully cover up to 8 sessions per incident. The other areas are similar, where you get a certain amount of service free. It’s a long shot but I figured it couldn’t hurt to put it out there for you. Good luck!  Sorry, I apparently just skimmed over the part where the fee was per tenant and my brain filled it in as “per pet” because per tenant is just weird to me. I agree with the others who have commented - they cannot just make a change to an executed contract at random and make it effective in the middle of the agreement term. They could potentially draft an amendment though. It would require both landlord and tenant(s) to sign to make it effective. If that happened you could decline to sign it, but then I’d be weary of them finding ways to retaliate. I really doubt they’d go though that much trouble unless they’re assholes and just want to cause problems.  Yeah, probably. Landlords who mostly rent to students get up to sketchy shit all the time since there’s many first time renters who are unaware of their rights. An ESA is considered a reasonable accommodation. All you need to do is provide proof of a disability and that the animal alleviates it, therapist or doctor are your best bet for writing the letter. Here’s some more [detailed info ]() about ESAs and the Fair Housing Act. Best of luck!  Yes I have an ESA that they are unaware of because they require I make an escrow account with $3k to qualify for one. I explained better in a comment below.  Thank you so much, I understand I should have waited for this all to go through before getting my dog but I didn't understand how complicated this process would be. I in no way can afford a lawyer and definitely don't have $3,000 hanging around so I will call the hotline and hopefully figure out where to go from there. The landlords have about 100 houses rented by college students so I feel they do this knowing that most students can't afford that or don't know the laws which will discourage them from getting an ESA.  Do you have pets? Cause the fine is just the beginning. Next step is eviction. Landlord in WA here. They cannot make any fundamental changes to your lease, but can make changes such as unapproved pet charges with 30 days notice, effective for all tenants at the same date. However, your landlord CANNOT hold $3k in escrow for an ESA. They are covered under the Fair Housing Act and exempt from pet deposits, providing your supplies proof from a licensed professional who has knowledge of your disability. Also it’s unlikely that you’ll just get fined. You will likely get fined AND served with a 10 day comply or vacate notice. I recommend calling the WA tenants rights hotline at 206.723.0500 to talk about your ESA issue.  Any advice for what to do if I do get fined $800 instead of the originally agreed upon $100?? I live in Washington, and the four was referring to the number of people on the lease. I currently have an ESA that they aren't aware of. This is due to them not accepting ESA's without a $3000 escrow account under their name and me not having the money to do that. The lease only mentions the $100 fine and no further consequences. Your landlord cannot change the agreement mid lease. If you decide to renew your lease, he has to wait to do it then.  What state do you live in? So that I understand, what you’re saying is that you are already breaking the lease agreement rule of no pets because you have 4? In addition to the fine, what else does the lease say about what will happen if you’re found in violation of it? It's year long, so it doesn't end until September  What is the term of your lease? The landlord can make changes every lease period. If it's month-to-month then the landlord can make changes as long as he gives a month's notice. If it's a year contract, then the landlord can't make changes in the middle Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.