 I got my water bill a couple weeks ago and noticed that the amount as significantly higher than usual so I called the utility yesterday to see if there was some sort of mistake. They told me there was no mistake and that in the past month I used 20,000 gallons when I use 2,000-3,000 each month. They said the leak is no longer as bad but there's a constant 6 gallons per hour that's being used. I asked if the new digital meter they installed at the end of last September could be fault and the lady said absolutely not that they never fail (yeah ok). So I went through my house looking for the usual suspects: toilet, sinks, showers, water heater, etc. No leaks to be found. Today I called the utility again to ask see additional questions to see how long the issue had been going on. They told me that the new meter was installed in September 29th and it's first reasons was 1.5 gallons per hour. Then in October it began increasing. Eventually, it went up to 60-75 gallons per hour in a 2 week period then dropped down to to 6 gallons a couple weeks ago. Suspecting that it was either an issue with the line to the water meter or the meter itself, I called my fiance and asked him to remove the cap covering the meter. He said he couldn't because the nut holding the cover was to stripped that it'd be impossible. I called the water utility and asked them if someone could come out and open it. They said yes but it'd be $30, which I argued because it could have been them who stripped it in the first place. The utility guy comes shortly after and when he opens the lid there's a ton of water. Turns out the person who installed the meter didn't install it properly, causing it to leaks constantly. My fiance took pictures but the utility is unwilling to fix the bill or the usage. This is also going to affect my sewage bill that uses a 3 month average to calculate my monthly rate. It will go up a lot if this doesn't get fixed. I also dont know a ton about plumbing but can damage have been caused from this leak that's been going on for almost 4 months? I don't know where to even start. Call the Utility and report the leak first and foremost. Then, formally dispute your charge. They are under legal obligation to fully investigate your dispute. =794  IANAL. OP would need to find a number of other residents with the same issue to have any chance of being certified for class action. It may be that a number of meters were improperly installed, but they'd have to do some sort of local survey to find out if others are having the same issue. In addition to a PUC complaint, it may be worthwhile to contact the mayor's office or city council for help. If this is actually widespread, that's a significant waste of water and potential damage to city streets, etc. NAL but this sounds like a class action suit, and they do happen against water companies from time to time: [San Deigo]() [Miami]() [Austin]() It appears that CO has installed an electric meter, meaning you can't assess a leak, you are at the mercy of the monthly meter reader. I know you said you turned off the showers, etc...but if you can't see a meter spinning, what recourse do you have? You couldn't even open the meter because they stripped the nut for the cover. A drip will use up thousands of gallons. You had enough of a leak to fill a pool. What happens the next time when a sink hole develops because of the unreported leak by the water company? Talk to your insurance company or a lawyer. Just file a complaint with the PUC: 