 I live in a large 110yr old house with a total 6 roommates. It’s hard to explain the depth of the hostility brought on by this woman but I’ll give it my best go. When we have any issues in the house it’s automatically blamed on previous tenants who we subleased from. She then states that when our contract ends WE will be responsible for said issue. We have tried contacting the property management but it seems to be a family business- we were immediately called by our landlord and scolded for trying to contact ‘them’. If she comes to fix anything in the house she demands a tenant accompany her and provide manual labor because it’s a “favor.” She will yell/start to threaten to not fix anything else and point at random damages that we would be responsible for if it weren’t for her “favors.” Id love to share every hostile moment but my thumbs wouldn’t survive that journey. Here’s some highlights: Earlier in our lease: -She didn’t have a key for the house, she demanded one of us to make a copy for her by throwing cash at a roommate after telling her they couldn’t. A week later she changes our locks. -We only had one working toilet and when a roommate finally (respectfully) confronted her for neglecting our maintenance requests the other he was demanded to write an apology letter for his tone and lack of appreciation/all other tenants were texted by the landlord to kick said roommate out and that she would cover the remaining rent if we did so. -My ceiling started to cave in and she blamed it on our over using the toilet upstairs This week: -She decided to put new tile in and blocked us out of our kitchen/laundry room for a week with little not no prior notice. -She demanded that we move the kitchen appliances or that the contents of the refrigerators would be thrown out -She’s demanding we take items from said kitchen (cookware/dishes/appliances) by the end of tonight into our rooms or they will be thrown away because it was “filthy” -She says things via private text like “you don’t want to see me mad” What finally brings me here is that a piece of my mail was tampered with (partially opened) that was classified, and seen in perfect condition earlier today. I talked to all my roommates and the only other person in the house today was her. I’m unsure of what to do/how to avoid all of these up charging threats/how to get her to not open my mail?  First off, as others have said for the mail, you can report her to USPS Postmaster for opening your mail. Now for the bigger issue though, first of all when you first moved in did you take any pictures of the house/your room? If not then differently do that now, get as much proof as you can for the current condition of the house. Next issue is what does your lease say about any repairs? Does it state the landlord/property management will be responsible for all repairs or some repairs? Or does it say tenant is responsible for repairs with reimbursement? As for her blocking you off from the kitchen for new tiles, did she give you a 24 hours notice of repair or just showed up one day? As for the food and dishes that shouldn't have been threatened to be tossed out without your or other tenants permission. If she ever throws anything out of your property you can ask for the replacement value for it. Now I would seriously recommend that you find a new place to live, to break your lease legally your landlord would have to breach it in a major way. Honestly she may already done this by the sounds of things, but you need evidence. Thankfully for you Texas is a one party consent state, which means you can legally record your conversation with her without her knowledge. My advice is to pure over your lease agreement and get enough evidence that you can comfortably bury her in court with for breach of contract.  Report her mail antics to the USPIS. They're the mail cops, and they don't fuck around. Watch her get wrecked.  I’m worried that if I break my lease before checking legal stuff she will charge me for random damages etc. I want to make sure to cover my ass in anyway that I can before doing something that I know will fuel her crazy. I couldn't get past your second sentence. Why have you chosen to continue living there? Tampering with mail is a federal offense. Contact your post master general for your area and report them. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.