 My spouse and I have been separated for over a year (he now lives in California). A few months ago, I filed for divorce in my county. Both my husband and I hired attorney’s from the local area. We also have children, including one that attends preschool. Around the same time my spouse would have hired his attorney, another mother at my son’s preschool began initiating conversations at drop off and pick up times (usually these were small talk, but she often asked about my family, how I was managing things, if I was dating anyone new, etc.) I’m an extremely private person, so I didn’t open up about specific details, but I definitely made comments about it being a really hard year and that I was thinking about dating again. She and I had also exchanged telephone numbers and had talked about planning play dates after Christmas break. We had our first “in-person” hearing in mid-December, and I saw his attorney. It’s the same woman. She at first acted like she didn’t recognize me, then stated something along the lines of “Oh, I knew I recognized that name from somewhere.” I find it extremely unlikely that this is a coincidence (both my son and myself have unique names; my spouse is aware of which preschool my son attends). I’m concerned that she’s been monitoring me and trying to get information that would help my spouse. I’m curious if she’s even allowed to use information about me in court, or if what she did violates any kind of attorney ethics.  I think seeing people around town or asking them about their current emotional stability and if they’re dating anyone new are two different levels of contact. The lawyer had, had access to or should have had enough information to at least hint to her who OP was. The ethical thing to do would have been consult her notes when her (admitted) suspicions were raised and then ask OP to confirm who she was. She can’t even say in good faith that she had no idea about OP’s identity, so the inference must be that she did know and was fishing. Even if we agree to the alternative that it wasn’t malicious, the conduct was ethically inappropriate. Full stop.  and that's why i said "may." I'm not putting it out of the realm of possibility that OP may be paranoid, and coincidences do happen. That being said, it is a very easy proof of violation: if the attorney continued conversations with OP after initial contact with OP's ex-spouse. The possibility of representation is enough to initiate rule 4.2's restriction, and that attorney should know better than to play it loose with any PR rule that uses the word "shall." Maybe the full name, but the lawyer isn’t going to immediately get pictures. Do you know the full names of every other parent in your daycare? Cause I don’t know a single one. So is your rule that lawyers should get pictures of their opposing parties? Cause I don’t know a single lawyer that does that.  She would have known OPs full name, the city where she lived and the name and age of her child based on information from OPs soon to be ex. The lawyer probably also knew the name of the daycare OPs child went to as part of the divorce/custody process would include establishing childcare costs, of which daycare is one. She absolutely knew enough to at least ask OP to confirm her identity. A complaint to the court and bar association is warranted. OPs lawyer can do the former and give her some pointers on the latter.  What is the strategic benefit to getting the other lawyer disqualified though? Especially if OP’s lawyer, who knows much better than you, random internet stranger, doesn’t believe that is the best strategy? As I wrote below, it isn’t like opposing counsel can testify in the case about what the wife told her.   “in-person” hearing in mid-December, and I saw his attorney. It’s the same woman. She at first acted like she didn’t recognize me, then stated something along the lines of “Oh, I knew I recognized that name from somewhere.” There is the atty's out. You would need to PROVE that the attorney knew, ahead of the first in person meeting, exactly who she was talking to. It well may be that this attorney was mining for data, but you'll have to prove that she knew, at the time, what she was doing. IAMAL but it would seem any information collected would be suppressible, except that this is a civil action, so good luck with that. You've been bamboozled!  I wouldn’t worry too much about it. The lawyer would have to withdraw if they planned to have the lawyer testify about anything you told her, and that would probably mean the lawyer would forfeit some or all of her fee. So even beyond the ethical rules that others have mentioned, there is a practical reason why the lawyer wouldn’t want to do this type of investigation herself. Probably just an honest mixup.  My first instinct is that the lawyer was up to no good, but on the other hand, if she was conversing with OP with bad intentions, she would have to know that eventually they would face each other in court and she'd be caught. That makes me think me think that it might be accidental. She may just be working the pickup line, hoping to stumble across a potential client, but if that were the case, wouldn't she have mentioned she was a divorce attorney? Or maybe shes just another busy mom taking time out of the middle of the day to pick up the kids. Honestly, this might be innocent or it might be nefarious, it could go either way. If she uses any of the information you gave her against you in court, then it's time to scream "Shenanigans!" but it sounds like you didnt give her anything anyway. Or simply if her lawyer doesn't want her to do anything to kill rapport, just wait till things are settled until you file a complaint. While not a lawyer, I can't believe it is OK for her to pretend to be friends with a person she is suing to get information. OP will also have a better idea about her husband's lawyer afterward. If she didn't know, that doesn't necessarily mean she shouldn't have known. She practices family law, she needs to be aware her clients will have children and may have children near her own children's ages. When she takes on a client, she needs to check conflicts. Something went wrong here if she didn't know. Could be a coincidence... lawyers will typically not do the things that youre insinuating. If anything I would speak with your lawyer and express these concerns to him. Hopefully no slap on the wrist if she didn't know. Rarely will the bar disciplinary authorities get involved in an active case when the opposing client is complaining about a lawyer. First thing you should do while going through a nasty legal proceeding that personal information can be used against you is to close or suspend your social media presence. Don’t risk it. You will survive without it.  Errors and Commissions insurance can easily hit 5-7% of revenue for an attorney, for example.  OR It could be a coincidence. It would be pretty stupid to risk your career over getting that kind of involvement in their divorce. It's totally possible this was just a coincidence and she was just as surprised as you when you walked in the room so she kept her mouth shut because she realized then and there what she had done. I have never worked at a law firm where paralegals are paid $15/hr, and you're billed a higher hourly amount than paralegals are paid because having a law firm also involves significant overhead and other expenses that need to be recouped. The lawyer in the above hypothetical is doing an initial review and consultation (let's say two hours), reviewing the file before the hearing (let's say an hour) and attending the hearing (with travel time, let's say maybe two hours). At a fairly low rate of $300/hr for the attorney you're now already at $1500. Add in paralegal time, let's say $75 an hour, and you're definitely getting into a few thousand dollars pretty quickly. I'm not sure there was deceitful behaviour. If the hearing was the first time the opposing lawyer saw you in person, it was likely a first appearance date/to be spoken to (I am unfamiliar with MD family law procedure). Given that you both have children the same age, it does not seem outside the realm of possibility that it just so happened that the lawyer began befriending you, especially if you live in a small town. Going to these extreme lengths to gain information for a case in it's early stages does not make a lot sense, and in general, the risk would not outweigh the reward.  Legal aide here. Attorneys take multiple cases at once, typically. Their team assists with filing and letters and research. That being said. Attorneys are hyper-vigilant about this type of ethics violation. It’s very unlikely the other party’s attorney wasn’t aware of OP. Either way, I would make an ethics complaint. If she did/didn’t make a mistake, she may get a slap on the wrist. A paralegal’s work isn’t worth a few thousand dollars. It’s worth the $15 an hour or so you pay them. People pay for a lawyer’s work and nearly always get a paralegal’s work.  I think most people prefer paying a few thousand and having a paralegal do most the work to paying tens of thousands and having the lawyer do most of the work, but if people want to do the latter they can hire firms that do that or talk to their attorney about it. This seems extremely likely to me. IANAL, just work with them, and I cannot imagine any of them 1) doing their own background check work, much less doing it in person; they would hand that off to me to do on the internet; and 2) risking so much for stuff they could learn from their own client or the internet. Most attorneys I work with take the code of professional ethics very seriously, and will spend huge amounts of time investigating the law if they even suspect there might be an ethics issue involved. And, yeah, it’s 100% possible to forget the name of an opposing party unless the file is in front of them. Tbh, it sounds like she was trying to make a new potential client connection. So worth the thousands of dollars to immediately be handed off to a paralegal until the night before the hearing. I wonder why people don’t like lawyers? Practicing litigators RARELY have 1 client, especially in a divorce matter. There just aren’t many legal matters that require allllll of an attorney’s time. It’s just not economically feasible.  NAL, but I feel like being friends with the other side is a conflict of interest and violates 1.7 Likely? No. Possible? Yeah. Suspension is more likely that disbarrment. I was tired when I wrote it and couldn't think of the word (feel free to laugh, I am right now) and meant to go back and edit it in. In addition to the clear engagement in fraudulent and deceptive activity and the violation of 4.2, I think there is a vioaltion of 1.7, section a part 2. OP doesn't have to be a client to fall under the conflict of interest rule. "There is a significant risk that the representation of one or more clients will be materially limited by the lawyer's responsibilities to another client, a former client or a third person or by a personal interest of the lawyer" If OP is the lawyer's "friend," that would make OP a third person who poses a risk to limiting the representation of OP's ex So to summarize, disbarrment is so incredibly unlikely that I probably shouldn't have said it, but it still worth reporting in an attempt to get a suspension   Can you possibly explain how you think it's a conflict of interest under the Maryland RPC? Or the ABA model rules, they're basically the same. Sure, if the lawyer knew who she was, it's a communication in violation of 4.2. But I can't even begin to see any issue under 1.7 or 1.8. Unless you think she somehow formed an attorney-client relationship with OP? But that's pretty absurd. And disbarment is barely even a remote possibility on these facts. Maybe, maybe a suspension, if it was completely intentional and she knew full well what she was doing. But if she wasn't stealing from or sleeping with her client, assuming no prior disciplinary issues, I can't imagine disbarment for a 4.2 issue. From a professional ethics standpoint, violating a duty to a third party isn't viewed nearly as seriously as violating a duty to your client or to the court. Not that she wouldn't be in trouble, but disbarred? No way. How big is this town? If it's a small town, I'd chalk it up to it being a small town thing and move on.  Why wait?  I’m waiting for one of the armchair lawyers in here trying to send OP to the state bar to explain to me how requesting someone be your friend on social media constitutes a communication about the subject matter of the representation when the friend request contains no communication whatsoever beyond “would you like to be my friend?” How is friending the opposing party communicating with them about the subject matter of the representation? Exactly.  It's possible she knew who you were and was trying to fish for information, but I would be really surprised. Lawyers have lots of cases, lots of clients, and often little time. I really doubt she went out and stalked her new client's spouse for small talk info that could be learned though much easier means. If she knew, then yeah it's probably an ethics violation. But I think it's just as likely that she's generally a chatty person who happened to have a kid in the same school. Lawyers (especially family law ones) can be pretty friendly, that's one way of getting clients. It's a small world and I'm constantly surprised how small. The risk/benefit here just doesn't add up to me. (Am a lawyer who practices in a smallish town and it's impossible to avoid seeing opposing parties and clients at random places around town and unless you've met them before, there's really no way of knowing.) If she’s a busy family law lawyer, she did the initial consult and handed the file off to her paralegal until the night before the hearing.  Do lawyers usually have only one client? I've always noticed firms and individuals taking on multiple cases at once or helping their team with other cases. If the lawyers child does attend the school it doesn't seem that unlikely she would have consoled the OP looking stressed. A lot of people telling you to go to the state bar to file a grievance. You should, but not right now. Check with an attorney in your jurisdiction but you probably have a few years to do so. The state bar isn't going to do anything for you. Their job is to discipline attorneys which is good for the profession, but doesn't provide any help to you in this divorce matter which is likely to be over before the bar gets done with their investigation and hearings. I assume you have an attorney, tell them about this and get them to make a motion to the judge in your case disqualifying the other attorney due to improper communication. (Your attorney probably won't want to, but you should press it if you really feel you were harmed). There's a chance the judge may even sanction the attorney in some way, which could mean a small bit of money for you. If the judge disqualifies her then you're good, if the judge doesn't, the state bar would be very unlikely to do anything to her either. I can say with near certainty that if you go to the state bar while the divorce case is still active they will tell you to go to the judge first. About 90% of most state's bar complaints are dismissed at intake.  It might be a good idea to talk to her lawyer BEFORE filing a bar complaint. Technically anyone has a right to file a complaint, but her attorney might not like her filing a complaint against another attorney while he's trying to build a professional rapport with that attorney so that they can make a deal constructively. I think the most just thing is that she files the complaint no matter what, but if her attorney has a strong objection to it he could fire her as a client. I am not familiar with the ethical rules governing attorneys in MD and I am not your lawyer. However, speaking in generalities, this is likely an ethical violation which can (or should) be reported to the state disciplinary body governing attorneys, [](). Inform your attorney, who will know how best to handle this.  Could be.  I dunno, I think it's a shitty lawyer who doesn't know who she's suing. Repetitive minor offenses may add up to a major offense. I’m wondering if you can file a grievance with the bar or report it/request it be investigated. Before anything else, if you have an attorney, inform them of this.  For those of you that are saying it is a "conflict of interest." Stop. You don't know you're talking about. Even in layman's terms, a conflict of interest would mean that an attorney is attempting to represent two sides of opposing sides, and that's not even close to what is happening here. The attorney, may be violating 4.2 of professional responsiblity (I believe Maryland uses the ABA standard rules): A lawyer shall not communicate about the subject of the representation with a person the lawyer knows to be represented by another lawyer... Contact the Maryland state bar and file a complaint, make sure your attorney knows what has happened, and your attorney will likely disclose this to the judge as well. Unlikely, but not exceptionally unlikely. Disbarring is reserved for criminal or unethical behavior, and this is extremely unethical Exceptionally unlikely she would get disbarred. In general unless you fuck around with client money that doesn't happen. Probably a reprimand, maybe even a private one. Explain this to your lawyer. It will severely damage her credibility, and therefore his case, in court. Also report her to the bar. This is grounds for getting disbarred as it violates a bunch of rules, the foremost being conflict of interest Maryland... Explain this to your lawyer. He might be able to use it to his advantage for you. Otherwise, he might refer you to: http://www.calbar.ca.gov/Public/Complaints-Claims IANAL but if someone did this to me, I’d file a state bar complaint. Let them sort it out.  If you are represented she violated the rule against communications with a represented party. If you did not have a lawyer, she could speak to you but had an obligation to reveal who she was. This assumes she knew who you were. If you have a lawyer discuss this with them. Otherwise. an option is to complain to the disciplinary body in your jurisdiction, but you might want wait until the divorce is final.  If anything it's a conflict of interest  If she’d known who it was this before hand.  You should have jumped in feet first. Fed her bad intelligence and get her disbarred.  Why is that unusual.... Is there some sort of body that regulates lawyers where you live? You could (and should) make a complaint against her there. As a side note, it's unusual that your husband hired a female lawyer. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but from experience, it's uncommon for that to happen.