 I’ve lived in my NYC apartment for over 4 years, and in NYC in general for over 15 years. In October, three new tenants moved into the building- next door, below, and above my apartment. Above me, they stomp around at ridiculous times and its bizarrely loud. In 15 years as an apartment dweller, and 4 years in this building, I have never had this problem. Still- I can get past this. It’s annoying, but not such a huge deal. Next door, I can suddenly hear those new neighbors, through my walls. Usually when they have people over- talking, laughing, yelling. Again, annoying, but not the worst thing. Below me, those new neighbors have gained access to the courtyard/backyard space, which my bedroom over looks. The weekend they moved in, and almost every weekend since, they have loud, obnoxious, frat parties, with screaming girls and loud music. When the weather was nice it was indoors and outdoors, but now that it’s cold it’s only indoors, but it can be loud enoughthat it feels like the party is inside my apartment. I have made voice recordings of the noise, other tenants have complained, I have written my building management after every weekend, and they have done nothing. The noise has barely dialed back, and I dread every impending weekend. Also, the heat is barely on, and I currently don’t have hot water, but that is apparently being fixed. I’ve asked to be let out of the lease early, and they refuse. My lease is up April 1, and I’d like to leave as soon as possible. Not only will they not let us out of the lease, they want to start showing the apartment and haven’t answered other questions until I tell them what time is good for them to bring new prospective tenants over. Now- I’ve got 2.5 months rent security in this apartment. I am considering eating the cost of the half month, and blocking the building management from accessing my bank account, and just saying they can use the security deposit for the last two months (they take the rent out of my bank directly). Since they haven’t helped me with these tenants, I won’t help them show the place. What are the potential repercussions here? I understand I may end up on a do not rent list, but I’ll be moving out with my boyfriend, who’s name isn’t on my lease. Is this a dumb move? Yes, it is a dumb move. You won't get a walk through and they will be able to take your security deposit for any damages they can list and document - you will have trouble being able to remedy those nor to dispute them without the walkthrough. And then they can take you to court for the ditched rent and for the fees involved in suing you for the rent. April may seem like a long ways away but it's only a few months and you are wiser to tough it out at this point. And if the parties and problems continued unabated - start calling the police if quiet hours are violated. Multiple tenants complaining about this problem and having the police involved may change your landlord's attitude. 