 I had booked an entire trip through Expedia (return flights + hotel). A day after the booking, I got a mail saying the flights were cancelled and I was given a refund for this. After calling Expedia and insisting, I got no reason as to why they were cancelled. I asked them if the hotel was cancelled as well and they confirmed that it was not. I called the hotel directly and they confirmed the booking as well. On the day of travel (almost 2 months after the booking), I called up the hotel to confirm my arrival time and they mentioned that the booking was cancelled by Expedia about 10 days after we had booked with them. I had received no communication whatsoever about this and no refund for the hotel either. I called up Expedia and they promised I would receive a refund within a week. A month goes by and nothing. I called them and got the same reply or was asked to call back because their "system wasn't responding". Eventually I got tired of this and raised a dispute case with my credit card company. A month later, yesterday, I recieve a reply stating that the dispute case was denied. Expedia provided a letter stating that "the customer called to request a refund due to cancellation" and that the booking was non-refundable. They worded the statement very cheekily making the reader assume that I had cancelled the booking, but I had not (I did call and ask for a refund, but because THEY had cancelled the reservation and were refusing to help me any other way). In fact it was the customer care officer who said that he would raise a case for refund while I was literally expecting them to find me another hotel as I was about to board my flight and had no other option! Now the credit card company has asked me to reply within 15 days with documentation. I have no idea what to do now as this is a ridiculous situation. I'm not sure how to get any documentation to prove that Expedia cancelled the booking, not me. Any advice would be helpful. Thanks in advance! P.S. I've learnt my lesson never to book using these 3rd party travel agent websites.  Well after nearly 6 months, this has come to a close and for others out there facing a similar issue, maybe this will be helpful. After my credit card company rejected my first dispute because of Expedia's sneaky response, I tried my best to get whatever evidence I could about the actual transaction. I spoke to the hotel and got written confirmation from them that Expedia cancelled the booking a month before the trip. Expedia had mentioned on their reply that I had called to cancel, which was on the day of the trip so it was not technically possible that they cancelled the hotel on my behalf. Then I formulated a letter with all the bullet points (with dates) about when things were booked, all conversations etc. I also highlighted the indirect and incorrect insinuation by omission of all facts through expedias reply with their clever language. This strongly worded letter with weak evidence was my final hope that I would atleast get a refund, even though I think I deserve a lot more for the inconvenience they actually caused me. I'm happy to say that my second dispute was eventually approved. Atleast I feel like the fight was worth it and I've achieved victory, no matter how little. Now I can let this matter rest peacefully and move on! Thanks for listening and helping out you guys! That's exactly right. They've left me in quite a helpless situation.  Sorry, I misread something earlier. Email Expedia or talk with their chat support online to try to get it in writing. Try to confirm the day they say the room was canceled, and then ask for the same information from the hotel. Hopefully, you can catch them in the lie. Sorry this is happening. Hope it gets worked out.  Yes. We know, and OP has already stated she's learned her lesson about booking through them, so I didn't see any reason to focus on how awful they were being. The email will act as proof to the credit card company that Expedia canceled the booking.  It's neither relevant nor in doubt that expedia cancelled the hotel booking. The relevant fact here is that expedia did not cancel the hotel booking _at the request of OP_ but on their own volition, but they are portraying the case to the CC company as such (or at least doing their darnest to not clear up any misconceptions about this).  Email the hotel. Then you'll have a response on paper that says Expedia canceled. You might also be able to chat with them online and take screenshots. I did contact them. They told me that Expedia cancelled the booking but they could only email me the invoice which basically contained a $0 fee and no other information. They provided me the cancellation number, however. Is it prudent in this situation to call Expedia and ask for the reason for cancellation along with the number? I have no idea how I could prove what Expedia is claiming is false. Without lawyering up against them atleast, which will cost me more than to 2-3 days stay cost.  Contact the hotel, and ask them to send you confirmation that Expedia canceled the booking. I'm sorry this happened. :( 