 So I my gf’s friend rented a party bus for her birthday. I was DJing, playing music, drinking a beer. I see this guy I don’t know grinding on my girlfriend with his junk in her face. I quickly approached him and tapped him on the shoulder. The music is loud so admittedly I am in his face, and I say “Hey you know she’s got a boyfriend. What are you doing??” And immediately this results in him pushing me away. I fall and pull him down with me. He pins me down with his knee and gets ready to swing. My friend comes to back me up and pulls him off of me. My friend pins him down while people are now breaking up the fight. I see the guy on top of my friend and I broke loose and pushes him off of him again and now the fight is broken up. We are both on opposite ends of the bus screaming at each and eventually things settle down. I decided to man up and apologize because I wanted the night to go on. The guy and I made amends and we both apologized. His gf who was also on the party bus and happens to be good friends with my gf (they both work together) calls my gf and informs her that the guy wants to press charges against my friend because apparently he could barely walk today and he thinks he has a slipped disc? But when his gf called mine she said she was at the bar with her where she works. So I’m doubting this. What do you think I should do? I don’t want any legal action out of this on my part or his because of our gf’s relationship. He said he does not want to press charges against me because he understands why I did what I did? That doesn’t make much sense to me but I feel like I have more of a case against him than he does against me or my friend but again, I don’t wish to take legal action. Does anyone have any advice? What would you do in this situation if this was happening to your SO? I know I’m not going to let my SO get grinded on and junk put in her face. Also just cuz you put people in handcuffs doesn’t mean they are guilty. Like you said that is for the DA to decide Self defense is defense of one's self. Full stop. However the DA can make exceptions. He is still probably going to be charged with assault. He didn’t do anything physical until the guy attacked him! He simply tapped the guy on the shoulder and then the guy pushed him. While being pushed he grabbed the guy and pulled him to the ground. And the was about to be beat up but his friend saved him! This is not self defense, he actively and physically engaged another person and potentially injured him, after disengaging from a different physical altercation. Not a lawyer. To me this all sounds like self defense. He initiated the fight and then your friend acted to defend you. People have the right to defend themselves and defend other people if they are being harmed. I would say this guy doesn’t have a case if this is exactly how it happened. If you so much as bumped him or pulled him away from your girlfriend then you don’t have as strong of a case for self defense. Your friend still does cuz he was protecting you.  Ok that makes sense. No one who matters cares how police think you look. All that matters is what they can prove. Don't admit to fighting unless you're speaking to a lawyer. Talking is what is going to make you look guilty. The police are going to try hard to make you think that if you just explain it to them they’ll understand and this will go away. Then they’re going to use your words to convict you of crimes. Don’t make it that easy for them.  Wouldn’t that make me look guilty? I’d say we weren’t in the wrong at all. He initiated contact and my friend was just a mediator. If you are contacted by the police you should politely decline to answer their questions and retain a lawyer. Your friend should do the same. 