 When you begin updating that to investigating him with a PI. And when you've been following this person for 5 years. You are toeing a line. Pursuing this is not going to go the way you want it to. Please tell me how us viewing his public profile on a public website all the while never adding, contacting or interacting with him is a form of criminal harrassment? Ill wait. Thanks again for nothing. [removed]  Because you don't seem to understand that right now you're pursuing criminal harassment, not your sense of justice.  They would have had him examined by a psychiatrist as well as a medical doctor (if necessary). That is the way they determine competence.  Thankyou we are considering all the options. Im aware that the man had to routinely stand infront of a judge and meet with a doctor but i just wasn't sure what the state of Florida did if anything, to actually see if this guy was truely incompetent or just putting on a fantastic act to remain free. She lost one of the most important people in her life due to someone choosing to drive while intoxicated.. I can't imagine you nor anyone else in her position would suffer through that loss, with no justice served and not occasionally look at the active facebook of the murderer. No degree just applying common sense and wondering how if you can operate a facebook displaying a normal life/articulating well written texts, you are incompetent to stand trial. Stalking was a bit of a stretch. If you didnt have anything to contribute why even write that, Thanks for nothing. feel free to sue him civilly. i don't think the incompetence or lack thereof would be an issue there I am sorry your girlfriend lost her grandfather, but hiring a PI is not going to accomplish anything. Depending on what happened with the charges, the man may well be immune from being tried again due to double jeopardy. She would be better off sitting down with a lawyer who can look into the case and finding out what is going on, whether charges are even possible, and if so, whether the police and prosecutor are interested in taking a second look at the case.  Setting aside whether or not double jeopardy would apply here (And it very well may): To what end? Why is your GF facebook stalking this man? So your degree in psychiatry/medicine is from...?