 A co-worker of mine has had nothing but problems with a woman at her apartment complex. This woman happens to live with the manager of said complex. The issues have revolved around this woman letting her dogs out and not putting them on leashes (there is a leash law). On Wednesday, my friend went home to let her dog out when this woman let hers out. Her dog came running towards my friend so she picked up her dog and turned her back right when the dog jumped and scratched her across her back. Called the police, animal control took the woman’s dog. On Friday, my friend got home and found her dog in the back of her kennel, shaking and limping. My friend was smart enough to put a camera in her apartment. The camera shows this same woman coming into her apartment and beating the shit out of her dog. Of course, police were called and woman was arrested for breaking and entering and animal abuse. Current situation, my friend has reported every incident to the district manager. Through all of this, the complex manager has done nothing since the woman lives with her. The district manager is offering to cover the vet bills but is there anything else that can be done? The manager and district manager knew everything this woman was doing and didn’t do anything about it. Sadly it took a dog getting abused to get the woman fired.  Especially if said co-worker can arrange to work from home for a month. I think some places do that, not sure if all do it though. The apartment manager's gender is never referenced. The dog-beating works at the apartment complex in some capacity (re: the post title) and is likely the woman who was referred to as being finally fired in the last sentence. it doesn't say anything about the apartment manager being fired at all Restraining order! A restraining order prohibiting her from being within a mile of OP's apartment would do it pretty effectively, actually. Self-eviction, even.  I wonder if he could be charged with something if that could be proven. The way I read it, the apartment manager has been fired, after the woman who lives with her went into OP’s apartment and beat OP’s dog. I would guess that’s because she didn’t prevent an unauthorized person from gaining access to OP’s apartment. I seem to recall, but may be mistaken, that if your tenancy depends upon your employment at that place, then being fired means you no longer may stay. Obviously this may vary by location, but it stuck out to me because it seems like the rare case where instant removal of a tenant is possible without thirty days or more notice.  I'd guess through the keys of her roommate, the building manager... How did the woman get access to the apartment? Your co-worker can get a Restraining Order against said attacker, thus rendering her unable to go back to the property while your CW is there, thus rendering her liable for whatever her rent is, and not being able to live there. Ahh, sweet revenge. The apartment complex can evict the woman only if she is violating a provision of her lease. It's likely that her lease has a provision against committing crimes, but you yourself cannot evict her; only the apartment complex can. You can complain to the apartment complex and express your desire that she be evicted. You can and should attempt to obtain a restraining order against the woman (which might de facto kick her out of her apartment if she cannot be within a certain distance of your residence), and you should call the police and ask about including restitution for your vet bills in the criminal charges. If the police don't pursue restitution, you can sue her in small claims court (or your state equivalent).