 I have 3 medium/large dogs and one large dog I've been watching for a few months. We have a fenced in yard, and have them out to go to the bathroom/play every few hours. Normally, if someone walks by, the 3 by themselves just run and bark. When we added the big one, they seemed to double their protectiveness and now all 4 just go nuts and have on multiple occasions broken the fence. So we fix it, it breaks again, and on and on. Big one was supposed to be here a month...6 months ago. Should be able to give him back end of Feb but not sure. Most of the time people are super understanding and see right away that the dogs are just super excited (has happened 3 times since the big one came ). They've never bit, these dogs get bullied around by the cat. I've always been right there, but sometimes one slips past me and charges the gate. Tonight a neighbor with a small dog walking past saw the dogs going nuts and just turned around. They didn't even get out but you could see the fence is wobbly (was broken there before and super reinforced but it does have a little bit of give). I'm super thankful she just avoided the situation but now I'm worried she was actually scared of my dogs. Neighbor is known to call the cops for everything. (Can't really blame her though she's over 70 and probably shouldn't directly confront possibly dangerous people) Sorry if this is scattered. Bottom line, are there and legal issues here? They are all registered, up to date on shots. I watch them like a hawk, but with 4 there's only so much I can do. Am thinking of letting them out one or two at a time if needed.  Well yes, she probably is scared of your dogs. I would be. You need to fix the fence so that they don't keep getting out, and if they have the tendancy to run and bark at the fenceline then you should be outside supervising them, and working on the behaviour problem. The legal issue you will encounter is the dogs getting out and injuring someone, or getting picked up by animal control (who will then fine you).  Thank you so much!  You as a dog owner have a duty to keep your dogs under control. Which means you need to make sure that they cannot get out of your yard. You should look into securing the fence in a way they cannot destroy. T posts and no climb can do wonders. Also you should work on your dogs reactiveness. r/reactivedogs and r/dogtraining are good resources. Also make sure your dogs are vaccinated, and listened. Per your city/ county/ state laws. If and when your local animal control shows up, you are going to need to provide proof of that info. Also your vet is a good place to help with ideas on how to work with your dogs.  Yes, there is a problem with your massive dogs breaking a fence and possibly getting out to hurt people. Reinforce the fence or limit their access to control the dogs.