 Throwaway. I’m gonna go out with a guy who is a police officer. It’s a NSA type of thing, so were not dating or trying to enter a committed relationship. For those reasons, I didn’t give out my last name or any other personal details. However, it just downed on me that he has more access to that than any other regular citizen. I will be driving to our meetup location and I’m thinking that he could just run my plate and have all the info, like my address, full name, etc. I am not concerned about this per se, but I’m just thinking forward and considering the possibility that if/when I want to end it, he will have my address, license plate, DoB, plus any other info that their systems show. I was wondering if they can just run any plate/person randomly in the system without reason, such as a pull over. If so, what info do they have access to? Thanks.  . .  .  . Who monitors them?  I'd chick this into the "moral. Character" and "ethical violations" category.  People lose their jobs over that. People have gone to prison over that. I wouldn't spend too much time worrying about it.  No Strings Attached, not National Security Agency. Not true. The DOJ CJIS will terminate the entire agency's access and they will basically be unable to function if they permit or condone misuse of NCIC. OIG If he works for the federal government he is not going to risk his career misusing official databases. NSA/CYBERCOM employees are either civilian or military but they are not police officers and don't have routine access to databases like NCIC where you can "run plates." The FBI would, but again, no one would risk their job for that. CIA, NRO, etc. have very little role in US domestic affairs and definitely would not have any way to easily get license plate records. Take an Uber to the meet-up, at least he wont have your plates to run. Just a thought. Not legal advice, but you could take an uber to the first meetup if you want. They replied to you because there is no Secretary of the Department of Justice in the United States. The DOJ is led by the Attorney General. If his department covers your physical address and you had any history with police in the past, he'll be able to look you up in the internal record keeping software and see that information without any log of that check being done. Running your registration and/or license will be harder because any attempt to access that info is logged. If you have a criminal history from another state or locale outside of where you physically live he'll need a legitimate reason to access that info. That involves providing a case or blotter number that will lead back to a narrative of why he accessed the info. In short, yes he can access some of your information. Would he bother? I don't know. I'm a police dispatcher and I don't run my romantic partners. Not sure why you replied to me, but them too.  You mean the Attorney General? Other possible answers include the office of civil rights civil liberties, DOJ's Office of the Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office, and Congress.  The Secretary of the Department of Justice.  Can he check you up? Yes, most definitely. Is he allowed to? No, not at all. Does it still happen? Sadly, yes. So, make up your own mind on the risk management. It can happen. That’s what I figured just would have been unfortunate if a person received a call and started an investigation only to be fired/reprimanded because they saw it was a celebrity and didn’t check to see if they actually had wanted it done To be clear, if the celebrity happened to call the 800 number and you got the call, all was good. If, in between calls, you searched the database for a celebrity, that was bad. What if the celebrity wanted an investigation into their credit card history Would you need proof or would that be handled by a senior ranking member? Same when I worked for a credit card company. We were told "Yes, Brad Pitt has a card with us. We have flagged celebrity accounts and searching for one will result in an immediate investigation and dismissal." Who monitors the FBI? Also, one needs to take into account is how much of a risk it actually is. Police officers have been caught on video doing much worse than peeking into information and gotten away with less than a slap on the wrist for it.  LOL I think the psych profile is to weed out the sane ones. Yes he can have access to your vehicle and driver license information. It's illegal for him to use any of this information for non-criminal justice purposes. Departments do audit access to state databases and NCIC so if he does abuse it there will be a record of it. Don't assume that he's doing it, most cops aren't dumb enough to risk their careers... But... Some are...  The entire department can lose their access if they don't have internal controls and follow the protocol. Most celebrities and public figures are flagged and the NCIC administrators instantly know who ran them. While in the academy, there is always stories of dumbasses who run Barack Obama, or Elvis Presley, or other famous people, then the department gets a visit from the FBI, and the officer gets his access rescinded  Yep. I dated a cop this summer and just through my phone number she pulled up a lot on me. She was cool and there were conversations that needed to be had but most certainly there won't be a lot of privacy on your end.  While he has access to everything about you, he almost certainly would be violating his agency's policy if he ran you (or someone else) for a reason that wasn't directly law enforcement/investigative related. On top of that, if the search entails accessing a federal database (for which his agency has permission to use), this is crime and also a violation of his agency's policy. Any search he does, any database he accesses, is logged. These logs can later be audited if he is suspected of inappropriately accessing it for illegitimate reasons.  -keeping inconsistencies make it impossible to know how many violations occur. The FBI does. They run NCIC and do the audits that catch the stupid people that do this kind of crap.  There is a lot of information out there on the internet that one can obtain without being a LEO. One just needs to know how to find it. Some of it requires a small fee but it's there. FWIW, my deputy sheriff friend "ran me" on his patrol car computer when I was sitting next to him and got my complete information without blinking an eye. But, a lot of police do it, all the time, and never get fired. They get CAUGHT doing it, with complaints filed against individual officers by their victims, and still do not get fired. In my opinion, you shouldn't be too concerned. To become a law enforcement officer, you have to undergo a rigorous background/character /psych /polygraph examination in most departments. I would venture to say a high percentage would do the right thing and not misuse any power they have. Are there a few apples in the bunch? Sure.  Assume the worst. From a technical legal point of view he shouldn't be checking. But in all practicality things like that happen all the time (but varies by state/city, of course).   DENVER (AP) — Police officers across the country misuse confidential law enforcement databases to get information on romantic partners, business associates, neighbors, journalists and others for reasons that have nothing to do with daily police work, an Associated Press investigation has found. Criminal-history and driver databases give officers critical information about people they encounter on the job. But the AP’s review shows how those systems also can be exploited by officers who, motivated by romantic quarrels, personal conflicts or voyeuristic curiosity, sidestep policies and sometimes the law by snooping. In the most egregious cases, officers have used information to stalk or harass, or have tampered with or sold records they obtained. No single agency tracks how often the abuse happens nationwide, and record-keeping inconsistencies make it impossible to know how many violations occur. But the AP, through records requests to state agencies and big-city police departments, found law enforcement officers and employees who misused databases were fired, suspended or resigned more than 325 times between 2013 and 2015. They received reprimands, counseling or lesser discipline in more than 250 instances, the review found. Take a Lyft or Uber to your meeting place. Nothing wrong with being cautious.  He has access to basically everything about you. Now, is he going to check on you without probable cause? If he wants to keep his job, then no. They can’t just access civilian information like they do in TV. They actually get fired for that. 