 My two young sons (6/2) and myself (white SUV) heading east on a road that does not have any stop signs. All of the cross streets do have a stop sign. As I approach this intersection, I see a city snow plow start to enter the intersection from a stop sign. I realize I am going to hit him and attempt to stop, but as you can see in the pictures, because of the icy road conditions, I begin to slide and hit the rear passenger tire of the snow plow (luckily- and not the metal bed.) My airbags deploy and I immediately call a squad to have them check my sons. City Police (same as the snow plow) come and take statement from each. I am then issued a citation for “failure to control” (and blame) even though I have the right-of-way and no stop sign. I refuse to sign the ticket but am basically forced to and told I am able to fight it in court. Per the police report online, the snow plow states he was stopped at the stop sign and saw me approaching the intersection. The picture they “create” on the report even has the stop sign for him, and not for me. According to Ohio Revised Code: “A) Except when directed to proceed by a law enforcement officer, every driver of a vehicle or trackless trolley approaching a stop sign shall stop at a clearly marked stop line, but if none, before entering the crosswalk on the near side of the intersection, or, if none, then at the point nearest the intersecting roadway where the driver has a view of approaching traffic on the intersecting roadway before entering it. After having stopped, the driver shall yield the right-of-way to any vehicle in the intersection or approaching on another roadway so closely as to constitute an immediate hazard during the time the driver is moving across or within the intersection or junction of roadways.” How am I at fault? •I have the right of way •Other driver states he saw me approaching while he is at a stop sign •I cannot avoid hitting him Is this 100% worth fighting in court? (Sorry for any formatting issues. I am on mobile.)  It is true that it is a good idea to exercise your right to remain silent. Chances are anything you said wouldn’t have affected the officer’s choice to issue a citation. Also remember that responsibility for the accident is determined by the insurance companies more than the officers at the scene. It is most important that you tell a clear story to the insurance company so they can determine how to move forward.  Fight it. Person with stop sign has to make sure way is clear before preceding. You were slowing down to stop when snow plow chose to ride through stop sign and create collision.  So I fucked myself saying I attempted to stop but couldn’t. Should have just said “don’t know what happened. It happened so quick.”  First you could have absolutely zero fault in the accident and still be guilty of failure to maintain control. And when you admitted you skidded into the plow, in a legal position or not, you likely admitted to the offense. Second, when the plow disregarded a traffic control device it likely took on liability. You may have taken on a share of that liability when you failed to maintain control.  I had told the officer I am refusing to sign and he said it’s not an admission of guilt, just that I received a copy and can attend the court date to fight. I will look more in-depth in the ORC for snow plows. Thank you.  Yes, go to court. You might check the ORC for language involving snowplows. I seem to recall at one point they were considered emergency vehicles (but even EV have to operate with due care), but my ORC knowledge is several years out of date. Remember that signing a traffic citation is not an admission of guilt. It's just promising that you'll take care of it. Had you refused to sign it, he could have arrested you, and that would have been a major pain for everyone. It is NOT a four way stop. I do not have a stop sign, yield sign, or ANYTHING. If it was at a traffic light and he has a red light and I have a green light, whose fault is it?  I was SHOCKED to read the police report and him say he SAW ME APPROACHING. I had already made peace with him not seeing me coming after I knew both my sons were perfectly fine - just a small scratch/“rug burn” on their neck from their seat belts.  The four way stop is why you’re likely to have a share of liability instead of all of it. Though I think all or most may remain a possibility unity.  This is 100% his fault. He has the duty to stop, then look both ways before proceeding. He did not. You didn’t crash into a stationary object, you crashed into someone running/not yielding at a stop sign. Fight it.  If it was a 4-way stop, I understand how and why it would be my fault. If the other driver obeyed his traffic laws, I wouldn’t have an obstacle to avoid. Yes, I couldn’t stop because it was icy and I slid. He states he saw me, yet continued into the intersection. “After having stopped, the driver shall yield the right-of-way to any vehicle in the intersection or approaching on another roadway so closely as to constitute an immediate hazard during the time the driver is moving across or within the intersection or junction of roadways.” I am the vehicle approaching on another roadway which was close enough for immediate hazard within the intersection. You’re at fault because you operated in such a way that when presented with an obstacle you were unable to avoid crashing into it. It sounds as though you’re guilty of failure to control and likely that the insurance companies will find you have a share of liability in the collision. 