 A friend who has been struggling with mental health and drug abuse recently became belligerent while at a casino in Rhode Island. He was under the influence of various drugs at the time. I don't know exactly which ones, but I'm assuming marijuana, LSD, and adderall, at the least. He got into an altercation with another man, and four security guards were needed to bring him under control, as he was fighting and flailing with them. A police officer came to assist and despite warnings to comply or be tased, my friend continued to resist and, according to the officer, hit the officer in the leg multiple times. He was tased twice. Once he was brought under control, a standard pat down was issued. He began falling to the ground, and again began struggling. He said to police that they were "robbing him." He then remarked to police that he could get them drugs if they wanted them. Another officer came to assist in the pat down, and after that officer put his hand on my friends shoulder, he turned his head and bit the officer's finger, refusing to let go. The officer required medical attention, but there were no serious injuries. He was ultimately charged with possession of a schedule I, II, III, IV, and V drug (felony); and three misdemeanors: simple assault and battery, resisting legal or illegal arrest, and disorderly conduct. He was brought to a health clinic, where he has now been for the past 3 weeks. Some background: while this behavior seems indefensible, you'll have to trust me that my friend is a good person. This is their first run in with the law ever-- no history of disciplinary actions against him in any sense. He's a smart kid, and the only way this story makes sense to me is that he totally lost it and had a full, drug-induced mental breakdown. Which leads me to my question... What is required in the facts of a case to make use of a temporary insanity defense? Does it have to be proven that he was "insane" when he chose to take the drugs? That he would not have acted in such a way sober? And assuming a temporary insanity defense could protect him from all charges besides the possession charges, what are the odds he may be given community service/ rehab for this, given it's his first charge? Basically, I'm just a friend, and have little influence on his defense strategy, so I'm not looking for advice exactly. His friends and I are just trying to get a sense of the consequences he could realistically be facing. Thanks so much. Appreciate the insight. Really too bad. He should be elated if he can avoid prison as it is a real possibility  -induced mental breakdown. The drug tests they will assuredly run on his blood will be very strong evidence that he was voluntarily intoxicated. That pretty much forecloses any possible mental disease or defect defense for the assault, resisting, and disorderly conduct charges. If you want to read about the common-law and modern jurisprudence behind that principle, read up on [Montana v. Egelhoff (1996)](). That doesn't mean that his mental health will not be taken into consideration in sentencing. Combined with his clean record, that's what his defense attorney will argue justifies lesser sentences. Thanks. What would you think the range of punishments are here? How to raise a temporary insanity defense is far far beyond casual Internet discussion. Your friend is in desperate need of an attorney and can discuss potential defenses with him. Though voluntary intoxication is not insanity. Well not legal insanity.  You can't get an insanity defense for voluntary intoxication. 