 I’ve been working full time for a company for about a year and a half, for a half year before that I worked for them under a temporary contract for 6 months. Right now I don’t have my full license for my trade just a residential license. They offer to pay for the schooling and stuff to have their guys fully licensed but they’ve been having issues with guys getting their license and leaving right after because realistically it’s easy to make a lot more money than they’re offering elsewhere. I’m supposed to get my license next month and I’ve always been told from the start (not in writing) from all my superiors that their is a “big” pay bump after you’re fully licensed. I know that it is around 15k because my co worker just went through the process of getting a raise. Now that my co-worker is leaving, I’ve heard through the grapevine that they will be making me sign a contract before getting my raise. When my co-worker quit they told him they’d give him a raise if he signed a 5 year contract so I’m assuming it will be similar to that. I’ve enjoyed my time here and I don’t have any plans of leaving any time soon. But I also don’t want to sign a contract as that feels weird and kind of like they don’t trust me. I just want to make sure what they’re doing is legal before I get my license and this happens. Should I be talking to a lawyer? Tl;dr: company is probably going to try and make me sign a 5-year contract before receiving a previously promised raise  Thank you for this I must of missed this reply when I first made the post. This will help a lot with my decisions. Lots of good advice  It is pretty common when a large corporation pays for you to go to school, trade or academic, for them to get you to sign a contract to work for X years after graduating or getting a license. For example if a firm pays for you to get an MBA, you probably have to work for 3 years upon graduation. A 5 year contract for a 15k raise seems a bit excessive though because surely you can get raises totalling 15K increase in base pay by working elsewhere for 5 years, right? Also, they aren't paying you a 1 time 15K bonus. Some companies will pay you a 1 time bonus (signing bonus) and you sign a contract stating you'll work a full year minimum. If you only work 6 months then you have to pay 50% of it back. In my case my firm paid for training materials to take exams to get my license, then I got a 1 time bonus upon passing all exams. I had to sign a contract for the bonus saying I'd work a year at least, otherwise I'd have to pay a prorata amount back. If I was in your shoes, for me to sign a 5 year contract I'd want to see a schedule of annual raises I was getting through year 5, not just a 1 time raise. I think they're trying to force this on people knowing that you can make more money elsewhere over a 5 year period (thus, why people are quitting). I'd counter propose that if they're concerned about people quitting, that they should make people sign a contract when they receive $1500 for training. $1500 is not very much so the contract should probabably be more for 1 year of employment. If they want to retain employees after you get fully licensed, then pay them a bonus for getting licensed and offer a new contract for that. Not sure if this is helpful for negotiations or not. Good luck.  If they pay for a $1500 course, they can ask to be reimbursed for it if you leave right after. Courts will enforce that kind of agreement, unless its a course specific to them only (of no use to you with any other employer). But the agreement would have to have some kind of declining scale for reimbursement the longer you stay. Say, 5% less for every month.  Not the license just the course required to take the exam to get the license. It was only $1500 but if I try to leave because of the contract they can technically come after me for that money I guess? Theirs been several guys that have left shortly after the raise and schooling and they just hired new guys (it doesn’t make much sense to me either). But it would suck if I was the first one to be pursued about it because I wouldn’t have taken the job if they didn’t offer the schooling and all that.  It is normal, legal, and even expected, that an employer asks an employee to sign an agreement to stay for a certain period of time after they pay for schooling, or else be paid back on a pro-rated basis if you leave. 