 Hey y’all. Let’s say you get to work at 1 for a 1-9 shift, and your employer says it’s not busy enough for you to clock in, wait until 1:45 or 2:00. Is this legal? Can I leave and consider the shift canceled and not face any consequences for this? Thanks.  This is called "waiting time". It appears Florida [does not have any state law]() and is thus governed by [federal law](): Under federal law, if they keep you on site, or otherwise you are severely bound in where you can go and what you can do, they are legally required to pay you normal salary for the time. If you are reasonably free to do non-work stuff around town for a reasonable time AND they have given you a time to report back (such as next shift), they do not need to pay you. What is considered a "reasonable time" is not well defined, but is generally at least a couple hours. If you are free to leave and are expected to remain available and have NOT been given a precise time to return, you would be considered ["on-call"](). Depending on the conditions places on you during the time, it may or may not be paid, mostly depending on whether you are effectively free to peruse life. Again, exactly what is considered a reasonable condition is not well defined. Florida is an "at-will" state, so they can fire you for basically any reason (baring specific exceptions) and thus if you challenge it, be prepared to be let go. You can try to sue for wrongful termination, but that is normally difficult - you probably did something wrong at some point that they can use as a valid reason to fire. The best way to challenge, if you want to, would be to file a [Wage Claim with the Department of Labor](). They can fire you for almost any reason, including none at all. If you insist on being paid for hours worked and they fire you for that, it'll be problematic. You should call your states labor board to be advised.  thanks. But what happens if they say I don’t have to stay in the store for the wait until it’s busy, I leave/go home, and they need me to clock in, but I had already left? Is that against the law if they fire me? If you're required to be there then they need to pay you. They've reserved your time. If they want you to sit there for 45 minutes, they're still buying that 45 minutes.