 About three- four years ago I bought a dog from a woman off craigslist, the dog was a puppy and there was no paper trail of the transaction because it was done in cash. I registered the dog under my name and still have the paperwork somewhere along with medical records. The woman I had been dating at the time (my now ex) occasionally helped with feeding my dog, and even took my dog to the vet once or twice while I was at work with my permission because the dogs face had swelled up due to an allergic reaction. During the time I was dating this woman she would every so often bring up what would happen to the dog in the event of a break up. I would usually tell her I didn’t know or that we would talk about it in the event of it happening. I realize now I should have told her that the dog was mine, and she was being delusional thinking I would allow her to have my dog. Being in love though and wanting to avoid conflict I didn’t speak my mind. The relationship with this woman continued for about a year and a half after I got my dog. We moved in together and things went downhill fast. We started fighting all the time. We were on the verge of breaking up and one of us moving out of our living space for what felt like the longest time. The last few months of the relationship she started bringing up what would happen to the dog in the event of a break up more and more. I didn’t stand my ground and I told her that she could have my dog if we were to break up. This was the dumbest thing I could have said to her. I lied to her. I never had any intention of allowing her to have my dog in the event of a break up. I said this because I wanted to put an end to her constant asking. We got into a particularly bad fight one evening, I left our living space to stay with my family and wasn’t able to take my dog with me. My ex threatened to call the police and cry about being assaulted if I made an attempt to pry my dog out of her arms. I left and went to stay with my family. A day or two later I hadn’t heard from the ex, I left texts saying that my dog needed to be returned or I would take legal action. Later that evening or the following day I was served with an order of protection from a friend of hers. This was a complete surprise to me, and something I later found out she had been orchestrating for months with her friends. The order of protection immediately freed us from our lease, kept me from any contact with her for a year, but the main reason I believe she did this was because it granted her custody of my dog. (Because she claimed she was partial owner due to the fact that she sometimes helped feed or take the dog out while we lived together) My ex also claimed I was abusive to her and the dog. Neither of which claims were paired with any evidence other than alligator tears and her friend backing her up in a declaration. This was was enough to sway the judge to grant the order of protection. The court case cost my family thousands in lawyer fees and left me with no money to try to take her to small claims courts to get my dog back. Time has passed and I have a small amount of money I could possibly use to try and get my dog back but unfortunately I have no evidence of payment on my part to repay her for medical bills. The order has passed since and I’m thankful I no longer have to interact with my batshit crazy ex but I’m also heartbroken that I no longer have my dog. I sometimes hear from friends that they’ve seen my ex with my dog around town and it hurts like nothing else. I don’t know if its worth pursuing but its been something I’ve been thinking a lot about since losing my dog. I heard from my current partner today that my ex was spotted walking the dog so thats why I’m posting.  You told her she could have it in the event of a break up. You broke up, she has the dog. You could certainly try small claims court, but your argument is shaky. 