 Hey r/legaladvice I have a situation where father in law is a disabled adult and his wife is taking advantage of him financially and neglecting his needs. I'm providing some background at the bottom of this post. Wife and I live in Seattle but father in law was moved to Spokane, wa by his wife. We need an attorney to advise as we are confident according to Washington state law constitutes vulnerable adult abuse. We also have reason to believe his wife is in a relationship outside of their marriage. What type of attorney would best be suited to advise and push for the best interest of my father in law and if it comes to it, promote prosecuting his wife, wifes son, and wifes mother? Background: Father in law is disabled from a brain anyeurism that almost killed him, he was in ICU for nearly a year and in a coma for many months. He is cross eyed so cant drive (could be corrected with glasses) and cant wall (could be restored with physical therapy). His wife and her mother and adult children all take advantage of him financially. In fact he only sees his wifr maybe once a month, and she never sleeps in their apartment. She has total access to his account and he is now facing eviction. The property manager at his apartment complex very worriedly reached out to give us some background and a heads up. I know she took a huge risk calling us because I am not on the lease and we have no legal right to discuss his tenancy. Father in law has essentially been going around the neighborhood asking for money to pay his rent. He brings home around 3500 monthly and rent is under 600. I would happily pay that monthly but I'm not sure that will solve anything. The day his disability and retirement get direct deposited into his account, it's gone. He has no idea where the wife is living however he is hesitant to do anything about it but also has no solution on where to live if he gets evicted. We offer all the time for him to stay with us but he refuses. His wife does not take him to dr appointments at all and encouraged him to stop going to therapy. He was never taken to get glasses so he cant see well. He also needs hearing aids and physical therapy as well as multiple follow ups and managed care. His wife has shut down all of this. We suspect she is in another relationship outside of their marriage (cheating). There is obviously, a lot more to this story.  Personally I'd start with finding an elder law firm, give them a call and see what their advice might be.  I imagine most attorneys have PIs on call. My question is what kind of attorney should I pursue? Elder attorney (hes not elderly), civil rights, family law, personal injury? I really would like to get someone on retainer since we live nearly 7 hours away. I'm in no way a legal person, but for the relationship outside the marriage maybe hire a PI since it seems you have financial means for that sort of thing. May help?  That's the plan however, we can afford to pursue the issue aggressively.  Make a report with adult protective services [here]()  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.