 Obvious throwaway account for safety. I am married to a us citizen and live in the US. I came on the k1 visa and we married within the 90 days. However, he never allowed me to AoS and get my green card. I have been married and her for over a decade. He has always been emotionally and psychologically abusive. He has also been physically abusive, is financially abusive and exerts complete coercive control. I am not allowed to leave the house alone. I have no vehicle access, I work for him but he takes all the money. He constantly accuses me of infidelity, which justifies his keeping me isolated. He psychologically tortured me until I "confessed" to his paranoid accusations of cheating, which never occurred. He uses this also to justify emotional and physical abuse. He constantly plays evil mind games about divorcing me, getting me deported and having full custody of our kids because I am in his country and have no rights, according to him. I know about VAWA, but I really want to return home with my kids. I am isolated her. My support system is in my country. I would also be able to get a job (have offers on the table he doesn't know about), could at least rent my own home within 2 months and the kids (too young for school here) would be in school within a week. So here is my question. Would domestic abuse make it more or less likely for him to get custody and force me to stay her and have to go for VAWA? I went to a DV shelter before we had kids because of his abuse. They still have my records on file. Also I keep them up to date with his abuse, as well as my doctor and other agencies. Because he is on file with me being in a shelter before we had kids and therefore has a history of abuse, would this help my case? I know some people claim abuse without substance for cases, but the record I have goes back 7 years and before kids. I am scared he might win custody and get me deported. I am scared he might get custody and force me to stay locally with absolutely nothing (he said he will make life hell so I don't go home). It feels that will extend his coercive control. In TX. If the kids were born here in the US, and he doesn't want them to leave the US, A judge is most likely not going to allow you to leave the US with them. Just being honest. Your only way to know for sure is to speak with a local attorney but I don't think they will tell you different. You will find some that do free consultations if you have no disposable income. 