 My best friend has been married to an airman for eight years. This week he told her to move out of their house, moved his girlfriend in, and has kept their two girls, belongings, etc. She is afraid he and girlfriend will try to take her girls so is going “quietly”. They have been gaslighting her, telling her that everyone thinks she is toxic and that the situation is her fault. My friend was abused by family for years and in keeping with pattern is blaming herself for everything. She isn’t fighting this at all for fear they won’t let her see her children, she can’t support them on her own, and because she still loves her husband. Is there any way I can help her? She’s giving up without a fight. Is manipulated into believing that the new girlfriend is a better mother for her girls. It took her seventeen years to get away from her abusive father. I’m afraid history is repeating itself, but this time she will lose her children.  Like I said in my previous post, if I served with her husband i would tell her the same-go to this first shirt. If it was my sister, no way. Going to an attorney near base that regularly takes on cases with military spouses might amount to the same thing. Military regs effect a good number of their clients and they are very knowledgeable on them. Quite often they are retired JAG/IG or other military legal officers. 's not up to her as a dependent to know military justice code I strongly disagree with this. Anytime you go to see anyone to act on your behalf, you would do well to know how and why they should act on your behalf. In the military this means knowing he regulations and what they mean. Since you have two resources to check with, do it. Ask your husband and son which is more likely to produce favorable results, going to the Command/1SG on their own, or go with the support and backing of IG JAG. I would hope they would tell her the same thing they'd tell a subordinate who was summoned to the Commanders office-do not go w/o talking to an expert on what your rights are and what the regulations are. If you fail to do that, you are at the discretion (and mercy) of the first sergeant and Commander. Sometimes this will work out well for you, other times it will not. Going to the experts first, you know what is going to happen before hand-in her case she will know it's going to work out well for her.  IANAL- but I am the wife of a retired 23 year AF SMsgt who was both a Section Chief and a Flight Chief who had to deal with these things before they went to the First Sergeant. When I asked him what he'd recommend in a simialr situation, he said he'd tell her to go to her spouse's First Shirt. When I asked my son, who separated from the AF after eight years what he would recommend in a similar situation, he said he'd tell her to go to the spouse's First Shirt. She should also retain a lawyer. It's not up to her as a dependent to know military justice code, just to report her husband to the proper authorities, which in this case would be his First Sergeant and protect her rights. She could try his Section Chief or go straight to his Commander, but this is the First Sergeant's job. She should really start with him/her. Time is of the essence for her, because she doesn't want her husband to make it look as though she abandoned her children. JMHO Last I checked (been done since 2010), IG and JAG have walk in hours daily. If she'd rather go directly to the Top, that's her decision. She could get the results she wants or she could get a nice letter from the Commander/First Sergeant indicating they don't want to get involved in her marital and/or civil affairs. If on the other hand, she goes to IG first, she can go to the Command/First Sergeant with Authority. It goes w/o saying that local Command has to have a working knowledge of regulations-or in the case of the Air Force instructions. However, it's not realistic that a Wing, Garrison or even a support Commander could know all regulations instructions. IG exists to be the subject matter expert and authority concerning all regulations. Without even knowing what Post or Base she's at, we both know there is an IG office that will have at least 4 hours of walk-in service between now (1746, Sunday 1 January 2019) and close of business on Wednesday. That means by Thursday morning, she can walk into her husbands Command with pertinent rules, regulations and instructions cited by the subject matter expert (IG JAG Officer) and what the interpretation of those regulations dictates the course of action be. Or she could just go it alone directly to the Command, hope they believe sympathize with her position/story, hope they aren't good friends with her husband, hope they aren't so overwhelmed with other things that they dedicate some time to her plight, and act in a way favorable to her. In all seriousness, do you honesty not understand the difference between quoting regulation that she looked up herself and quoting regulation as explained to her by a JAG/IG Officer? I'm just a Reddit poster, so I guess you can't be blamed for doubting me. But I can assure you, being able to quote the regulations as cited by a JAG/IG Officer carries a tremendous amount of more weight than going it alone. If you doubt me, go to any forum for Veterans or Military support and ask there. Anytime an Officer, Enlisted person or even a dependant goes into a Commanders office seeking action based on regulation, you better hope for two things; 1-you know what you are talking about, 2-the Commander is inclined to listen to you. If you go alone, it's 50/50 on both. If you go to IG/JAG first, you will absolutely know what you are talking about. As for the the Commander being inclined to hear you out-his options now become either listen to you or risk a review of his Command by IG or JAG. No Commander ever wants that review, even if found 100% in the right, the review itself goes on his Officer Evaluation Report (OER) and that is something no Commander wants. In closing, let me say this; if I served along side her husband, knew and respected him, I would absolutely tell her to go to the Command/1SG. I would have deferred it up the chain of concern and I'm done with it. If it was my sister and/or a friend loved one, I would hold her hand and take her to IG and JAG. I'd bring along the notebook, make sure I wrote down all pertinent rules and regulations, the responding Officers interpretation and then go to the Command/1SG.  Not when you agree to it: “quietly”. I'm guessing you're not AF? This is kind of what an AF First Sergeant's job is, and this woman needs action right now. She doesn't really have time to do all of the things you're suggesting. On base legal aid or her own personal lawyer and contacting his First Shirt are the quickest ways to secure her rights and protect her children. As a dependent she doesn't have time to track down military codes and write to Congress people. If she goes to the company First Sergeant (1SG) with out regulation from Authority, she's deferring the matter to the 1SG's discretion. This could very well work out the way she wants. On the other hand, if her husband is well liked and respected, or even if the 1SG is just lazy, it might not work out the way she wants. 1SG's and Commanders are given a lot of latitude to interpret and implement regulations. The over riding authority that is outside the direct Chain of Command or NCO Support Channel is the office of Inspector General. If you, or her or anyone else doesn't want to avail themselves to the free service of going to the IG office, you don't have to. I don't care whether you believe me or not, but going to the 1SG's office with notation from an IG Officer goes a lot further than going alone and telling them what you think should happen.  No, it is not the non-military member’s responsibility to quote regulations. She simply needs to tell the first sergeant what I stated above to get the ball rolling. It is literally the first sergeant’s job to handle situations such as these. You're not wrong, but it's been my experience if a dependent can go to the First Sergeant with regulations quoted from Authority she'll receive much better support and action. The relevant Authorities are the Inspector General (IG) and JAG. Being able to say, "Major Jones of IG quoted me AFI-123 . . " goes a lot further than, "my sister's cousin who was in the Air Force told me this . . ." EDIT: IG IANAL-I am however retired military. Adultery is strictly prohibited by the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ). Unfortunately, like all regulations Commanders and First Sergeants have a lot of discretion when interpreting and implementing standards. In your post, you do not indicate whether your friend lived in on post housing or off post. This will make a tremendous difference in the long run. But for right now, her best course of action is to go see JAG or the Inspector General. (IG) If this was on post housing, it is reasonable to expect her husband to be kicked out of housing and then allotted a housing allowance, half of which she is entitled to by regulation-JAG can help her identify which regulation states this. If they are already living off post, then she is already entitled to half that allowance and again, JAG should be able to help her in identifying this. For support in initiating punitive action for violation of the UCMJ, IG is the first step. If that doesn't work, short of asking a Congressman/woman for help, there isn't a lot that can be done. As unbelievable as it might seem to civilians, there are times when nothing happens. There are Commands that see it as, "if they are separated pending imminent divorce, I'm not wasting everyone's time acting on this." To summarize, the best action your friend can take is to go see JAG for civil action (monetary support from Housing Allowance) and IG for UCMJ action. Tell her to bring a note book. Write down who she speaks to (name and rank) and what regulation they quote her. It wouldn't be a bad idea to ask for copies of the regulation that support her position. Then take those copies to his Commander/First Sergeant and ask that they be enforced. Keep in mind, your friend is apparently facing divorce and needs more support and direction than can be provided in a Reddit forum. But for right now, IG for discipline action and JAG for spousal support.  Wife of a military retiree here. This woman needs to seek out the base legal office and contact her husbands First Sergeant ASAP. Don't dawdle. All of the other posters are correct in what they are telling you. She will eventually most likely need to seek her own non-military attorney, but this will be a good start to make sure her and her children's rights are protected.  Are they actually married?  Military retiree here. The advice to go to the chain, first sergeant, and base legal is on point. This airman is in for a world of UCMJ hurt. Additional areas of consideration are her ability to use tricare, her entitlement to a portion of his pension (even if married under 10 years the state can still award her a percentage), and other benefits. A divorce lawyer with experience in this area will net her a lot (hundreds of thousands) in benefits, provided the airman is corrected and not booted for his actions. It takes a lot for the later to happen but I have seen stubborn folks booted this way when they fail to correct. Additionally she can visit mental health or the chaplain for support during this time. Wouldn't this also count as an illegal eviction? Honestly your friend doesn't exactly sound like a fit mother. What is the fathers relationship with his daughters like?  The US military doesn't mess around in situations like this. They take these reports seriously; they want soldiers to be married and have children and do a lot to make sure dependents are cared for (some say because it makes the soldier more likely to re-enlist because they need the money for support payments, but that's conjecture). OP's friend has her husband's employer on her side in this situation and should take full advantage of that to get her kids back. It won't win her any points with the husband, but I believe that ship has sailed. Yes!!! Fuck this guy and fuck his shit up!!!!!! Also, it is unlikely he will get sole custody as an AD member if his wife (your friend) is fit to parent them. Money has nothing to do with it. Again....fuckkkkkkkkkk this guy. Have her got the JAG office as well to get some advice. My husband is AD airforce right now and this shit will hit him hard. She has a case, she needs to get her babies.  This times a thousand She needs to contact her husband’s first sergeant and tell them that he has kicked her out of the family home and that they are still legally married. He has a duty to provide for her until a divorce is finalized. She does not have to mention the girlfriend but there’s a pretty good chance they’ll find out anyway. Please note that the Air Force takes all of this very seriously. When, and I do mean when, they find out about all of this, he will likely be in much worse trouble than if she notifies them now. NAL but married to an Air Force member for 10 years. You have to be incredibly careful when suggesting things like this. The problem is that once the command is notified OP's friend loses agency. She doesn't control disposition and a sense of shame or disempowerment can further traumatize her. This concern is particularly acute if you're dealing with someone who has a history of domestic abuse. Notification can also harm the family if it triggers an Article XV hearing and she is totally dependent on him for income. Remember how many people lost their mind over two missed pay checks with the shut down? Now imagine losing a rank and going to 50% pay for 2 months. That's a real possibility here. I'm not saying it shouldn't be on the table but it's something that OP and her attorney should think about together.  Anyone can notify a chain of command of an alleged violation of the UCMJ. Adultery and failure to support a dependent are both actionable. Your friend needs to get to an attorney and can go to the free one on base. She may need someone to drag her to the lawyer but she needs to get a sense of what her rights are. If he's married and just moved a girlfriend in, contact his chain of command. They're going to drop on him like a nuclear bomb.