 This is the fourth instance of this happening. I live in an apartment complex, and my wall is next to tbei room. Three mornings I was woken up by loud yells saying “zip it, shut up, and be quiet” very aggressively preceded and followed by two month old baby crying. I understand noise at 10am, but yelling and abuse, not okay. Again today I was taking a nap and he doesn’t. I’m not so much upset about noise (it’s 4pm) but about this man yelling at an infant child. What are my rights in this and what should I do? Call cps? Do a welfare check next time? I don’t wanna cause problems for myself but I’m at a loss. I know being a parent is stressful but that’s just plain wrong.  My ex screamed at a baby like this and later escalated to serious child abuse (to the point where police got involved). It sounds like your neighbor needs help. I'd start by offering resources before you call CPS. There are places where parents can drop off babies - no questions asked - when they need a breather. Maybe print some info about those and leave them on your neighbor's door. If you have the time and energy to help, offer to take the baby for a night so Dad can get some rest. CPS should be a last resort in my opinion. However, don't waste too much time on the other options.  It's not abuse to yell, but I would still report it to CPS they might be able to get some form of preventative services / parenting class so this doesn't escalate into criminal child abuse he clearly is not handling this well. Should I wait till I have a recording or until the man is yelling again? I know once they show up to the apartment, the verbal abuse may not happen at that moment, but maybe it would be a wake up call? Don’t make that comment in here. Removed.  Good idea, thank you.  This ^^^ 100% To be honest I would call CPS on them, it could quickly get out of hand and become more than yelling and that baby needs someone to speak up for them. It is stressful being a parent, especially when the baby is going through a leap stage and they are more fussier than usual or colicky (I’m a parent) but you find a way to get through it. If you yell at the baby it’s not helping anyone or anything.  Take a recording the next time you hear it and use that as evidence when you go to CPS. You may want to walk into an actual office to make a report in person rather than just calling them.  Call CPS.