 My wife and I got married back in June of 2015. Shortly there after I was stationed overseas in Italy. Where I received a message from a fellow service member stating that he and my wife had planned to get a hotel room together for a weekend to have relations and that he had no idea that I had existed up until the moment he was messaging me. He was very apologetic and said he was no longer talking to her. Fast forward to roughly December, wife comes to visit me through all the bickering and fighting in Italy to try and work things out. Where upon I find out she had been cheating on me more (obviously) through texts, and having walked in on her once too. Big fight ensues and she leaves Italy never to be seen by me again. I get released from the military shortly after due to some of the problems this had caused me mentally and physically. (trying to save a sunk marriage internationally will ruin you) Get back to the states to find all my stuff from our storage locker has been sold presumably to feed her heroin addiction (which she relapsed back into) , had completely destroyed my car and left it out in the desert with the windows down for a year. The mechanic working on it said he had never seen such damage done to the clutch, it had blown up into the drive train, shrapnel was everywhere. Shipping and repairs cost thousands. As I was cleaning out the inside of the car found heroin and tinfoil with burnt residue everywhere in there. 2018 I send her a message asking her to help get divorce proceedings going and just requested her address so I could send her all the paperwork and properly serve her. (She lives in California, and I live in TN) To which she replies "sure, I will send it to you tomorrow". Well she never got back to me and I have reached out multiple times trying to get it. I can't hire proper services as I'm on a limited income and can't afford a lawyer currently. I am trying to figure out how to proceed and just feel lost and hopeless in this instance. tldr; Got married it went well for all of 7 months, she sold all my stuff and destroyed my car, she lives in CA, I live in TN now won't give me info needed to proceed with divorce. 