 She moved into this house that my grandma/great-grandma lived in last year, although they passed in October. The house was part of my mother's inheritance and so we decided to move in May this year. Our aunt's been living there the whole time, and she signed an agreement in December saying that she'd move out in June which gave her plenty of time to find a job and housing elsewhere. It's July and of course she's still here, but that's not the problem. She's agreed to leave on the 26th and be dropped off in Philadelphia with her and her dog and she'd eventually find a job. But I'm not sure if that's really the best idea and our family is thinking it would be better to have her involuntarily committed because she's been completely untreated for her whole life and probably would never be able to find a job again despite her resume. Whenever she's not drunk, she's constantly having loud psychotic episodes at every time of day in which there's like... six different voices coming out of her mouth in varying tones from hysterically sad to violently angry to calm and rational. She bangs around, she hits countertops, she's nearly broke dishes, she drops things in confusion, and she hits herself in the face hard enough to cause bruising. Before she moved into this house, she even dislocated her shoulder during one of these episodes. She's entirely convinced that the government as part of a Biblical ancient conspiracy has put machines in 63 people's heads which causes her face and voice to be controlled without her doing. She's talked to Bush and Obama about it directly and there's nothing they can do, and all this other weird Illuminati conspiratorial stuff. The dislocated shoulder was allegedly done by men in black as a result of talking too much about it to others. Now, I know that schizophrenics are mostly just a danger to herself. But I'm pretty sure that in one of her nearly unintelligible psychosis episodes that sounds like she's talking in tongues 80% of the time and English the other 20%, I heard "kill 'em all Julie" and "they're not going to make you leave, NO WAY." Unfortunately, I didn't get to record those parts on video since they were so sudden. I do have plenty of other video evidence to present to the police of her hitting herself and going on insane ramblings and yelling/ranting violently however. Neighbors have complained at this point. Is this enough to provide? Thanks for the help. They decided to call in an ambulance so she could be given a psych eval and she went without a physical struggle. If someone is a danger to themselves and others, you call the police. When they get there they will assess the situation; they are not going to say "pics or it didn't happen." Not yet out of concern that they wouldn't arrive fast enough. We're pretty out in a rural area. Have you called the police while she's destroying property and being self-injurious?