 I'm the executor of my grandparents estate and it is almost done, but there is one property left to sell. I should get upwards of $50k once it sells. I'm miserable in my marriage, have been for a while, but my spouse keeps saying that if we get divorced now that the process has already started, they would be entitled to 1/2. I don't know if I really care anymore, but I'm curious if that's true. We have been married for 12 years, in Texas, as is the estate, no pre-nups and no one has cheated (to my knowledge) I was thinking something like that. No, his/her true concern was the money itself, not what the money is called. My child support would definitely raise kids on its own. 21% of net income for two kid is what I’d have to pay. $30,000 a year doesn’t pay for half of two kids? Get out of here. Not to mention paying the health insurance premiums and half of all medical expenses.  I wouldn't go spouting off to him/her about it, just let them go on about it until their attorney fills them in on it. Open a new bank account, in a bank or credit union you don't use. Direct the mail to a friends/relatives home or get a po box (best idea). And you’re completely out of touch with reality if you think the state calculated amount of child support in ANY state is sufficient to entirely pay half the expenses of feeding, clothing, housing and otherwise raising a child. The question here, however, is if an inheritance is considered community property for the purposes of dividing assets in a divorce. It is not if it is kept entirely separate. That is not the same as considering an inheritance a source of income subject to child support calculations. I would be the one with custody, so child support isn't an issue. OP is wondering if the spouse will get anything. The answer is maybe. You’re naive if you think all child support is spent on the kids. Oh they sound quite entitled... just not to your inheritance.  If you consider supporting your own child proportionately to your income “money out the door”, I guess so.  Sure...but does person who has to pay it care what it’s called? It’s still money out the door. That’s still separate property though...it’s being considered an increase in the income of the inheritor only used to calculate child support, not as a marital asset to be divided. This is not necessarily true in all cases. I have seen a percentage of inheritance to be paid in child support as if it was a bonus at work. In that case it was 15% of the inheritance. I'm trying not to be bitter and resentful, but it's good to know that they aren't as they entitled as they seem to think they are. I might give some to make going our separate ways easier. Your ex is entitled to go pound sand. Lol the entitlement your ex feels over making profit from a gift from your grandparents. Trashy af. Oh wow! Good to know! Good news. Anything you receive through inheritance is separate property unless you commingle it with marital property. So even if the divorce hasn't started, keep your inheritance totally separate and it will remain yours. Consult a family attorney about the best way to do this. 