 My SO works construction for a company in Eastern Pennsylvania. They are renovating an old mill into a medical marijuana facility. The work includes tearing down all of the old steel structures and everything associated with completely stripping out a very old building and turning it into a bacteria free place to grow marijuana. So, there is general labor, torch cutting, carrying steel, hauling it out, framing, drywalling, painting, etc. The thing is that the lady who owns the company pays everybody in cash. Which is fine and all, but there is no paperwork involved. Usually, when you get a job, you fill out some paperwork. W4, W9. There is none of that. They are private contractors but are treated like hourly workers. They have to be at work at 7am and stay until 4. It is highly "encouraged" that they stay until 6. They work 6 days a week and it is highly "encouraged" that they work sundays. There is no overtime pay or sick days. Which is fine if that's what is in the contract or hiring agreement. But there is no agreement or contract whatsoever. It's my understanding that a private contractor hired in this type of a situation would be given a contract such as, the company will pay you $1000 to paint this area. I It seems like the company is trying to have the best of both worlds. The benefits of having them work as private contractors( no overtime, no sick days,) and the benefits of having them as hourly workers too. I'm sure I'm forgetting some things. Oh, they have to provide their own insurance too. Feel free to ask any questions. Is this company shady or is it just me? Thank you Reddit, my first post! Wow. I don't know whether to feel better or worse now. Thank you for your response. You or your SO could call the dpt of labor and file a complaint.. That may result in everyone becoming an official 1099 worker, or everyone becoming an official w4 worker, or the entire project put on a 3-6 month hold while the state does some further investigations.. If your SO plans on continuing to work there - have them look into their own aflac accident insurance policy, or a short term disability policy, or similar - if they get hurt on the job and the owner is "paying under the table" - your so will have a much more difficult time getting 'workmans comp' coverage or any compensation for injuries / etc. Yep. Shady. Report them to the state DOL. 