 Back on August 31, my 2013 Kia Forte Koup SX engine just crapped out. The car had 55k miles. All was good and dandy the warranty provider agreed to fix the vehicle. Whenever I was notified my warranty would cover it, I was told that there were no engines available to replace mine. The parts were on back order. I assume due to the recall on other vehicles made that year that for some reason my vehicle was not included on. So yesterday the dealership calls me and tells me that my warranty was only to cover 10 days of a rental car. I’ve had this rental car for like 4 months. Putting that whopping total to near $3,700... my car still hasn’t even moved since the parts are still on “back order.” I called Kia corporate, their “escalations” department. I’ve spoken with them multiple times prior due to the fact that my car being inoperable for this long makes no sense. My warranty and them are supposed to “get back to me.” I guess what this boils down to is there is no way in hell I can afford to pay for this rental. I don’t even think it should be my responsibility as Kia is the one at fault for not having adequate engines supply to repair it. Can I take legal action so they pay for all of this? I’m still making car payments on a car I don’t have and now this rental car. I don’t know what else I can do.  Lawyer.... the should have told you ten days before you took the rental. I think they will fold once legal representation contacts them. Also Kansas' lemon law sucks. It provides almost no consumer protection. You have to meet their very arbitrary and specific criteria.  Sounds like I’ll have to. It’s just so excessive to expect people to go without their cars this long!  That’s how I felt about it. Thank you! I’m the second owner. I purchased it as a certified pre owned though.  Are you the first owner? At this point I'd just invoke lemon law and make them buy it back from you. Sorry this is happening to you. My 2012 engine crapped out too and it took 6 weeks to get it replaced. The dealers weren't helpful and Kia wasn't helpful during that time either. But you may be out these costs. Consult with a lawyer asap.  Consult with a lawyer, you probably have a case here. I would bet you wouldn't have to file once you contact the lawyer and ask for payment and/or a usable car.