 (FL, USA) Why? The company who hired me in a work-for-hire artist scenario closed it’s business without settling their contract and purchase order with me. They claimed they underwent a foreclosure sale. (They opened a spinoff company under a new name in the meantime). My company facilitated the creation of artwork for an advertising installation. The artwork was created on time and to the clients liking. My client created some technology for the advertisement and had an undisclosed arrangement with a third-party advertising company who used my company’s artwork. I don’t have the copyright registered, but my company created the artwork and no copyright transfer was performed to my client as my work-for-hire invoice remains outstanding. While the third-party company may not be aware of my company or the fact that my company faciliated the artwork, but my understanding is ignorance is not a defense. The third-party advertising company used my work in a advertising campaign and highlighted in a case-study the amount of impressions the advertising installation experienced when it ran last year as well as the success they had. They do not appear to be continuing to use the artwork. The damage has already been done. A clause in the non-disclosure says the agreement can get cancelled if I get it in writing from my client. But they don’t repsond to the many letters I’ve written. I’m interested in writing the third-party who ran the campaign a demand letter for compensation for damages, the value of the original invoice for using artwork in a advertising campaign without a valid Copyright Transfer as the work-for-hire agreement with the out-of-business company remains outstanding. Does the Non-Disclosure agreement become null and void because the company is out of business? Or does it remain because an individual signed it who is under a new company banner? Non-Disclosure agreement includes: Term of Agreement: This Agreement not to disclose confidential information shall commence on the date first written above and continue in effect until the confidential information becomes public knowledge or until the owner sends Recipient written notice releasing Recipient from its non-disclosure obligations, whichever occurs first. 