 In late 2017 my mom was dropping my little sister off at the subway station and when my sister opened the door to get out she hit a biker. He was knocked off his bike and, despite showing no signs of injury, insisted that he needed an ambulance and that my mom stay until it got there. (the EMTs gave him an ice pack for his finger and he went straight to work, no hospital). My mom was naturally worried about her insurance rates going up so that night she called the biker and left a message telling him that she would pay him anything he needed but to please not contact her insurance. He did not return her call and contacted her insurance company. In the following months my mom had several meetings with people from the insurance company that told her that the worst case scenario washer rates were probably going to go up. Skip to last night, nearly a year after the events, her rates had not gone up and we assumed the whole thing was behind us. All of the sudden she gets a letter saying that her policy will be cancelled as of February 25th 2019 because this is her second accident in 6 years (she rear ended someone 2 years ago and insurance had to pay out 300 dollars). Her only options if she wants to keep her car are to find another provider, which would be near impossible at this point, or to switch to her current providers high risk policy which she can't afford. My mom is furious as she has paid them upwards of $20,000 in the last decade and they've had to pay out less than $500. (They didn't have to pay anything for the biker incident) Is there anything we can do?  It’s actually a provincial law here that any combination of 3 tickets in 3 years, or 2 accidents in 6 years, or 1 accident and 2 tickets in 3 years makes you “high-risk” for car insurance.  This doesn’t really add up. I am a liability adjuster, so while I don’t work in underwriting, I do relatively frequently talk with policy holders who are calling about a claim being referenced in a non-renewal letter. Usually these claims were either large claims immediately after starting their policy, or they have a history of accidents either with us or before us, non-cooperation claims, or loss of control claims. While all insurance companies are different, they all work based off of risk. Your mom was determined to be high risk based on something, but I highly doubt 2 claims in 6 years resulting in only $300 paid out in property damage would result in a cancellation. They may have paid out for boldly injury and not have told your mom the final settlement amount. They may have paid out more in property damage on the other claim and again, not told your mom the final amount. There may be a history of claims before her current insurer. I would give them a call and ask for more info   Why? Lots of them out there wanting her money. Two minor accidents in six years is not usually enough for an insurance company to drop you, but if that is really their policy then that's fine. She can switch to another company, if she has really only had two issues in six years with little to no payout getting covered should not be a huge issue.   They gave her the options. Find a new provider, or pay for a high risk policy.