 TLDR; slumlord is ruining my life, threatens us, have a gas leak, have almost no heat/ no control of temperature in home. I moved in beginning of July 2018, live in Pennsylvania. I found this ad on Craigslist; $750 for rent and all utilities. Second floor of house. Landlord and I messaged a couple times, he invited me to come tour the house. When I arrived, he apologized for the appearance and stated it was the first time he was seeing the home since the previous tenants left. But, if I could look past imperfections and see the home, and he’d ensure everything got fixed. (Noticeable at point blank; tons of cracks in the dry wall, tons and tons of screws and nails in the walls painted over, two big holes in the walls. Previous leak in living room roof so that 4-5 ceiling tiles are stained and sagging. He assured me leak was fixed. Floors peeling around corners/patch there is no flooring. Fridge vegetable drawers full of water. No smoke / CO2 detector. No fire extinguisher.) He said it was mine if I wanted and I could move in that day; they’d do work around me. Or; I could wait until repairs were done. Living in a motel: no brainer I moved in that day. I didn’t care if repairs were done around me. Didn’t seem too bad of work needed done. He came back a day later with the lease to sign. I reported that I’d noticed a gas smell in the kitchen from the stove, two burners ALWAYS felt warm and the fridge leaked water from the freezer/shelves were broken. Kitchen sink leaked. He said just add to the list as I go, he’ll get everything fixed and promised a new fridge “tomorrow!” He also advised he planned to evict the downstairs neighbors and that if I was interested, he’d let me consider moving downstairs first before a new tenant. End of September, downstairs we’re finally 100% evicted and gone. October 1st I went downstairs to start looking at it and evaluating. It also needed some work, some serious bug bombing, and they left a bunch of furniture. Landlord told me it was mine to do with; it was my property now. I got them cleaned up to sell. Landlord had his brother in law &lt;here on out A . A brought an employee. Employee; &lt;B . Next day I noticed several of my things are broken, missing, the couches are destroyed. Landlord expresses distaste and states it’ll be handled. B tries to speak to me about it: hits on me like there’s no tomorrow, claims they didn’t touch my stuff and when I asked if they didn’t touch it, did my stuff just walk away on its own? Also please don’t call me baby; at this point he calls me crazy, broken in the head, says I’m lying about my disabilities and storms off. A is always drunk, sexually harasses me, both men disrespect me. Landlord didn’t care. Claimed he would compensate me down the road. Week later, landlord calls me and claims that B offered him $X to move into the now gorgeous looking downstairs apartment. So he offers to cut my rent to $525. I said okay fine but I still wanted some resolution for my trashed things, broken things, I’d lost out on $500 for those couches. He promised yes of course. He said he’d get the new lease over in a couple days: the new lease was also set to include my boyfriend who was moving in. I asked him; and told him about bf’s PO, at which point landlord says okay fine no problem. BF has stayed over here and there but hadn’t officially moved in. He had to get approval form his PO first because it was a completely different county. Mid October; toilet over flowed over and over and over. We plunged it. We got draino for all our drains. Still happened. Notified landlord. Beginning of November; made a bath. we have one of those old claw foot bath tubs. It was almost full, and I used the toilet and flushed. Overflowed, and I noticed water leaking out of the pipes under the tub as well. The tub took a full 24 hours to fully drain. No water pressure. No hot water. Nothing would drain. I washed my dishes in the kitchen and water backed up my bathtub drain. Landlords suggestion: try more draino. Again didn’t help. He ensured someone would come fix it. 1/1/19. He now refuses to re do the lease. He’s made NO attempts to fix anything. We ALSO learned come winter months that we have NO control over the heat; radiators are locked and the thermostat is just for show. It’s controlled only by the downstairs apartment. He’s had NO one come fix or even look at the plumbing. Cracks in walls have gotten bigger. He’s threatened three or four different times to evict us; over reasons he said “okay no problem” for when first asked (ie BF moving in, dog sitting for a weekend) he’s threatened to call my bfs PO . This morning (1/20/19) I woke up (18 degrees outside) and the heat was turned off. Downstairs had turned off the heat. Notified landlord. He said he’d handle it. Got home from work; it’s now 13 hours later and still no heat on. He got defensive with me about how I need to pay more in rent, he can’t afford heat to be on higher than 60 because he gets $800 a month utility bills. We had an opossum get into the home last night and he’s made no efforts to come get it out. I arranged someone to come help myself. He made it my problem the downstairs neighbor didn’t clear his half of the snow/ice. When I cleared the parts that are mine, and salted, with use of only one arm. What grounds do I have to break lease? Or get my money back? Can I sue him, or is this something I’m blowing out of proportion?  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.