 Hi there. I’m on mobile, etc. First off, we have not talked to a lawyer yet but plan to in the next 36 hours. We have lived on a horse ranch for a year and three months. We enjoyed it, the landlords were professional and they work in the stables around our house. I own a large commercial van (2006 Dodge Sprinter) that was parked in-operable on the property for four months before being towed to a mechanic for the last five months. I drove it back last weekend, now fully operable. (We do not have a business but it is a commercially titled vehicle) The landlord immediately told us to move it off property. We asked why, was it disturbing the horse boarding business they have on property? He said no, he just doesn’t like it. He told us we have 24 hours to decide if it will stay on his property or we have 30 days to move out. We have responded that that is probably not legal. We now do not want to continue living here, and have nine more months on the lease. We also would like at least 30 days plus the remainder of next month to guarantee that we can find a new place to live (46 days). We are afraid he will attempt to have our vehicle towed while we are out of the house. My question is: What should we consider/ what questions should we prepare before speaking to a lawyer? What can we do to cover our ass when we move/ are illegally evicted? How can we prevent him from towing our vehicle? We have stopped speaking with him and conduct all communication through writing. We have photos of where the van was/is specifically parked (at the landlord’s request). Nothing in our lease stipulates vehicle storage beyond “No Recreational Vehicles” Thanks for any advice!  I was tired reading last night and did overlook some stuff. Since OP still has 9 months on lease, LL can’t give a 30 day notice. (Except the rules about where the LL lives on the property too... I’m not sure about those.) OP is entitled to stay for the remainder of the 9 months as long as they abide by the terms of the lease. The LL could give a 3 day notice to Perform or Quit, but would have to site a provision in the lease that they are not performing. Some leases have language that prohibit non-functioning vehicles or derelict vehicles on the property, but the LL needs to specify the lease provision. And also we don’t know if the vehicle even fits that description. The point is, there is no ability for LL to give notice before the end of the lease without the lease being broken in some way. The only exception I could see to that is if the LL does live on-site, there may be other parts which I am not familiar with that allow more flexibility for the LL. It sounds like OP does want to move though and perhaps the only disagreement is over 30 days vs 45 days. Again, if OP can reach an agreement on that, it would be the best. OP - get any agreement on early termination in writing! If that doesn’t work, from a practical standpoint, if OP is still there after 30 days, it would take the LL several days to file an eviction and several more to get a judgement, and probably a few weeks after that to get a Sherif lock-out, so the reality is you can probably extend from 30 days to 45 without much of a practical issue, other than additional conflict with the LL.   ? If not you will be responsible for the full rent to the end of the lease or whenever the place gets re-rented, whichever happens first. You don’t really have any legal grounds to break your lease with cause, but perhaps if you are willing to move ASAP, the landlord will let you out of the rest of the lease? It's not lease-breaking though, the landlord said to get out in 30 days. Does your landlord also live on the property? This may change your legal standing. In CA, and many other states, when you rent out your own home and cohabitate with your renters, you have more discretion in these kinds of situations. While that normally means “under the same roof” you mention this is a ranch and the law might apply the same if they live in a home on the same property. Another thing is that “type of car” is not a protected class. While it sounds weird to evict someone over this, I don’t know of a CA law which forbids it. That means it may be up to the judge. My best advice is to try to talk to them and find out what the problem is... does the van look like junk? You mention it being broken down for several months. Sorry for judging, but that could mean anything between normal appreancd to something out of RoboCop where it’s spray painted and has parts falling off. You mentioned it’s licensed commercially... does it have advertising for a former business on it? Since they are running a horse business, maybe that’s the problem. Does it have a bunch of bumper stickers with political opinions? I’m not sure if any of this matters but depending on what offends them about it you may be able to work out a compromise. Is it your only vehicle? If so maybe you can appeal to their sense of humanity that you don’t have any other option? As to breaking your lease, does your lease have a provision for that? If not you will be responsible for the full rent to the end of the lease or whenever the place gets re-rented, whichever happens first. You don’t really have any legal grounds to break your lease with cause, but perhaps if you are willing to move ASAP, the landlord will let you out of the rest of the lease? FWIW, I love vans so it’s a bummer to hear yours is the subject of controversy. Best wishes! This is Legal Advice, not Bitchy Landlord Central... Bring a copy of your lease when you talk to a lawyer. Your landlord can pretty much go suck a lemon if he doesn't like the van. You aren't violating the lease. If he won't make you a deal you like to leave, then just stay. If he tries to illegally evict you or tow your van sue him. So you've lived there 15 months and loved it, but because of this van, which you could chose to park anywhere else in the area, you want out of your lease - but on YOUR terms? Life just doesn't work that way. Park the van somewhere else, spend the remainder of your lease looking for your next 'perfect place' to live. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.