 Location: Texas Hello! This might be a little confusing but here is some background. Sorry for format. On mobile. I am 17 and my dad is 63. He has been in out of hospitals for the past two years due to his heart disease. (CHF- Congestive heart failure) because of this our family has received hospice services because of his mental illness. He is a paranoid Schizophrenic and has been my entire life, recently i’ve noticed my dad has been completely detached from reality that it breaks my heart. I catch him on a daily basis talking to himself very loudly. Usually either screaming or laughing maniacally he basically doesn’t even talk in normal sentences. It’s like “No (his name) You are not doing anything right. You are a Navy Seal Pilot and can take any real hardship in this world. Well that’s what everyone truly thinks about a pizza delivery guy like me.” It scares the absolute shit out of me, Today I caught him yelling at someone in his room asking him if he was going to leave yet or not so he could go and catch a movie. He then opened up the door for “his friend” and He waved at nothing beside him and tried to walk an imaginary person out of his room. Then started a conversation with me like “normal”. (my dad also developed gout because of his pre-existing diabetes condition so prior he was unable to walk for almost a year, he’s been getting physically healthier so he’s been walking around the house, hasn’t left anywhere besides to the hospital in over a year) He is extremely rude to my mom. He throws food she makes at her, or on the floor and not to mention his room is completely unsafe to live in. It’s disgusting. i hate going to that side of my house and resent doing it because of how bad it is. i’ve never in my 17 years of living really seen anything as bad as my dads room. His floor is covered in cardboard because my moms tired of cleaning it. He can’t tell he’s living very unsanitary because of his mental illness. He doesn’t even remember my name a lot of the time. I beg my mom to tell his hospice nurses but she told me that’s completely out of their hands because they help his physically illness. My dad has refused to take medicine probably for 30+ years my mom says. I can’t stand the way he talks to my mom, he will tell her horrible things like he will kill her with her bare hands and that’s she’s a hooker.. etc. I really want to get my mom and i out of this house. It’s an extremely toxic environment and I love my dad to death but his illness has gotten to the point where I’m scared he will hurt my mom. I don’t know what to do for us. Is there anyway my dad can receive help for his mental illness without him wanting too because he’s too mentally ill to see he’s sick? Once it gets to the point your mom's safety is at risk then you need to find a facility to put him in. A lot of insurance companies cover the costs.  When someone needs mental health treatment, you can petition the court to force the person into treatment. You can call a local crisis center here: Since you mentioned he is not taking his meds, it might be better if your mom talked to his psychiatrist to see if different meds are available. There are long-lasting drugs that can be given about once a month, which helps with noncompliant patients. Check health insurance to see if inpatient mental health facilities are covered