 This was all caught on our security camera with video and audio. A UPS truck backed into our patio wall and destroyed it. Like the whole wall is at an angle, the gate is hanging crooked, huge cracks throughout. The drivers (one looked to be training) got out, looked at the damage and the trainer opened the gate and knocked on our door. We weren’t home so they closed the gate and we heard them on camera laugh and say “I guess we’ll come back later to talk to them”. They got in the truck and drove off. No note was left. I called UPS and informed them of the footage and asked what they’d do about it. I was told a supervisor would call me back later. Had we not had the security camera we’d have returned home to a smashed wall with no idea who did it. BONUS: we move on Saturday into our new home and another buyer is supposed to sign on this condo TOMORROW. What’s the next step? Is there any benefit to pressing charges for leaving the scene of an accident? I’m sure the trainee will already lose his job. What if the buyer backs out?  Thank you for the great advice! UPS should obviously pay to fix the wall. Not sure about Utah's requirement, but most states have a law that requires reporting damage to property when a car is involved. Filing a police report isn't necessarily the same thing as "pressing charges" because an accident report may not mean the police investigates a crime. Reporting the incident can hold UPS accountable, can help substantiate the insurance claim (although you have video which is better), but will take about two weeks to process. Hit and Run can be a factor in showing the "reckless disregard" of the driver for what is known as punitive damages (over and above just paying for the wall), but there is no guarantee. You can also make a claim on the hazard insurance for the condo. You should probably report it to your home insurance whether or not you decide to pursue UPS. If your hazard insurance pays the claim, they can pursue recovery from UPS on your behalf in what is called subrogation. UPS has an online claim system, but unless the UPS guy was delivering to your home, that probably will not be of much use to you. Next is the seller. In the law this is known as the "risk of loss" which asks who has to pay when something happens to the property during different stages of a transaction. Usually until the transaction is finished, the seller bears the risk of loss, but depending on where you are at in the transaction, they may not be able to back out of the deal. One way to handle this is to assign (give) the right of action and the insurance claim to your buyer, but you may want to check with an attorney on how to accomplish that and how effective it is (some causes of action can be assigned while others cannot). If the damage to the wall causes the seller to back out, this becomes a component of the claim against UPS. File a police report asap. The UPS guys essentially hit and ran without giving any notifying information. They committed a crime. Call your realtor ASAP and get them and the other involved. Quickest would be to repair out of pocket or give a quoted credit to the buyer and have your insurance reimburse the expense. You'd need a lawyer to probably sue for more than just the damage and work with the police if you don't have much time with this shitty event and all other items required during moves and selling and etc.  You cannot press charges. You may report it to the police who may forward the information to the District Attorney who can actually press charges if they choose m File with your homeowners insurance to get it fixed ASAP. Let them seek reimbursement from UPS.