 My boyfriend and I boarded our two dogs, a Lab mix and a Jack Russell mix, with a Rover sitter. At the meet and greet in early December at her home, my smaller dog didn't get along with the cat. He stuck his head under the couch and barked at her. The sitter agreed to watch my dogs in spite of this because she stated that she could simply keep the cat in the finished basement during their stay. We dropped the dogs off around 6 pm on 12/21. She sent me a picture that evening stating that they had settled in and they were doing fine. On 12/23 she sent me pictures of them both and said they were fine. She also sent me a video of them playing in her yard, my small dog rolls over and you can clearly see his stomach. They appear healthy and energetic as usual. On 12/25 around 9:30 PM MT I received a call and a message that she was taking the smaller dog to emergency vet because he was lethargic and nipping when they touched his belly. She stated that her mom is a vet tech and so she took his temperature. It was 105 Fahrenheit which is just below the danger zone for a dog. At this point I was halfway across the country and we don't have anyone that could've taken either dog. Unfortunately she took him to CO Veterinary Specialists which meant I had to agree to some sort of payment before they would even look at him. They told me it could be sepsis or something equally as life threatening so I agreed to treatment. They ran blood tests, x-rays, ect. The end diagnosis is a bit vague in that they couldn't determine the root cause (bug bite, trauma, ect), but the end result is that he had cellulitis on his flank. He's recovered, but now I have a $1600 vet bill because they had to give him IV fluids and antibiotics. So I asked Rover to make good on their Trust and Safety claim. They've denied my claim and are saying they'll only look at it if the vet writes a statement. The vet has told me they don't have to write anything for me and the best they would do is give me the clinical notes. Which tell a great story wherein my dog had a fight with the cat that we were told at pick up was"in the basement the entire visit". I've supplied them with the video of his belly clearly not bruised and splotchy as it was described in the clinical notes, I've provided all of his vet records thus far, I've provided the clinical notes from the emergency vet, the bill, and the diagnosis. But they're telling me that I still don't have proof that this happened while my dog was in her care because the vet won't write me a note. What are my options here? I've asked for their legal team's contact information at this point. I was happy to pay the $250 copay and call it a day, but now I'd like the full bill since they've jerked me around and wasted my time. I understand that I'd have to take them to small claims for this which I'm happy to do, I'm just not sure what other sort of evidence I'd need or what I should/shouldn't do to make sure that this process goes smoothly.  That is exactly why Rover.com forces you to use binding arbitration based on the Terms. Because it stacks the deck in their favor. You can read the rules on their website under "Terms." You can sue the sitter and subpoena the vet.  You can only sue the sitter. Any action against Rover.com must follow the binding arbitration steps per their website under Terms. You agreed to this when you booked through the website. The reasons companies do this is that they usually win in arbitration. Which will be very difficult. I’m not a vet, but I can see how they would be hesitant to give a statement without knowing definitively what the cause of the dog’s ailment was.  So this is basically a different language to me. How would one go about reaching a legal agreement with them outside of court? Because they're refusing to review anything without a statement from the vet and the vet is refusing to give me a statement because "they gave me the clinical notes, they don't have to write me a statement". Even if it wasn't the cat, whatever caused it definitely occurred during the visit is the issue here. That's what they're giving me a hard time about. But on 12/23 you can clearly see his stomach (which was described as purple/bruised with red splotches during the vet visit on 12/25) and it's the same white-gray color it always is. Is the vet legally required to write anything up? Can I force their hand in any way on this? You are governed by rover.com's Terms and Conditions: :2.3 Release. We hereby expressly disclaim, and you hereby expressly release us from, any and all liability whatsoever for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries, loss, harm and/or damages arising from and/or in any way related to your interactions or dealings with other users and the acts and/or omissions of Service Providers and Pet Owners, whether online or offline. You acknowledge and agree that YOUR USE AND/OR PROVISION OF PET CARE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RISK. " And, any disputes with Rover, including their guarentee, goes to binding arbitration (see section.17). Needless to say, your options are extremely limited. Suing in small claims may be your only option. Your problem is going to be proving it was the result of the sitters cat. 