 I am going to be filing to become conservator of my brother's estate in California. Brother single and has no children. Background: he suffered a traumatic brain injury in an intentional vehicle versus tree collision in November 2018, and is currently functioning at a 7 year-old's level. There's a chance he'll recover someday and be independent again, but we are years away from that if it's going to happen. My mother is currently conservator of his person, and during the proceedings the judge found out I am a CPA and asked if I could be conservator of his estate. I obliged. There is no real property, investments, and almost no personal property of any value in the estate (he spiraled down due to drugs and alcohol and tried to take his own life after losing everything). He racked up a lot of debt prior to his incident, as well as letting his insurance lapse before totaling a car he owed $40k on. He does have about $4k coming in commission checks from an old job. The above paragraph brings me to my first question. Generally, my duty as a conservator will be to protect the assets of the estate. Does this mean I can ignore debt collectors given that it would not be reasonable to setup a payment plan on his debts given he'll only have social security as his income for the foreseeable future? Yes, I read the part in the duties section about keeping the conservatee's debt payments current, but given how much debt he is in (I'd put it at $65k consumer, and maybe $45k medical from the helicopter ride) there is no reasonable way for him to satisfy the debts. Would BK be something to look into as well? Sidebar question: He does have two firearms in a safe, and given that his condition was caused by a genuine suicide attempt would it be reasonable to ask the probate judge for permission to transfer them to me without consideration? Or would getting a firearms restraining order be a better route? Now for Form GC-310. I am unclear on page 1 section 1(d) "orders authorizing independent exercise of powers under Probate Code section 2590 be granted". I read 2590 and 2591 and understood that this is basically asking the court to allow someone to do things listed in 2591 without first asking the court, and if I do not check this box and want to do any of the things listed in there that I'd need to petition the court to do so. Almost none of those apply to duties I foresee myself needing so I haven't checked it. The only thing I'm unclear on is 2591 (g) The power to purchase real or personal property. Do I need this expressly granted to purchase his day-to-day necessities since technically it would be his property? Thank you to anyone who is able to assist! 