 I wrote about how we discovered this in a previous post. I'm sorry. I don't know how to link. I also apologize if anything is unclear. (I'm a little more emotional now that I've seen the items that were sold). I spoke with the new manager on the phone, and we have a meeting with the tomorrow to talk in person. They sold the unit because there was a rate change that we were not notified about, and we had a balance of $20. We have never had a late payment in all the time we rented the unit. It seems that the way the company was previously run is completely different from the way it is run now. They didn't do paperwork on lots of things back then (proof being that we changed units and paperwork was not completed acknowledging that change - they just told us to move and what our new rate was). He was initially pretty adament that all address changes had to be made in writing, and the reason we weren't notified of the rate increase is because they had the old address on file. He said they sent letters to the address on file notifying us of the rate change and that it was going to be auctioned if we didn't bring the account current. I told him that although I cannot prove it because it has been so long, I am almost positive that we told them our new address (the address that has been on our cashed checks every month for ten years) and that if they didn't do paperwork on an actual unit change, then isn't it possible that they didn't actually make the address change when it happened. The new manager admits some fault and wants to know what will "make it right." The helpful man that bought the unit sent us a detailed invoice for each item he found in our unit and how much he sold them for. It was approximately $1500. Where do we stand legally? Should we ask for the entire amount? You're likely entitled to recover the cost to replace everything that was in the unit. If the $1,500 that the items sold for represents the price it would cost you to buy the same items, then that's what you could likely recover. If you had items which cost more to replace than the buyer sold them for (i.e. rare collectibles that buyer wasn't aware of the price) you could reasonably get the actual replacement value.