 Hello r/legaladvice, Somehow a flash drive ended up in house, our family still cant figure out how. We assume one of is found it outside and pocketed it, but we have no real idea where it came from. We initially found it because Adult 1 used it to transfer a Classic WoW map from one hard drive to another and quickly realized he didn't know the people in photos (for anyone wondering why he used this particular one, it was because it was sitting in a pile of flash drives we own and he just needed to make a quick transfer. Again, unsure why it was there). I wanted to see if I recognized the people in some of the photos, after talking to the other adults in the house none of us recognize them. What Adult 1 didn't realize is that there are pictures of a home made meth lab, the people illegally growing weed in 2010, porn (not underage), his family (with some names), pirated music (for anyone wondering he does have a good taste in music), oh and a direct link to his Facebook. It looks like he was trying to paste a picture but instead of copy image he copied image address. My legal question is, what do we do? I want to take it to the police but Adult 1 is worried we will be suspects, or that we could be targeted by these meth heads (somehow). After doing a couple of searches I found he might already be on a watch list/have a criminal record, I can't find our for sure because I don't want to pay for the information. The police may already know of this, or have already convicted him, but we're unsure. Is there anything we can do? Should we just destroy it and pretended it never existed? I'm also terrified this could be one of our current neighbors, we've seen the police in the area this summer and it could connect a lot of dots if this is the guy they were looking for. For our protection we're not telling any of our neighbors we found this drive or the names we found. Have you checked the EXIF data on the photographs? You can do this easily in windows by right clicking on the file, selecting Properties, then going to the details tab. It might contain the GPS coordinates, the date the photo was taken, and other details. If your neighbors have (or had) a meth lab, it's a hazmat site and needs to be cleaned up. There could be all kinds of nasty shit laying around, and it could impact your whole neighborhood if that stuff leaks or catches on fire. So you may want to factor that into your decision. It is up to you if you want to bring it to the police, it certainly isn’t mandatory. If you do bring it to the police, you can request to remain anonymous.