 I'm in Chicago. My property management company gave me a renewal offer in early June. I successfully negotiated the rent increase down a little, and happily signed that agreement June 6. I was going out of the country June 20, so I double checked with my property management rep that everything was all squared away before I left, and I was told yes. While I'm out of town, I get a text message from someone at my property management company saying I hadn't signed my renewal and I needed to do so by July 1 or they'd start showing my apartment. I responded in confusion, and emailed my property management rep again. I got a response from someone else at the company, saying that the lease was available in my rent cafe portal to be signed. It's still really unclear to me why the first one didn't take. I get home and review it, and there's now a new $25 "bundled services" fee included in my monthly rent that wasn't in the first agreement I already signed. This feels like all kinds of bullshit to me. I signed a legal document, was assured I was good to go, and next thing I know, I'm now having to sign a new one, with additional charges. I'm not sure if there's any recourse for me here though. Show them a copy of the original lease renewal and tell them you have already signed it and will abide by the terms of that one. It sounds like they are trying to get you to resign so they can get more money from you. If you don’t sign the new renewal they legally don’t have a leg to stand on. Keep in mind that if you go this route they will more than likely not allow you to renew your lease again, so be prepared to look for a new place when it comes near the lease end date. They might threaten to evict you (which they can’t do), you can tell them that you are going to lawyer up and as long as your lease is signed and there’s no loopholes in it, they won’t win. I would HIGHLY suggest reading over your lease multiple times to make sure you are ready because they will try to pull some shady shit on you.