 I need to be necessarily vague on a number of specifics, so please bear with me. I work as a freelance contractor in the US providing \[service\], primarily for foreign companies. In 2017, I did some work for one of these companies. This company is known in our office for taking forever to pay, and relevantly, in obscure, piece-meal amounts. We've let them get away with this over the years because it's just how they seem to operate. When we do finally get paid (in direct deposits to the contractor), it tends to come mostly as a surprise. "Huh, they finally paid part of that!". Here's where things get sticky. It turns out, over the past year, they accidentally paid me a co-worker's share for \[service\], lumped in with my payment, because my co-worker and I have the same initials. If I'd been more diligent in keeping track of my income through the year, I might have noticed this difference, but because of the strange timing, amounts, and lack of identifying information attached to the payments, I never noticed. It's been a terrible year for me financially due to a number of unforeseen costs, so I certainly never thought "Ah, it seems I have more money than I should!" I primarily freelance, and have been living paycheck-to-paycheck, and am very low on funds now. Recently, the foreign company contacted me, my co-worker and my boss, demanding that I pay the total amount owed to the foreign company, otherwise, they will make no move to pay my co-worker what he's owed, though it is very due to their own accounting error. They have offered for me to pay back the foreign company in monthly payments through 2019 until the amount is paid back, but the amount would still be too high for me - I couldn't afford to pay it and also pay rent/eat food. I'm already working three jobs, taking on more just doesn't seem like an option. However, if I accepted the payment plan, they would pay my co-worker by the end of the month. My co-worker has been a real trooper, arguing against them for all of this, but he also does need that money. They haven't threatened legal action, and from my understanding, it would cost more than the amount owed for them to pursue legal action, hence, their withholding of my co-worker's pay. I'm not sure I can accurately tl;dr this, but my actual legal question is: What should I do? What can I do? Do they even have any grounds to actually demand this money back? How should I answer their offer (the payment plan option)? NAL, I just do a lot of workers rights work, Being forced to pay back overpayments is kinda the rule on these things in most countries and regions. Withholding your coworkers pay is likely illegal, but them demanding their money back from you is pretty standard. It sucks, but take the payment plan and talk with your company about working with this other company to fix their shit.