 So my boyfriend (21 M) got in a fender bender today and the police informed him that his license was suspended and arrested him. He was unaware of any unpaid ticket, apparently the notice was sent to his old apartment (recently moved to new county for college) and he failed to inform the DMV of the address change. Upon further investigation of what to do from here, I saw that TN passed a new law that licenses can not be revoked or suspended due to unpaid traffic fines that was passed around Oct 18th. His suspension was issued Oct 21st. Now I think the law is being appealed, but from what I read the appeal didn’t happen until around Oct 25th. So a lot of Grey area, I can’t find any information on whether or not this applies to his situation. Any advice? It was not a law but a federal judge has issued a court order. If the license was suspended the person has to request the state to re-instate it. Nothing is automatic. Further, the suspension can only be from a person's inability to pay not that they failed to follow simple rules like updating your address on your license. You're misunderstanding the legal background. What happened was a federal judge ruled that the suspension of licenses for unpaid tickets may be unconstitutional. . No rational creditor wants his debtor to be sidelined from productive economic life. No rational creditor wants his debtor to be less able to hold a job or cover his other, competing living expenses. ; it simply must afford the debtor the opportunity to demonstrate, first, that the only reason he has failed to pay is that he simply cannot. Your boyfriend can still have his license suspended, but the state has to give the opportunity to the defendant to prove that he's indigent and cannot pay the parking tickets, in which case the suspension would be removed as though it never existed. If your boyfriend can pay, or if he was notified of a hearing and didn't show up, leading to a default judgment that he can (it's his fault he didn't notify the state of the address change in time, which in many states is itself a driving offense), then the suspension is probably valid. Usually laws don't go into effect the minute they are signed. If the law was passed and the quickly repealed then it was most likely never in effect.