 Michigan. If a parent has lost legal custody of their children and the other parent has full guardianship/custody, is the non custodial parent entitled to any child support (they have parenting time only)?  't get child support if she doesn't have primary custody. this is not 100% accurate. In YOUR situation, because she has no custody rights, she should not be able to, but in 99% of scenarios that occur, if the parents had 183/182 overnights, and the 183 parent has a higher pay than the 182, the "primary" custody parent absolutely could have to pay to the non-custodial parent.  The information you have received already is good rule-of-thumb info but it's not quite the full picture. I work in child support and I think it might help you to understand how support is calculated. That might be more convincing from a 'what should I do' perspective than simply saying 'no it doesn't work like that'. I laid out all the scenerios, building up to the case you describe, so that hopefully by the time you get there you will see the pattern. Child support considers both parties' income, and the amount of time both parties spend with the child in their home. The goal is to ensure that the child has the same quality of life in the custodial home that they would have had if their parents were together, and ideally the same quality of life in each hope for the time that they spend there. If parent A and parent B have equal income and each spend half the time with kid there will be no support becasue financial resources are already equitably distributed. If A and B have equal income, but A spends slightly more time with the kid, then B will be required to pay a small amount of support. If An and B have equal income, but A spends a lot more time with the kid, then B will be required to pay more support. If A and B have equal income, but B spends no time with the kid, then B will be required to pay a lot of support. If A makes a lot more money than B and each spend half the time with kid, A will be required to pay some support to balance out the finances between the two homes. If A makes more a lot money than B and B spends no time with the kids, then B will be required to pay a some support (but still not a lot because of the income disparity). If A makes a lot more money than B and B spends a some time with kids, B will probably pay no/minimal support (becasue the incomes are roughly proportional to the time spent with the kids). Or, If A makes a lot more money than B and B spends a lot of time with kids (even if it's less than half), then A might pay a small amount of support to B to even out the financial disparity between the two homes. Ultimately, it depends on what the finances look like in the two homes, and what the parenting time schedule looks like. Was child support requested? If not, your husband can certainly request that. But then if the ex doesn't pay, that needs to be handled back through legal means, not through reduction in alimony. Yes, but the children live with us. She rarely sees them-her choice She can't get child support if she doesn't have primary custody. Does she even have any visitation? He’s afraid to do that because he thinks she’ll come after him for child support.  Judge took away parental right of the mother. Father was awarded full guardianship.  He should go after her for child support. Just to be clear, what is the relationship between your husband and his child? Did your husband relinquish parental rights and another man adopted the child? Or is your husband the primary custodial parent? In the first case, your husband would have no legal obligation. In the second case, your husband's ex would likely owe your husband child support. Is there a court order about any of this?  So essentially he thinks she will make him pay her child support when she doesn't have custody of said child? Won't have any ground/traction It’s not me who thinks this. My husband is paranoid his ex will come after him for child support. I explained that I didn’t think she is legally able to, since she’s lost custody. I looked online for a definitive answer, but could not find one  No. The question is a little odd, so if I may ask you, why would you think the non-custodial parent would be entitled to child support? Child support is intended to be paid by the non-custodial parent to help the custodial parent to pay for expenses incurred in raising the child. 