 Is that right? Is my 60 day notice not valid?  Doesn’t matter. Put it on paper Practically speaking, you'll want a form of notice that meets one of the following conditions: - Is clearly outlined in your lease (IE, an email to the property management address); or - Has an acknowledgement (IE, you sent a text, and received a text back acknowledging the notice); or - Contains a means of tracking (like certified mail) that can be presented in court Right now, you should be polite but firm in insisting that the previous manager acknowledged your notice (assuming she did so), provide evidence of such, and see how the management group responds. If this ever makes it to court, while it will be at the judge's discretion, a judge will typically look for "Did the landlord accept the notice?" (which a text message acknowledgement would clearly indicate); failing that, it will be "Did the tenant comply with the provisions in the lease?" If you were to sue for return of your deposit (or alternately, your landlord were to sue you for unpaid rent), such an action would occur in Utah's Justice Court system, in which the rules of evidence do not apply. As such, handing your phone to the judge would be perfectly acceptable (so as to allow him to see the text messages sent and received).  Did the previous manager reply to the text message ? It's not perfectly settled law that text messaging is sufficient to apply in laws or contracts where "written notice" is required, though the Uniform Electronic Transaction Act was adopted by most states (including Utah) in 1999. The fine detail is whether or not a text message contains an "electronic signature", like an e-mail frequently does. If the previous manager replied to the text message, and there is no language in your lease that specifically says that notice must be mailed or delivered in writing in person or otherwise considered "served" similarly to [Utah Code § 78B-6-805](), then I agree that you should print out a screenshot of the exchange and mail it to the new manager, saying that her predecessor agreed to your notice without conditions and that you consider the notice to be served to them in writing. What does your lease say about serving notice? It's not necessarily that simple.  Take a screen shot with the date, hand it to her, and tell her to fuck off and get with the times  I sent the notice on the 11th So, just put it on paper. It’s not that hard. 