 In December, my father passed away. He was sick for a long time and finally lost his battle after 15 years of fighting. It was unexpected and sudden. He'd been sick for so long that it honestly felt like he was going to be around for much longer. Then one day his organs failed, doctors didn't know why. He was gone a couple weeks later. \#The Will First, I don't care about getting money for myself, however, myself and my brother were both told we would receive something after he passed. Like I said before, we didn't care about that at the time. I do have some concerns though. My father wasn't very aware of what was going on the last few days of his life. It was so bad that when he was getting an MRI, he told his doctor that he did NOT chemo when asked. He went through chemo for months not long ago. He forgot many things like this in his last week. When he realized he was going to die, he wanted to speak to his lawyer to finish his will. The lawyer was not able to come the night he called him. When the lawyer found out that he was being sent to hospice care, he rushed to the hospital and finalized the will without us in the room. He did have people that my father trusted in the room with him. Dad eventually dies and things I had only heard others discuss became part of my life. It started getting ugly. My stepmother in the past few weeks has intentionally thrown away important keepsakes that we wanted to have. She has even told people that she is not going to let us see the will. I don't know what is going to happen with the will (or if it's already happened). The lawyer said that the will was confidential when I called. He was co-owner of a business, had a life insurance policy and multiple cars and property. Can someone in that state actually verbally tell someone what he wants his will to be when he's less than 24 hours away from death and not even being able to remember things like the answer to, "did you do chemo?" Most of the family was worried that his wife only stayed with him because of his money. Maybe it's petty but I don't want her to have it. Not just because I don't like her but because based on conversations I had with him over the years, he had ideas of what to do with his money and it didn't include just giving it all to her. I'm trying my best to just be aware of what my options are and not let the drama my stepmother is creating influence anything I'm doing. I just know that he has grandchildren he loves and knew he talked about leaving them money. He talked about things he was leaving me and my wife but apparently (based on what someone in the room said), my wife is not mentioned. Maybe this isn't even worth posting here. I lost my dad, he has a will that has yet to be seen that he wrote when he wasn't in his right mind. I'm sitting here right now with my stepmother sending me text messages bad mouthing me. I know she's grieving and I've tried my best to be there (even though I don't like her) but it's becoming too much. I want to know if we can challenge this will and let his inheritance go to the people in his family (including her) but just not entirely her. Thanks. In short, yes you can definitely challenge the will. It will can be challenged by anyone who would be a taker under the intestacy statute. Intestacy means without a will. A son would definitely be a taker in the state of Kentucky. As far as getting back the property she's already thrown away or penalizing her for throwing on the way, I doubt there's any recourse for that. You need to first talk to a probate attorney as soon as possible. That's who you're going to need to challenge the will when is put through probate Court. If the will is voided through your challenge, it is either going to validate an older will or, more likely, the court will use the intestacy statute. When it comes to specific bequests in the intestacy statute that isn't going to help you very much get some of the personal property that you seem to be interested in. I don't know if this is going to happen because this isn't something I'm very experienced with, but you can always ask that probate attorney to ask for a restraining order on the stepmother throwing away any personal property of his until the will is submitted through probate court. The will may be confidential now but once it's submitted into probate court she has to notify every possible taker under the intestacy statute meaning you will be able to see the will. If youre in nky, I can give you some references.