 Hey folks, I'll try to summarize as accurately and briefly as possible, as I appreciate everyone's time and I don't want to bias my own opinion here too much in this recount. I started work for a manufacturers rep firm in 2012. I worked for them for six years as a 1099 independent contractor. I signed a contract (which I can provide if need be, it's only two pages and pretty general) that basically says I'm paid on commissions only (no wages) and the split is 50% to me, 50% to 'the company' for any sales that I make. This was technical, industrial sales. The structure of the company was a father/son who were the owners. Six months after I started I was given (straddled) with an account that had not produced WHATSOEVER but was too 'big of a fish' to just let die completely. The customer was demanding and the owners figured that it'd be easier to have me (the new guy) work on it rather than waste their own time, since there had been no actual sales at the time of the handoff. Essentially a warm lead. That account ended up turning into a big cash cow after I took the workload over (within six months). Once it started to produce, I was sat down and told that the company was going to adjust to a 25/75 split - they justified it as a 'recoup' on their time invested prior to the handoff to me. They broke it down as '50% to the company, then 25% to the 'sales manager' who was the son, and essentially a part owner'. Again, as I said, I don't see this as being anything but 75% to them. I continued to handle the account for five (5) more years before leaving the company in February of 2018. Commissions specifically from this account that I DID receive during that period were between 50-100k yearly, possibly more, even at the 25% split, so we're talking about a serious chunk of change over that timeframe. At this point I haven't worked for them for almost a year, but I'm still fairly upset over the whole debacle. I feel exploited and like I left a life changing amount of money on the table. I've read briefly that Pennsylvania specifically has some tough laws on unpaid commissions but I have not seen an attorney. I can provide more details as necessary if anyone has questions. Again, I'm trying to keep this as black/white as possible. Any thoughts/recommendations? Thanks  I am. Thanks. I will do so. When you say dependant on location, are you referring to the state laws specifically? You need to talk to a lawyer, stat. In many cases, a written contract trumps a verbal every time. There is a chance you have a huge payday waiting for you. But it is entirely dependent on your location. I never received another contract. Just the original 50/50. There were never any emails exchanged or anything on the topic...it was literally just a conversation that was had. I was a young salesmen (25) and just going with it, so at the time it never struck me as fucked up. I was drinking the koolaid which up until that point was "do what we say because we have your best interest at heart." I wasn't trying to make any waves. Only later on did it occur how royally I was getting boned.  Did they ever give you a replacement 25/75% contract to sign? Or is the original one the sole contract that you worked under?