 I live in a four unit townhouse with a common patio split into half and owned privately by the ground units. The upper units have fire escape and the upstairs kids will occasionally play in our section of the patio. This is usually okay; the only annoying thing is that they will occasionally trip the motion sensor camera pointed at our patio door. Today I noticed on the camera that they were balancing themselves on a flower pot on a ledge, to break off some icicles that had formed. Given the circumstances, I am shocked they didn’t slip and hurt themselves, but am now thinking it’s only a matter of time until they do. Since this is my private property, I’m guessing that if they hurt themselves, I will be held responsible in some way. I’m not sure what to do here. Should I take the video to their parents and inform them, or leave it be because I won’t be held liable? This is in Massachusetts, USA. Thank you! One hears too often of people who want to save like $12 a month on renters insurance... and something bad happens. It’s really inexpensive. Check your homeowners too to make sure you do not have the lowest liability limit. It is very inexpensive to raise the limit to insure against a worker or guest in your home falling down the stairs or slipping and smacking their head on a table.  Yup. No worries about the icicles. They happened due to a snowfall followed by a sudden rise and fall again in temps followed by sleet and rain (Boston) I plan to message the mother this evening. Thanks for your response! Yes. What you should do is tell the parents by sending them a nice note. And do your best to clean the icicles from your patio area (which is also a good idea for home maintenance generally - icicles are a sign of an issue with water drainage or heat loss). If you do those two things you've minimized or pretty much eliminated liability. Seems like it might still be a good idea on my part to warn the parents about what they’re kids are up to. At the very least I’ll have written proof that I raised a red flag. You actually likely wouldn't. Most of what you know about your supposed "liability" comes from myths circulated by big insurance companies.  It does, but it’s so unfair that I would be held liable for this if it were to happen. That’s a good point. I’ll go message her today and let her know. I’ve gone ahead and downloaded the videos to my phone too, just in case.  - The "United States" does not have any laws regarding this that I'm aware of. A federal law for injury like this would be pretty strange, but I'm not a lawyer. - Each individual state, county, city, etc will have different laws on these kinds of matters. - Property owners DO have a responsibility to protect their property from children. This might seem shocking but we have the concept of an 'attractive nuisance'. If you have a trampoline in your yard, and no fence, and random kids come and use it, you attracted them. Even if you just have a dumpster next to a building that could be used to access the roof, that could be attractive. I'm not a lawyer but depending on your location, it seems like this is one of those scenarios where many states use a percentage of fault situation. Where the court might say "the home owner is 30% at fault for not protecting their property and the parents/child are 70% at fault for this injury" and damages are covered along those percentages. I think this is called "comparative fault" or "contributory fault" depending on where you live But there is no obligation for op to prevent anything as there is nothing inherently dangerous and no attractive nuisance.  I see what you are saying, and I don't disagree. But what is motivating OP to finally take steps to actually prevent these kids from risking their lives on his porch? It's the risk of liability. Blows my mind that US law makes you liable instead of the injured (or injured’s parents) for something like this. How do we accept this as okay?? Make sure your renters or homeowners insurance has adequate liability insurance, just in case.  Either way, it would be in your best interests to show the video to the parents and ask that they keep the children off of your patio. After you have talked to them, regardless of how it goes, send them a note thanking them for hearing you out on the issue of the children playing on the patio in a dangerous manner and your request that the children not play there. Keep a copy of that dated note, and of the video. If something happens in the future you are at least somewhat better protected. 