 Hello Reddit, I recently was involved in two completely separate job scams. One was about shipping packages, another was being a Realestate assistant. Package Job story: I had recently moved in to a new town and was looking for a job. Applied to a few places online and also kept my resume online up as well. Got an email from Zelle Post LLC. about an at home job as a team assistant. They told me everything is to be provided by the company and all I had to do was inspect packages for the correct item and send them back out to the customer. Went through a small interview process, filled out a W2 form(I think, whatever the tax form is) and finally a few weeks later someone contacted me about starting to work. Gave me a user name and password to their site that they use that shows my tasks/packages. Have two addresses I live at, so they sent most of the packages to the one I'm at currently. All of the packages do not have my name on them, and all came from random places. I live with my dad and he thought they were really suspicious and sent them all back and told me the job is probably a scam. I called my boss out saying that the items were stolen or bought with stolen money and since then she has not responded to me and has kicked me out of their system. There are still 2 packages at my other address which my roommate is working on sending those back as well. This company said they were anchored in New Jersey, Their purpose is to middle man Eastern European customer transactions with online stores. Realestate Job story: Started off the same, had my resume online and some one contacted me from "iTesa" saying they have a good job opportunity for me. They told me I could either be a real estate agent or something else(can't remember or find it) but I chose real estate agent. First real thing they had me do was accept a check for a city, as there payment for a real estate job or investment. They then told me once the money is deposited to send cash to an address. Later on this client sent me two more checks to be deposited. When I went to deposit those, the bank told me it could take up to 14 days to receive the funds. eventually the money never cleared, and the reason given said forged. Then a couple days later the first check was returned for the same reason and I had lost money. After that I never got any response from any one that I was working with, Boss or Client. This company said they were anchored in Spain but were expanding in the US For the record, I never knew I was processing forged checks nor did I know the packages were stolen items or bought with stolen money. I also never touched or dealt with any of the packages and all are being returned to the sender. I have already reached out to the people who suffered from the forged checks and have given them as much information as I can about the scammers. I don't want to be in trouble with the law, as I could be prosecuted as part of the scam, even though I was not. So Im wondering what steps or actions I should take to keep my name and addresses clean? I don't want any one to go through either of my places, be investigated or watched. I appreciate your time and any feedback 