 So I applied for income restrictive apartment. I paid $300 deposit initially to hold my apartment. They told me that I have to make at least 2x the rent, or I will be denied. In case you are denied, you get your $300 deposit back as soon as they see that you really don’t make enough. I definitely don’t make enough. I make about $1200 a month, but I still got approved for the apartment that costs $1039 a month. That is definitely not 2x the rent. I am suspecting that they approved me just to not give me my $300 deposit back. I have tried emailing the manager and she keeps insisting that I make 1.5 times the rent, which i DON’T. How do I battle this? (If she had denied me, she would have to give the $300 back). Is what she is doing legal? Please help!  I'm not aware of a law that spells that out. But i can't see a company don't that because if they move in and don't pay, then they are losing money.  Great point. But I want to know if approving people who can’t afford to live there is legal.  Haha!  There's no scam. You have buyers remorse.  Yes, that is fine. There is no law that you need to make a certain amount, it is a company policy and those policies are bent all the time for a variety of reasons.  Unfortunately “no longer wanting to” is not a valid reason to get your deposit back. My suggestion is submit in writing and include their corporate office if you can. Make sure to include your proof of income so whomever receives the message has everything the need to look into it.  I am well aware of that, however my question is whether or not it is legal to do what they’re doing: approving people that don’t make nearly enough to afford the rent.  Well, that is something you should have figured out before applying. If you signed the agreement, which is pretty standard, that you lose the deposit if you bail after approval then you will lose the deposit if you bail after being approved.  I make less than 1.5 the rent GROSS. I don’t want the apartment anymore after reading the reviews online.  Do you make 1039 net or gross? They may be calculating the 1.5 based on gross. But anyway, what does it matter? They approved you for an apartment you applied for. So they are willing to give you the apartment which is the point of the deposit. 