 I'm in California. My Grandfather died over a year ago. His daughter is demanding a reading of the will AS WELL as a copy. My Grandfather put a clause in his will that specifically states he excluded his children and heirs from this document. Is she legally entitled to a copy, even though she is not in it?? Legally, she can send it to everyone and their mother, regardless of whether she gets it from you or the court. It looks like your problem may be more of a personal one than a legal one. And the daughter, who may get a share under state intestacy laws or under previous wills, is probably operating under the assumption that her inheritance is being wrongfully withheld. I do not know any estate planning attorney who woild advise the daughter to wait while no action was being taken to wrap up the estate. His estate should be probated and that will require that the will be filed into public record. It is unlikely that she is just going to go away. My grandmother only wants to mourn her husband and can't do that because she has to deal with her husband's daughter trying to get what she thinks she is owed. My grandmother is the only trustee/beneficiary named in his will/trust.  I'm asking what you are hoping to get because there may be a better way to do it. Were I in her shoes I would simply file a death certificate with the court. The will would eithet be produced or the estate would go intestate. The second the will is filed it is public record and it isn't legally binding until it is supported by a court order. Strategy and advantage are not things my grandmother wants. She wants to be left in peace to mourn her husband. Instead of that, his daughter is hounding her for money because she feels owed. I asked for an answer to a fairly simple question, not an opinion. If judgement and opinions are all you have to offer, please move on. Thank you. But giving her a copy isn't an option as the last time she received a copy of a will, she photocopied it and sent it out to basically everyone and their mother. A reading of the will is not required by law. If the will has been submitted for probate, it is a public document. Anyone can apply to the probate court in the county where the person died to see the will. If the will includes documents that are private by law, that part of it can be sealed. That includes records from juvenile court, adoption proceedings, termination of parental rights proceedings, grand jury proceedings before indictment, medical records and reports, arrest reports and criminal history information. Not legal advice, but, me, I'd send her a copy and be done with it.  Was the will not filed with a court? What strategic advantage do you think you are gaining by holding onto the will?