 So for the past few months I’ve been dealing with a new disability that has inhibited me from working full time like I used to be able to. Around the time I was diagnosed I was working for Rover, the dog care-taking service. I started losing employment because of my disability so I then applied to GameStop where I was working part time. This is where things went wrong. I got a call from the state saying Rover denied me ever being an employee and that I’ve scammed the state of thousands for apparent “lost wages”. I actually have lost wages because of this disability, I told them I’ve been working for GameStop recently too but they said it didn’t matter and I was being investigated. They said I broke the law by not contacting them about changing my employer but through my Social Security they knew I was working for Best Buy, Rover, and Gamestop in the past 2 years, so if they had this on file how did I refuse to notify them if they already had a source to check? They also claim I purposely started the claim way earlier to finesse more money even though my doctor was the only one who could send that form and he did everything alone. On top of that, the employee who I was talking to was extremely rude and explicit and said that he contacted Rover’s corporate HR and that they were going to contact me too. I’m worried that I will be either sued, brought to federal prison, or forced a huge fee. This is not what I need, I already struggle enough trying to pay for my medicine to keep myself alive, and on top of the lost wages and my benefits that I NEED being withdrawn from me, I think I’m about to go into financial and physical ruin. Please help me, I have no idea what the hell to do. SDI Something isn't adding up. Are you using SSDI, SSI, or something else?  No, they never had me confirm the hours I was working, they were going off my Best Buy hours for some reason. I never confirmed any of the Rover information but it was available to them, which is also proof I worked there. I even asked them if I got a new job if I’d have to redo everything and they said no. I’ve never had to do this before so it’s all new to me. So...you had disability for your lost hours at Rover and then proceeded to get another job and not report those hours to disability? That's fraud you'll need a lawyer. 