 This just happened not more than 20 minutes ago. I was talking to a women online and "she" wanted to call me on google hangouts. We get talking and things started getting pretty wild. After about 10 minutes she types I have just recorded this entire video and I will be posting your nudes to all of your friends and family. I deleted all social media immediately and managed to send the scammer a link to grab his location. []() Please help me im kind of scared, I made a throwaway just for this Well, if they're actually in the Philippines and not spoofing or using a vpn, there's not much law enforcement can or will do. Definitely don't pay them anything or give out any more information. Lock down your social media and / or delete your accounts. GL. Odds are good that they're nothing more than another person with a webcam and recording software. They probably are just bluffing about sending it to your friends and family, as it's unlikely you gave them information that would help them identify who your friends and family even are. And even if they did, it's not really anything you can control. Ignore it, learn from this, and move on. There are OCEANS of dick pics on the internet, and the only way you can make certain people know about yours is if you bring attention to it. It's a common blackmail. There's really nothing you can do. I suggest sending the following: LOL! I don't care, my friends and family know I'm into freaky sex and they don't care. I'm not paying you and you're just wasting your time with me. This is my last communication with you.  You're scared of someone in the Philippines? You got trolled, and you're letting them win and giving them a laugh by panicking. There's nothing you can do.  Not a lawyer, but I don't think you can do much other than learn from your mistake and endure the humiliation. Just keep in mind, NEVER SEND SCAMMERS LIKE THIS MONEY! They will just milk you for all the cash you have and then most likely release the blackmail anyway. Ignore them and move on. You can’t buy silence, you can only rent it. If you pay any money they’ll keep hassling you. Also, stop sending nudes to strangers. Just ignore and move on with your life. And stop sending strangers pictures of your dick. Nothing you can do. Either they'll send them or they won't. Whatever you do, don't send them money. Also, stop showing people your dick online.