 Hi r/legaladvice I was going through my bank statements looking for something unrelated, and noticed a double charge from a big grocery chain company on my debit card. I called my bank first, and they told me that since this happened more than 90 days ago, I should contact the business. I emailed the store's corporate office and they sent me a phone number to call their card services person. She seemed willing to help and reimburse me but according to her, her records only go as far as 13-14 months. I then called my local store and the person I spoke to also said they do not keep records from that far back. My question is, can I take this to small claims court? I have my bank statement, but no receipt. How does small claims work? Can I ask for my filing fees as well? The amount of money is about 2-3 times the estimated filing fees from a google search. It's maybe one mortgage payment, so it's small, but could be helpful. I’m seeing 60 days and 21 days. But it’s not real clear. It’s mostly around disputing with your card.  That's what I want to know too. I have no idea. Ahh. I don’t know how successful you’d be with small claims. For instance, if this happened 2 days ago we can check the video to see you only purchased one order. Then refund your money if the charge isn’t reversed already. This far away makes it difficult to prove either way. Is there a statute of limitations on something like this?  We wouldn't have done cash back for such an amount ($100+) I'll check then next month's statement and see if it was refunded. This happened around the time a very large purchase ($1500+) was double charged by an airline, and my husband was able to get that sorted out. I don't know how we missed this. Thank you for sharing your thoughts. Thank you for your response. Yes you can try small claims. I'd say it's a 50 50 shot if a judge will agree and /or rule the full amount. 2 years to bring this up is not reasonable.  How much are you talking about here? Could you have maybe needed cash back and done 2 transactions? The grocery chain I’m familiar with checks for things like this. I even had them refund me on a double charge a day or two later. Could it have been refunded on the next statement? 