 I know there are ethical questions related to this, but I'm wondering if anyone here is familiar enough with universities to know if this could or is likely to result in legal action against the reneger. Basically a tenure track faculty job offer was made by institution A with a two-week deadline to accept. The person to whom the offer was made is waiting to hear about other, potentially far better offers from other institution(s) (let's just call these institution B for simplicity). These offers likely will not come in until after the two week deadline from institution A. So if this person formally accepts the offer from A and then subsequently receives a much better offer from B (and by better you can assume it's a better institution, better package, better location for family, etc.), can A sue? Are they likely to?  If it's a fixed-term contract they likely could sue you for their losses (which they would have to quantify, unless the contract specified liquidated damages), though I would guess that that's unlikely. If it's an offer of at-will employment, then I don't think they have any grounds for a suit. Got it. And yes, definitely factoring that in.  To be clear, I’m making no ethical judgments - just explaining how the lower-tier school might react so that you can factor it into your analysis.  ://imgur.com/a/myIAb  It will likely be for a fixed term, but it's common for individuals to go back on the job market after starting such positions, and sometimes moving to new positions after 1-3 years. I guess it's just less common to back out before actually starting. The university is unlikely to sue. Courts have two remedies available when dealing with breaches of contract. 1) The court can require the breaching party to fulfill the contract (this is called specific performance), or 2) the court can force the breaching party to pay the litigant for the costs they have suffered due to the breach. The first remedy - specific performance - is rarely used in general and virtually NEVER used against an employee, since ‘forcing people to work against their will’ is the sort of thing we have constitutional amendments about. The second remedy - monetary damages - is also tricky. To convince the court to award them, the litigant (in this case, the school) would need to show the court that the employee breaking their contract cost them unavoidable economic loss. A school MIGHT be able to do that if you left them mid-semester, they couldn’t find a sub and they had to cancel the classes you were teaching. But if they have months to look for other applicants (and there are always LOTS of PhDs looking for tenure positions), then the worst they can say is “we had to hire someone slightly less qualified.” That’s not really the sort of thing the courts are designed to remedy. And even if they DID succeed at proving damages, young college professors don’t have a lot of cash to take. They’d spend more on the lawyer than they can get from you. This is the reasons why some states will suspend the licenses of public school teachers who abandon their contracts. They know the courts can’t do much to enforce a contract on an employee, so they develop another remedy. Finally, even though they likely won’t sue, they can still hurt your reputation. Academia is a small, tightly-knit community. The department head you reneged is likely fairly well-connected and may not hesitate to speak ill of someone who left a job before the ink on their signature had time to dry. Is the offer letter from Institution A an employment contract (for a fixed term), or for an at-will-employmemt job?