 So tensions have been high after a multitude of arguments with our roommate who lives a lifestyle that doesn’t mesh well with ours. 2 of the ones on the new lease and this one were on the original lease but it ended at the end of 2018. The 4 of us went to sign a new one and then informed the bad roommate this evening that he wasn’t on the new lease. He claims he will take us to court over it but we don’t see how he has any grounds to do so. I have searched the internet for similar issues but haven’t found anything that seems similar. Just needing some help on what to do! So what should we do as of right now? Yeah. Basically what should have happened is the LL kills the original lease by posting written notice to vacate. That way the old lease dies and becomes irrelevant, and the new lease takes over. You don’t have to move since you’re the next set of tenants, but he does (or he faces eviction). Right now, because y’all held over and nobody officially killed the old lease, you’re living under the new one while he’s there under the old one. LL needs to kill the old one with the holdover, and give him official notice to end a month-to-month tenancy (typically 30 days). Then follow the eviction process if he holds over again (doesn’t vacate). If your new lease is for the whole apartment, your landlord is in default on the agreement, technically, by not getting the odd one out to vacate. Not that there’s much you can do about it.  Okay, thank you so much! Should we be worried since we signed a new lease without him knowing? That’s more or less our issue with it right now. The landlord is aware of the situation and fully supports us so we know that they will tell him to leave if needed.  Yes, his landlord has to end his tenancy, if he wants to stay. You guys could try and offer a cash-for-keys to get him to agree to leave. But if-when push comes to shove legally, he has a right to his quarters until his landlord ends his tenancy.  Well we told him he has 30 days to leave but he flipped out. But what you’re saying is, we just have to get our landlord to tell him to leave? Because the only thing in official writing is our landlord has a paper that says the month to month agreement ended on the last day of 2018 So nobody’s official, in writing, terminated the third’s month to month agreement to live there. Whoever that third’s landlord is has to actually terminate the person’s month-to-month agreement, then if they refuse to leave, evict that person. The rest of you can’t just sign a new lease and expect him to move out at a moments notice.  She actually was about to contact us about it, but we got to her first about signing a new one.  Understood. Did anyone (should be the LL) give all the original leaseholders notice to vacate, or give him specifically notice to vacate? In order to get him out, the first step is actively terminating his month-to-month agreement. You can’t just tell him Monday that he has to be out by Tuesday.  He knew the lease was “over” because they were on a month to month agreement. He also never directly paid the landlord because we all give money to our roommate who then pays the landlord. The last official lease ended in August/September and then it moved to month to month until the end of the year 2018. We signed our new one on January 8th. Did anyone happen to give the third notice that his lease was ending?