  I am pretty sure this matters, I live in California. Do I have grounds to oppose this amount she is asking for? I don't mind it being zero. We had a house and we sold it so my spouse could go to school in the Caribbean. I went with her and for a year and a half we lived off the money we had from selling the house and from her student loans. We bought a car over there valued at $4800 USD and it would sell at $4800 if it were to be sold a year from now, its just how cars are priced over there. We flew back to the USA and I filled out paperwork to have the car switched to here name as I wasn't going to go back, our intention was to give her the car and I work in the USA to support. Anyways we got into a fight and she went to her parents house. Her family has always hated me and I believe they convinced her to file for divorce as she said she would be coming back later that day. Anyways when I went to pick her up she said not to. Fast forward 2 days and she comes to get her things while I was out. ( I am at my parents house as they were keeping us while we were back from the Caribbean.) She takes her things and 2 days later ( Today ). I get served with divorce papers. She is claiming my car is $15k ( even though KBB says $10.8k ) and wants $7.5k. She has jewlery at her moms house which i have purchased through our marriage worth about $3k. She has the car which is $4.8k, she also took all the money from our joint account which is $2.2k leaving me with no money. She has already half of our other physical property. and she left me with about $1k of credit card debt. ( She has her student loan debt which should be about $50k and i have about $5k of student load debt. Should I try fighting the amount? I don't mind it being zero. I mean I really feel as I am getting the short end of the stick. I mean her student loans were so she could go to school just like mine were so I could. I don't mind getting the credit card debt, but as for me owing her $7.5k I don't want to do if I can avoid it. She took everything of value and I have nothing. I feel as if I am being taken advantage of. Also she leaves in less than a week to go back to the Caribbean. I have 30 days to reply back to the divorce papers. Also we have one pet which is a Cat that she has at her moms that she wants to keep. thank you for the advice. I never thought about it, but you are right.  You want a legally thorough divorce which means you need someone who is representing you and your best interests. As you stated above you said you felt you are being taken advantage of, given what I read, you are. You need to protect yourself and your future, if she takes alot of your assets that’s gonna hurt you financially for a long time. It’s your choice to not go down that path, but you stated you don’t want her to take extra, and I can tell you with what you provided, she is. That’s what I mean by the future What do you mean the future? Like it can get worse? You will need a lawyer regardless as I assume you want to contest some of her claims, just estimating how much you mentioned already I think a lawyer is the only way to go. Especially since given her pattern of behavior (draining your joint bank account) you need to protect yourself in the future. Lawyers can be pricy so look around but you need a lawyer. Do you think a lawyer would be as much as just paying the money? Like i said i don't mind both of us getting zero at the end. She can keep the money she took. I just don't want her to take extra Lawyer up, now, much of what she has done already she cannot do, for example your joint account is just that joint, she cannot simply take the money and say that it is all hers