 This afternoon my boyfriend received a phone call from an unknown number, and the caller ID stated it was "FDR Ltd", which after a quick Google search he found that it was a company in Ontario called Financial Debt Recovery Ltd. He called them back and after being put on hold was given the option for them to call him back. When they did, they stated that they were looking for his ex (by her first and last name) and he explained that firstly, the person they are looking for is his ex, therefore he has no contact for her, and secondly, they're looking for a woman, which he is not. When he stated that if the company keeps calling him he'll press harassment charges, they said that "harassment is if we keep calling" and after some more back and forth of him telling them not to call him, as he has no contact with this ex, they stated "we will keep calling this number". Some more of the exchange included figuring out that this ex appears to have taken out money mart loans and is selling jewellery to pawn shops? Each time they kept referring to my boyfriend as "Mr. (Ex's name)", mispronounced it each time. They also accused him of screening the call for her, and that he was protecting his "life partner". His ex has a very weird, unique name, so I doubt this could be a case of mistaken identity. They did not state his name at all, they were just aggressively hunting for this ex. What happens if they continue to contact him? Also, what does this mean that they are contacting him (instead of his ex)? Can he seek repercussions for his ex giving out his contact information if she is taking out loans? They have been apart for over a year now, and as far as my boyfriend and I know, she is garbage with money and a pretty terrible person, so it's also quite likely that she would be the kind of person that would do this. We are in BC Canada. Read through the bits in this guide regarding consumer rights and what to do if a collection agency is breaking the rules []() This sub is just find for Canadians. A couple of the mods are Canadian, and many Canadian lawyers are more active here than the other one (including me!) Do you know where Ex lives now?... "I think you're looking for my girlfriend's/boyfriend's ex. yeah he's an ass and keeps leaving my number, you can find him here, this is his number this is his work/mom/sister's number, enjoy"  You probably want /r/legaladvicecanada We have protections for that here in the US, not sure about ya'll in C eh? N eh? D eh? Not a lawyer. Debt collectors are notorious for being pushy, aggressive, and excessively hostile to intimidate. They figure either hes lying to protect her, and hoping to scare him into buckling, or if hes telling the truth, to piss him off into trying to contact her himself and make their job of trying to track her down easier. Don't let their mind game get to you two, all they have is an incorrect phone number.p