 Hey legal advice! I was involved in a minor rear end accident where the other party was 100% liable in Arizona. The insured hit my rear bumper and damaged it. I honestly didn’t notice much damage, but figured I should have a shop take a look (went with their select service). He said there was a “crease” or something which I don’t have perfect recollection for. Insurance paid $700 and change to repair the vehicle (bumper cover repair). For the record, it was a 4/5 year old Honda Civic EX sedan in “good” condition with less than average miles (40K). I was looking to trade in my car and Carvana is offering me $900 less because of a single accident history. I will readily admit this is a MINOR accident. I submitted a claim to the Hartford and they denied it flat out. I hired an appraiser to do market analysis and he came back and gave me a document with his findings stating a diminished value of $600-900 is acceptable for my vehicle, the condition etc. I submitted my claim again ($700) and they denied it. I called and spoke to the adjuster and the adjuster just basically read of a script. No big deal. Manager told me that DV “wasn’t real”. She didn’t believe in it, and that dealerships are in the business of making money and it’s my job to negotiate. And also stated “I’d probably lose” in small claims court. I’ll state that I work claims (SIU - complex injury and litigation), but I avoid PD claims like the plague. I looked up case law and there’s some that does state DV in AZ is real (Oliver v. Henry), and it does not require the owner to sell the vehicle, and recognizes DV despite claims of a vehicle being restored to a pre-accident condition. The lady that hit me was an old disabled woman, and I don’t WANT to file in small claims court, but I’m thinking I have to in order to recoup losses when I trade in my vehicle (which I’m holding out on doing). Does anyone have any opinions on if it’s worth it to pursue? Can I ask for costs + lost wages in SCC? I’m going to carmax to get an appraisal because I have contacts that work there. They said they should be able to itemize DV based on accident history. Any case law on DV and minor accidents? Thoughts on potential outcomes? I know they will argue no damage. Normal wear and tear existed. Restored to pre-accident condition. I feel like I have a valid case, despite it being a minor hit because it not has an accident history which influences potential buyers and dealerships.