 This morning I overheard a few nurses outside our room a little ways off saying 'im going to get rid of them today'. I felt it in my gut that they were talking about us. Sure enough a few hours later the Dr comes in and says our check out time blah blah and I was like "no we are staying until our insurance covers because our daughter is developing jaundice and our first son had it so bad he was in NICU for two weeks" and the Dr was like ok I didn't know you guys were staying until tomorrow. So while I was out with our two year old collecting money family members were sending us my wife calls and tells me they had checked us out behind our backs against our Will's. Her insurance covers four days after a c section and that would be tomorrow afternoon. So when I got back to the hospital they were saying that the pediatrician checked you guys out and we are not withdrawing the discharge papers and there are no complications with her c section so she needs to leave now. Is that how insurance works? It's too late for us to call insurance now so we can't reach them. We searched on Google and it tells us we have 96 hours after a c section to stay here in the hospital. Is this legal what they are doing?  Hospitals are not hotels. You don't check out when you feel like it, you check out when the doctor, the medical expert, decides there is no need for you to be there anymore. If you notice something wrong with the baby, you're welcome to go back to that hospital, or a different hospital, or you regular doctor for a check up.  Wow most insurance in Ohio is three days after a C-section with no complications not four. Google is great for many things but not for looking up your specific plan. Most insurance companies web-sites have a way for you to look up specific information on your specific plan. I would check with your plan's web-site. You may find the four day coverage, and able to be increased, is for complications with the mother. Also if the doctor doesn't feel you need to stay they can discharge you. [removed] You cannot force them to keep you. Discharge has nothing to do with when you want to leave but when the doctor feels you are ready.  Your insurance may cover up to 4 days but if the doctors feel there is no need to stay in the hospital your insurance company is not going to be able to force them to let you stay there. It's a medical facility, not a hotel, if there is no medical need to stay then you go home.  Please let LB get a chance to do his job. He tries hard but it takes a minute.  We need your location my guy