 Let me start off by saying I am in Mexico City in a very safe area. I'm in a very wealthy area (Condesa) where many Americans come to travel and stay in airbnbs. Also, please, I know Mexico isn't the safest place in the world but if you knew anything about the neighborhood I'm visiting you'd know there is not crime and no reason to feel unsafe. Another thing to point out is that my cousin is best friends with the owner of this restaurant. So please do not tell me I am naive (I know I could have been more precautious but there is not much to do about that now). So.. Today I was at a restaurant eating breakfast with some friends. We had 3 waiters come up to us to greet us. 2 were in the same restaurant uniform, and the other 1 was wearing all black. We all pretty much assumed he was the manager because he was watching over the other servers as they asked for our order. During the first few minutes of being at the restaurant, the waiter with the black shirt (who has the other 2 behind him) asks if we want anything to drink, and then asks if we need our phones charged. Nothing out of the ordinary for me, as I feel safe in the restaurant. None of the other waiters seem to think this is odd, and go along with it. I needed a bit of a charge so I let him take my phone to the back to charge it. Cut to an hour later when we are done eating and have asked for the check. I ask to get my phone back but the guy in the black shirt is gone. Apparently it was his first day on the job. He was training. He stole my phone! The owner of the restaurant came by to try to fix the situation and see if there was anything we could do before going to the police (who don't do much for things like stolen phones :( ). We ended up finding that the robber left HIS phone back at the restaurant and had tons of photos of stolen phones, and different contacts including his wife who we ended up calling and talking to.. We also found out that this robber gave the owner of the restaurant a fake name and NO identification. So she hired someone and had him training there on the first day with no ID. I've filed a report with the police who will hopefully investigate this whole thing, but I am wondering if there is a responsibility of the owner to help me pay for my 3 day old $1,500 phone. It was stolen by one of her "employees".. Shouldn't I have the right to feel safe at her restaurant? If he hadn't have gotten lucky with my phone, he could have very well ran off with money in their cash register later. It seems very irresponsible for the owner to have hired a man with no identification. I just don't want to be unreasonable by asking. Thank you for your advice. Cant say if the restaurant is liable for your phone, but it is illegal to employ people in Mexico without verifying that they can legally work there.  I have never heard of this in my life and I've been to dozens of restaurants in more than 30 countries, including Mexico. At least you locked it with a passcode/fingerprint. No idea if this is legal in Mexico or not, but that's probably not relevant. 't I have the right to feel safe at her restaurant? How safe someone "feels" is pretty subjective. And a "feeling" per se isn't a right. Perhaps. That's their problem. Again, you don't even know if that's true, if true if it's illegal, and generally speaking it's their business who they hire. Also generally speaking, the person who commits a crime against you is responsible for committing the crime, not their employer, their relatives, their nanny, etc.