 The other day my SO opened up the unit for the first time in a couple months and was met with a huge mess of insulation that had fallen from the ceiling. (This is not a climate controlled storage unit - it is a metal building outside in a rural area and I've had the unit for a couple years and got it right after it was built). Unluckily, the motor was sitting under the one spot where the leak occurred and now has a mess of water and insulation all over and inside of it and is rusting as we speak. The motor is a crate motor with only ~30 miles on it. SO found this Tuesday night, called the owner Wednesday evening (the number google has was not a working number so we had to go to the unit and get the info from the sign with another number on it). Nobody answered so I left a voicemail. Haven't heard anything back so I called again this afternoon and left another voicemail stating that this was important about an issue with the unit and to call me back ASAP. As far as I see it now, I'm going to ask the owner to reimburse me for the motor (am working on getting the receipt for it) through whatever means he thinks is appropriate. Most likely an insurance claim on his part I'm assuming. If he isn't willing to reimburse me, I'm looking at small claims court as an option. My questions are: 1.) If I still can't reach him by phone, should I send a certified letter detailing the situation and requesting a meeting with him at the storage unit? If not, what should my next steps be? 2.) Will me not being able to find my copy of the contract screw me over in any way? (I'm not even entirely sure there was a legit contract). 3.) Is he liable for the damage to the motor? If there is anything else I should include, just let me know. Thank you! I ended up contacting my agent and filing a claim. Thanks for the advice! If he wants to use the contract as a defense he'll show up with it. Home owners insurance often covers storage units. You may want to check your coverage and see if they'll assist you. Appreciate you taking the time for such a thorough response! Hopefully he returns my call tomorrow and we can get this resolved without going to court.  You're welcome. Start amicably and informal. Ask the unit owner to inspect with you sometime. Make it clear that there's damage and you just want to get paid for the damaged motor and move on with your life and not waste a ton of time. If he suggest that he's not responsible you counter with that he should be maintain the premises so that the roof doesn't cave in. He should have cleared the roof if it was overweight just like he should be clearing the sidewalk. When he doesn't respond you send him a registered letter offering to settle in the amount of $X. If no response by 5Pm on this date (one week from when you expect he would receive the letter) you intend to pay the matter into small claims court. This letter should be fairly formal. If he's inexperienced it will have the same feeling as being served with a suit. He contacts you and you settle for as much as you can. If he still says no you have the option to proceed with small claims if it's under your states limit. If the roof did collapse from snow I think you have a 10%-20% of winning. My experience has been that small claims is a total kangaroo court. Thank you so much for your replies and explanations. I believe what caused the roof to leak was all the snow and ice we've had recently. The roof is metal, so maybe what started as a small leak, was turned into a bigger one by water freezing and expanding the spot it was leaking through... That's my best guess. Again, thank you for your advice! It's not his duty to mitigate your loss. You've already documented what it looked like right after. You can and should move the engine to prevent further damage. Negligence is the omission to do something that a reasonable person would do. Has the unit owner done anything to cause this or could he have done anything to prevent this? If the answer to either is yes that's the point you'll try to make to establish why he should pay for this. Is it a leak in the roof? - then you can argue that the property owner didn't maintain the premises and ought to have know about the condition of the roof. Again I'm not getting a great understanding of what caused water to enter this unit but I don't see any negligence on the part of owner so far. Your best bet would be to keep things light and try and explain that him not maintaining the property has caused this. If you have to you can send him a registered letter with the amount you are demanding and try and settle somewhere in the middle.  I see your point, thank you for your response. The ceiling is intact, it's just the insulation that has fallen down and water leaking. I've tried contacting him but he isn't returning my calls. If he ignores my attempts to contact him and remedy the situation, I would consider him to be acting negligently only in that regard. I assume he would want to know what the issue is to be able to fix the it regardless of my property being damaged. The longer the motor sits there with water in it, the worse the damage is going to be. I took pictures Wednesday but am waiting for him to come to the unit with me to discuss the issue before I move anything. I've seen similar claims before. This is not a situation of bailment as the items are not in possession of the company, they simply rent you the space. The standard of care is no more than what exists between any two people. The only way that the storage unit would be liable would be if they were negligent in anyway. I'm not sure if the ceiling leaked or if it collapsed but is there any way that they could have prevented it? Would it even have been possible for them to know this would happen? Valid point. If I were to take this to small claims court though, would I have a leg to stand on with no contract? I feel that an assumption of renting a unit is that my stuff stays out of the weather. He should have some sort of liability in this situation, shouldn't he? You're going to tell him that something you own has been damaged while starting his property then you're going to ask him for a copy of the contract? I don't see that going well. Couldn't I ask the owner for a copy of the contract? You’re going to want to find that contract. You may have likely signed away you’re right to hold the facility accountable for the damages. Not that all contracts are iron clad but you’ll certainly be in an uphill battle. 