 So I was arrested on August 15 of last year and I’ve been out on bail since. I was pulled over for having a brake light out and the officer smelt weed from my truck since I was on my way home from smoking. I cooperated and the arresting cop told me he would put in a good word on the report. I’m in Texas and got charged a misdemeanor b class for the possession of around 3 grams by the way. Since my arrest I’ve checked in with my bondsman every week and haven’t gotten in anymore legal trouble, I’m also a college student. I was under the impression that my lawyer had got my case dismissed or at least to the point where it wouldn’t be brought to court since that’s what he told me he was going to try to do for me. Anyways I got a call Friday morning that my court date is on the 5th of July and I’m just wondering what to expect. I know that the standard sentence for a first time weed possession is 6 months to a year probation and 6 months with my license suspended but I was wondering if there’s any way I can get any of that reduced since this is my first time getting in any sort of legal trouble( no tickets or anything prior to my arrest) and since the cop told me he would put a good word in for me. I really can’t afford to lose my license since I drive for my job. Haven’t been able to talk to my lawyer yet because his office are only open Monday through Thursday. Ok good. I have no other advice regarding your situation other than to talk with your lawyer still. Good luck. Oops my bad the 5th was when I got the call, the court date is the 10th First, in your post you said you got a call on Friday saying your court date is July 5th. Either you put the court date wrong or it was July 5th. Monday morning you NEED to call your lawyer as it is passed July 5th already. You may have a bench warrant for failure to appear. Right now that should be your main concern. No problem, good luck! Hopefully your lawyer can take care of you! Yeah I guess it’s pretty dumb to think a cop would actually help me out in court lol. I’ll for sure ask my lawyer tomorrow morning about the date but I’ve been having terrible anxiety since yesterday and figured this sub would be the most helpful til I can talk to my lawyer. Just wanted to see what my options are. Okay thank you I will definitely ask my lawyer about the drug classes! And yeah I’m not too sure about the license part but I know a few of my friends who had theirs suspended but maybe that was for something else? Anyways thank you for the advice You need to talk with your lawyers and tell him since it's your first offense to try and push for a drug class vs probation. Probation cost more money, have to check in every so often and also take more drug tests. And as a college student I imagine most of those things wont work for you, they didnt work for me either. Luckily the ada was willing to accept the drug class and pay some fines. But definitely talk with your lawyer and see what he can do for you. And I never heard about the suspended liscense part, maybe that's more of a new thing as it wasn't even brought up when I had my issue. Good luck! Honey the cop isn't putting in a good word for you. All cops say that. He's coming to court to testify against you, not for you. You have to understand that was lip service so that you were compliant and less likely to retain counsel. You need to call your lawyer and ask what kind of date it is. It doesn't necessarily sound like a trial date based on what you're saying. Otherwise, you're asking us to guess at things your attorney knows for a fact. Definitely ask them.