 Throw away account. Sorry for the wall of text, but I feel I need an explanation of my situation. Also mobile, sorry for that. So I let my baby momma move in for about 2 months in to my apartment under the reasoning she gets clean. She's not on the lease and nothing legal was signed for her proof of residency, and I told her she could stay if she stayed clean from drugs. She didn't pay any rent or provide any assistance in the living situation. I was heavily under suspicion she was high on meth, and I kicked her out when she put my health at risk when I asked her to drive me to urgent care or ER. Her behavior heavily reflected how he acts when she was high on meth and I turned in to the bad guy (apparently) because I called her selfish for it. She couldn't stop moving and didn't sleep the night before. Anyways she didn't want to take me because she, in her words, "didnt want to sit there and wait". Well I had my sister come get me, and I told her to get out and locked my house because I KNEW she was gonna take my belongings while I was gone and dip. Well I went to the ER (I'm a Type 1 Brittle Diabetic and a recent illness put me in to DiabeticKetoAcidosis) and while I was there I had my sister go check on her because I was worried for safety, and she managed to get back in (a spare key she made maybe? never gave her one but no sign of forced entry) and my sister saw her in there. She told my sister my apartment manager let her back in ( I asked them and she lied about that, they never let anyone in) and my sister grabbed all my expensive small electronics she could, and my (now ex) gf knew exactly where everything was because she was packing it all up in her bag. She was pulling stuff out of her stuff that I was telling my sister to grab and she was getting ready to leave with it. Sister went back that night to see if she was there still. Well my ex was gone but a bunch of my stuff was missing. (gamecubes, 3ds, video games, stuff she could get rid of for drugs) Most importantly all of my insulin syringes were missing, and now I'm without these things I need to live I had a fresh batch from my pharmacy, so 90 syringes. Minus the 10 I keep on my person at all times. Anyways this happened on saturday, and I got out of the hospital today and called the police to file a report. But the officer said since she lived there, even for the small amount of time, she could have taken whatever she wanted because there was no way to tell if it was hers or not. even the syringes too I guess? He also said apparently she could break in through the window if she wanted and nothing could be done? I don't know, but the police officer really didnt seem to care and not want to help out. Is there anything I can do? Does that sound right? She's currently back at her mothers north of Mesa in Payson. You can sue her for the value of whatever she took. Practically drug addicts don't tend to have a lot of assets lyinga round to pay a judgement with. Also, she doesn't seem to be making an issue of this, yet, but you cannot have a tenant and then suddenly lock them out. You need to give them notice and if you sue her she could potentially counter sue you for the illegal eviction. 