 Hello, I live in Illinois in USA, and I'm just a highschooler that has no idea about law. My mother faces verbal harassment from her manager, and the other people at her workplace as well. It depends on how the people do their work, he degrades the people who don't do well with their work while praising those who are doing well, and it has been going on for years. The complicated part is that the manager of that company (something to do with logistics) is our cousin's aunt's brother, and our cousin's aunt also works there. My mother is having a predicament, as she wants to take action but also does not want to hurt the family bond and such, and so I came here to see what our options were. Of course, I personally believe that it is unhealthy for the company to have such manager but my mother feels in debt to our cousin's aunt as she endorsed(?) my mother to even get the job in the first place. She has been apparently working under these conditions for 6 years, but is on her last thread and most of the people of the company are aware of this. She is planning on quitting anyway, but I just want to know our options beforehand. Is there a law against this?   't do well with their work while praising those who are doing well, and it has been going on for years. There's nothing even remotely illegal about that.   't do well with their work while praising those who are doing well, and it has been going on for years. While not the best leadership model, as long as his degrading marks are not something about the person being a member of a protected class, he can be an asshole to those who don't do well and nice to those that do all day long. INAL. There is nothing you can do. She can quit. Toxic managers like that are not worth working for. It stinks to watch her go through that. I did with my mom for 20 years. She was an adult so my hands were tied, as are yours.  't do well with their work while praising those who are doing well It is poor management to degrade any employees but it is entirely legal to praise people who do their jobs well more than the people who do not. And regardless, there is nothing at all YOU can do about poor management at someone else's job. Unless the harassment is based on membership in a protected class, such as race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, pregnancy, and age it’s not illegal to be an asshole.