 So long story short, I was running my last order doing Doordash, when I got pulled over by an undercover cop. He stopped me because my windows are tinted over the limit in TN. He asked if I knew how dark they were and I replied "no comments." Then he asked me how long I've had the car, and I answered four years. He then switched the topic and told me he smelled marijuana in my car, and asked me if I had been smoking. Against my better judgement, I reacted without thinking, and told the officer that my friend smoked in my car last night; though in hindsight I should've declined to answer altogether. He then asked if I smoke marijuana, and this time I just said, "I choose to not answer," to which he said "ok." He asked me to step out of the vehicle, which I did, and he proceeded to pat me down. He informed me that because he had probable cause, he does not need my consent to search my car. The officer then asked me to sit with my hands and legs crossed by the sidewalk while he searches my vehicle, to which I complied without any complaint. It was around this time when a second officer had arrived at the scene. The second officer kept an eye on me while the officer who pulled me over, searched my car. Eventually, the cop found a small pipe I once used an year ago, in my glovebox. When he showed it to me, I was surprised and felt blindsided, and again, without thinking, I told the officer that it belongs to my "friend." I really wish I would've kept my mouth shut to that question, but given that I had a pending DoorDash order for which I was already 15min late delivering, I felt pressured and replied without thinking. In the end the officer issued me a citation; giving me my booking, and court dates, before letting me go. I was charged with having tinted windows, and for possession of drug paraphernalia in my car. Both misdemeanors. I feel should point out that during the entire interaction, I was very calm, polite and cooperative. I complied with every request the officer made, while asserting my rights whenever I remembered to. My question is, at this point, what would you recommend I do? Should I fight or plead guilty? I want to fight it, but I want to know how I can best win and drop the drug paraphernalia charge. I'm a first time offender, and I've never been issued a citation or been arrested for anything before today. In as far as the drug paraphernalia is concerned, couldn't I argue that it was used for tobacco, and the fact that the officer smelled marijuana in my vehicle has no correlation with the pipe he found? What sort of sentencing could I possibly be looking at given that this is my very first offense? Please let me know. Thanks! NAL Did he measure the darkness? They have things that slip onto the window that tell them the actual percentage +- 5%. You might be able to slip out of the window tint ticket if you remove it and provide a pIcture to the judge? I think your on the hook for the paraphernalia. Not sure what the laws are in TN but in Missouri you just pay a fine for paraphernalia  Plead guilty and pay the fines. You don't have a leg to stand on. It looks like you could get one year in jail. Get an attorney and make a deal to pay fines and no jail time. Fight it on what grounds? Best bet for reduced charges is an attorney.