 New Mexico. Went to the public defenders office. Secretary says theres a ten dollar filing fee. I didn't have the money. Came back next week soon as possible with ten bucks. She then asks for proof of income. I am an artist, and income doesn't have any weight to my career. I had to go to a different public office, the foodstamps place, and have them print something off to "prove my indigency". The third time I have gone to this office and i still dont have a lawyer. The paper in the office details we must come with 10 dollars and proof of indigency, this time I was turned away because I didn't bring my own police report and court documents. I asked her to show me where it says such a thing. I thought that was going to be the lawyers job to collect the evidence. She informed me I could find it at the court house. The office secretaries are the only talking heads I've been dealing with and they are so rude. As if they look for a reason not to file. The customer service is a disaster. I feel as tho the secretaries attitude is restricting my right to right of counsel. Court is coming up quickly. I can barely afford to get to town let alone buy a lawyer. Is this districts rules or this defenders office secretary making it harder then necessary to acquire a constitutional right? Off topic, the police officers facts of the events are false. This makes me very scared... In order to qualify for a public defender, you have to prove you are poor or "indigent." There is a definition of indigent. You are required to apply for a public defender, and the p.d. office will determine whether or not you qualify based on their standards. You may feel you are too poor to afford a lawyer. Nonetheless you may not qualify for a public defender if you do not meet the guidelines for being indigent. If you do not qualify based on your income, you will have to ask private attorneys for their rates and attempt to enter into a payment plan to secure legal counsel. You should have called ahead the first time before you went to see what you needed. You came unprepared and they weren't going to waste their time on you. You're the one wasting your own time. Proving that are indigent and proving a copy of your records is a reasonable requirement to be assigned a public defender. You are very mistaken if you think public defenders office have any responsibility to provide you with a high degree of customer service. You are entitled to a defense, nothing else.  So I believe you mean the 6th amendment, the 5th would be about not incriminating yourself. In any case you are being given the oppurtunity to get a lawyer you just need to follow their procedure. 