 Hello! So today I was driving around and I got pulled over for going 36mph in a 25 zone by some undercover mustang...I had no idea where it came from and don't know exactly where it sat. So basically the area I got pulled over at is almost a giant residential pocket, one 4 lane road leading into it with two tiny side roads besides that one main 4 lane road leading into that pocket. Now the 4 lane road actually was the 25mph zone that I got pulled over in (and the ticket says that's when the incident occurred) however I thought it was a 35 zone given how there was no signage from the direction I was coming from and I assumed that the street had a higher limit than 25mph given that it was 2 lanes each direction with a big center island trees etc and I turned from a smaller residential street area into it (direction towards coming out of the pocket)... there is only one 25mph sign on that 4 lane road and that is right when you enter the neighborhood pocket and when I got pulled over the cop told me how there is a sign entering the pocket indicating that the street is a 25mph zone... I was wondering if it is worth it fighting it in court given that I could say how I didn't see the sign coming into it because I used one of the side streets and when I was exiting through the big road wasn't aware of it with giving reason that there was no sign when I merged onto the road? Or is all of this pointless and I should just give them the money? I know the ticket doesn't cost enough to be worth hiring a lawyer for or seek professional advice for it but I was just wondering if this is actually a legal way that I can succeed in fighting the ticket or whether it would go as how I "am supposed to go the same speed limit I saw in the side streets until I see a different speed posted anywhere else"? This is my first incident like this so I'm not sure how to approach it. You can always try to fight it, but not seeing a sign and incorrectly assuming the speed limit likely won't be a good defense. Personally I would pay it and move on. Stop running stop signs.