 Alright, so this is my first post on Reddit, I've only looked at Reddit whenever I'm at school or something, so I've never been really involved too much, so if I mess up this post or something, I apologise Anyways, I'm a 16 almost 17 year old, I have a job, and going to school is really difficult sometimes, as I don't get off until 11 some nights. Last night I couldn't fall asleep until 3-4, so I slept through my alarm (even though it's loud as hell) I didn't wake up this morning or go to school, my mom's always gone, either at work or her BF's, so she gets a call from the school, then calls me, saying I'm grounded n all... She comes home and she starts taking my stuff, and she keeps saying that I'm not trying at all with school, now I wouldn't mind if she took everything for a few days or something, but then she said she's taking it until the summer, but considering that I PAID FOR ALL OF IT, I was pretty pissed, we got into an argument and all, she ended up taking everything, so she's keeping it at my grandparents house until the summer Is there some way to prove I own my belongings (my PC, PS4, etc) and manage to get it back? Even if I need to call the police? I know it's a long shot but it's all I have to be happy about, playing videogames and talking to my friends is all I look forward to nowadays since I'm miserable at school and work, I know it's a long shot, and I appreciate any advice or answers I can get, even if there's nothing I can do legally Depending upon your location your employer may not be allowed to make you stay at work until 11PM if you are a minor. Who you live with doesn't change the fact that your Mother is your parent. She is legally allowed to parent you, and punishment is part of parenting.  Yes. She is your parent. She can control the use of your belongings. She can also control the use of your earnings. Even if my roommate and my brother pay just as much as she does? No, that would not matter at all. Just curious, are there loopholes if we have a roommate and we're in an apartment? You may own them (that's a sticky area) but even if you do, she is absolutely allowed to control their use in her house.