 Just a quick question, I recently had my juvenile records destroyed so does that mean when I apply for a entry level job I can put down no on the application when they ask if I have a record or no? (extra question if I was to join the army do I still have to tell them about it since it'd be a FBI background check?) thanks in advance No problem. If you have any questions about the Army, I'd be willing to discuss. PMs aren't allowed on this subreddit, but if you go ask at /r/militaryfaq - you can get some good help Thank you   'd be a FBI background check? If you're going for a security clearance (A LOT of jobs require it), it's not FBI, it's OPM. They don't ask "Do you have a record". Here's what they ask: - In the past seven (7) years have you been issued a summons, citation, or ticket to appear in court in a criminal proceeding against you? (Do not check if all the citations involved traffic infractions where the fine was less than $300 and did not include alcohol or drugs) - In the past seven (7) years have you been arrested by any police officer, sheriff, marshal or any other type of law enforcement official? - In the past seven (7) years have you been charged, convicted, or sentenced of a crime in any court? Include all qualifying charges convictions or sentences in any Federal, state, local, military, or non-U.S. court, even if previously listed on this form). - In the past seven (7) years have you been or are you currently on probation or parole? - Are you currently on trial or awaiting a trial on criminal charges? - Have you EVER been convicted in any court of the United States of a crime, sentenced to imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year for that crime, and incarcerated as a result of that sentence for not less than 1 year? (Include all qualifying convictions in Federal, state, local, or military court, even if previously listed on this form) - Have you EVER been charged with any felony offense? (Include those under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and non-military/ civilian felony offenses) - Have you EVER been convicted of an offense involving domestic violence or a crime of violence (such as battery or assault) against your child, dependent, cohabitant, spouse, former spouse, or someone with whom you share a child in common? - Have you EVER been charged with an offense involving firearms or explosives? - Have you EVER been charged with an offense involving alcohol or drugs? Note, they don't say "Do you have a current conviction on file?" They ask "In the past 7 years have you been convicted of a crime in any court." Or, "Have you EVER been CHARGED with ANY felony?" And trust me, no matter how much the records were destroyed, they will find it. They will interview everyone who knew you and ask them. Your friends/family will tell them, under the threat of perjury, that you were convicted. [Here's the form, by the way]()