 I live in California. I want to go on a road trip with some friends and we want to have weed in the car. We are all 19 years old. If a cop pulls my over and finds out that I have weed, would I go to jail? Plus the extra vehicle code violation ([VC 23222(b)]()) for having a small amount of marijuana in a motor vehicle. A highway patrol officer can (and will) happily write both citations for under-21 drivers. It's safer to keep the weed sealed in containers in the trunk. It's safest to not have it at all. And if the road trip includes any of the glorious National Parks, OP should be aware that marijuana possession in National Parks is a different set of Federal penalties. None particularly severe, but they are criminal and not civil. If you're in the state of CA, you can transport cannabis for personal use, but it can't be accessable while you're driving. So just put in in a box (pelican cases are great: they seal completely) and carry it in the trunk. Drive carefully and don't lie if asked about it. Obviously, don't smoke when driving If caught just be super honest and respectful to the police and they'd likely pour it out on the side of the road and let you go...maybe with a citation and maybe w/o. Times are a changin' It is a civil infraction to possess weed in you are under 21 in California. Up to $100 fine and that is it. Not a lawyer, but if you get pulled over and they search your car for some reason and find weed, you will at least get fined and they will probably take the weed. My advice would be to do the speed limit, use your signal, come to a full stop at stop signs and don't rush the yellow lights. Don't give them an excuse to pull you over in the first place. Potentially, yes. Weed is still technically illegal despite the state laws, so if you are going across state lines you would be breaking federal law, which is the law that governs interstate travel. 1. Nuggmd.com for a forty dollar medical marijuana card. This alone will make the possession of marijuana legal for you since you’re under 21. 2. Check the laws that reside under having a medical card. 3. Pot brothers at law recommend to follow a script if you get pulled over and you have marijuana in your car. 4. Don’t drive high be smart etc. common sense, still federally illegal and you’re not technically of age If your roadtrip all within California? To be perfectly clear, I would never advise keeping marijuana in your vehicle other than in the trunk while driving from legal dispensary to your home, but there are riskier things than carrying pot around for an intrastate trip.