 My partner and are currently on a 1 year apartment lease in Minnesota along with 1 other roommate. Sometime around 6-10 months ago our roommate started showing signs of being mentally unwell: \-She basically lives in isolation in her bedroom when she is not at work. She doesn't seem to have any friends. The few she used to have, she appears to not talk to anymore. \-She has been throwing objects around the apartment loudly late at night, waking us up/keeping us awake worrying. \-She claims that I (along with many other random people she encounters) have been commenting about the way she smells and verbally harassing her for it. None of this is true, (at least from my end anyway) but she doesn't seem to believe me. She is convinced that she smells terrible, even though no one that I know has smelled anything even remotely offensive about her. \-She has been late paying rent several times. After confronting her about these behaviors many times, we eventually reached a breaking point and asked her to move out by the end of January, giving her well over 6 weeks notice. She agreed to this. Anyways, my question is: What are the legal ramifications of us kicking her out of the apartment? Can she call the police or some authority and demand that she be allowed to stay/move back in since she is on the lease, even though she agreed to move out? Oh. I see. Thanks. Guess OP is SOL.  The landlord would need to terminate the tenancy of both of them. He can't just unilaterally decide to change the terms of the lease (e.g., remove one of the roommates). That's not what I said. The landlord could kick her out if her behavior called for it.  No. No matter what her conduct, a roommate on a lease with another roommate cannot kick out their roommate.  Unless her conduct warranted it.   't leave of her own free will. What do you mean by "default"? OP and the roommates are presumably joint and severally liable for rent, which means if this person fails to pay, OP needs to pay rent in full and still wouldn't be able to kick the roommate out. She has no obligation to move out, so yes, both of those things are possible.  And do not pay her until she's moved out.  The problem is A) the possibility of her changing her mind and deciding not to move out and B) not being able to move out because of bad finances and being mentally unstable. Yes.  What do you mean by "she would probably have to default"? Does that just mean violate the terms of the lease? From what you've told us, there is no reason she has to move out until the lease is over. If you kick her out, or even if she leaves voluntarily, she could decide she wants back in, and the police would back her up, since her name would still be on the lease. Doing this properly would look like sitting down with the landlord, and having everyone (including her), sign off on her exiting the lease. If you really want her out, it may be worth a cash incentive (to help her with deposit for a new place), payable once she's off the lease and the keys are returned. Do not make any move to force her out, it will only create more problems. Your verbal agreement will carry no weight with this issue. In that case she would probably have to default if she doesn't leave of her own free will.  Then you don't have any authority to kick anyone out. The three of us are on the same 1 year lease. There is no sublet.  No, the three of us are tenants. Did she sublet the room from you and your partner? If so then she is your tenant. Did you commit to a certain length of contract? If not then she is month to month. You can evict her with 30 days written notice in most states and be on solid legal ground.  Are you her landlord?