 TL;DR: roommate picked the lock on my bedroom door to snoop in my bedroom. She said she is going to call the police because I took a picture of her without her consent after she had broken into my bedroom. Am I allowed to use the security camera app Alfred in my own bedroom? Did she break any law by breaking into my bedroom? Hi! I live in a 3 bedroom rental that has 5 occupants (including me). One of my roommates asked about something she only could have known about if she snooped through my room (fleshlight). Last week, my friend built me a raspberry pi camera that takes a picture every 30 seconds when movement is detected, and my phone is not connected to the network. It also sends me an alert. It is in the corner of my room pointed at the door. Within 10 minutes of me leaving the house, she went into my room carrying her cat. The cat is not allowed in my room because I am allergic to cats. I am not deathly allergic or anything, but hives, itchiness, and general congestion. She deposited her cat on my pillow and snooped around for 6.5 minutes. My door was closed (it automatically closes) and locked (it automatically locks), but all the locks in the house are keyed to the same key. I immediately went to Ace and rekeyed my room's two locks. The following day, she told me that in our lease, there is a $500 fine for changing our locks and she was considering telling our landlord. I ignored her. Today, she somehow picked the lock on my door and went into my room again. I confronted her, and she told me 1) she was freaking out because she couldn't find her cat and thought it might be in my room (it was in her closet), 2) I could have only known if I had a security camera and California is a one-party consent state, and she does not consent to be recorded, 3) this is why different locks are not allowed, and she was going to report me to the landlord and police. Do I have any legal liability? Because we are not recording audio or video, I do not think I am breaking any laws in CA. My mother is worried that taking pictures every 30 seconds is not enough and the girl might try to frame me. She recommended I download the app Alfred on an old phone (it takes 15 seconds of audio and video when movement is detected and uploads it to a server). Is the app Alfred legal in California with its one-party consent laws? If she tells the landlord I changed the locks and we get fined, we can sue her right? Is it even legal to have that large of a fine for changing internal house locks? Did my roommate break and entered my room by picking the lock? Note we are all on the same lease together, there is nothing that says my bedroom is mine in the contract. Thank you, A foreign exchange student PS - please forgive me for my poor grammar and English. Feel free to blame Google Translate. PPS - My school's legal aid office does not open for another week. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Advertising and Recommendations This is a forum for legal answers. We do not allow any advice on specific lawyers, legal services or legal products. Non-legal advice on products or services may be allowed at moderator discretion. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rules 3](), [4](), and [5]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. They still need to consent to audio recording their conversations, especially if the hallway is a common space of their own home.  I think you're right. There's a provision in my current lease that keeps me from doing that. Nothing about adding a locking door knob on bedroom doors, assuming the old one is put back when the lease expires. They have a right to access as well, but they will need to give at least 24+ before they barge in. IANAL but I think assault is probably the lowest charge you could get for it. I'm guessing if you were aware the allergy was severe enough to potentially cause death you'd get something a bit harder.  You can buy cheap security cameras with or without audio on amazon now for under $30. Wyze is one that is great but does have audio. Set one of those up and it'll back up to your phone.  For $20 you can get a great little security camera from Wyze.  That refers to audio recording. If your understanding of 2 Party Consent were true, any security camera would be illegal. If your understanding of 2 Party Consent were true, you couldn't take pictures or videos outside in the public.  Ahhhhh this is what I was hoping to see! But I would never have thought that intentionally messing with someone’s allergies would be classified as assault? You are fully allowed to record your own \PRIVATE\ bedroom without consent. Otherwise, no security cameras would be allowed in court. What she did is breaking and entering, and she could fully be arrested for picking the lock into your room and entering without your permission.  Greetings, An intruder has no expectation of privacy regardless of state. If she started undressing in your room, you wouldn't be violating peeping tom laws if she had to trespass to access your room. Something I'm not as familiar with, is how your lease is worded. Does your lease specify which room belongs to who? I believe regardless it should be considered 'your' room even if it isn't specified in the lease when there is a verbal agreement, but having it on paper makes the case stronger. I'd get a no trespassing sign for your room. Her cat being in your room will never be a legal excuse. On a side note, while you may trust your friend who made the Raspberry Pi camera, please treat it like it is recording 24/7 and cover it when you are in the room. Even if they showed you it only doing one thing, its easy to make it do a lot more without anyone knowing.  Correct. Now, on the other hand, why this kid isn't at the police station filing a report right now is beyond me. If the device isn't enhanced to record outside of the room, you should be ok. If the device is enhanced to record audio from a different room, you're breaking the law. This is how a judge should see it. It's why you can sit outside in public with a microphone and if you hear someone yelling across the street you'll be fine, but if you use a satellite dish-type microphone to record audio through someones windows, you're going to get into legal trouble. A judge will look at intent. This is based off security law conferences where I read some stuff that was held in Texas. At the end of it, the judge will have some discretion. It'll never get that far, and if it does, you lawyer up and they'll show precedent. So she wants to report a crime where she committed a felony and its recorded? Sure! go ahead and do that. Let her tell the landlord you changed the locks. You can change em back or call the landlord yourself and let them know. Hell if you offer to provide the landlord a copy of the key they probably won't care at all. You might have to commit to changing the lock back, ohh no! Now that she's know's she's being recorded keep it up. Maybe make up a poster or some sort of signage that says monitoring is in place and entry to your living area implies consent. Honestly you should move asap, this will only get worse. She is a sociopath and care only for what she wants. Im pretty sure what she did is a felony. It wasn’t a mistake. Your information is incorrect. Please reference the person who responded to OP in your comment.  Really? That’s literally what I was saying.  This is the correct advice.  Post a sign on your door that says "this room is under video surveillance" and if she enters after that, she's effectively giving consent to be recorded. If she "doesn't want to be recorded" she can't enter, simple as that. Otherwise, there are many suggestions for you to talk to your landlord and I strongly agree! No one wants a tenant who makes problems for their other tenants, and it will reflect better on you that you took the initiative to contact them before crazy roommate does. I also suggest that you have a copy of the new key ready to give to the landlord as soon as you speak with them, as it will show that you're being responsible to your duties as a tenant. Good luck OP! AFAIK two party consent only applies if there would be a reasonable expectation of privacy, eg not a public place. A store is very public and therefore it wouldn’t apply. Also as others have said two party consent actually refers to audio recordings Would she still be b trespassing if they are all renting the house, not individual rooms? Wouldn’t this be an issue of security vs. communication? If OP’s intent was not to record conversations and the content of the particular video did not involve communication but instead actions like invading privacy, how would it qualify as communication? Do the other roommate know this roommate likes to scavenge around in the locked private space of others? If not, they might like to be informed of that fact for their own private spaces.  Two-party states refer to audio recording, not video. Most CCTV cameras do not record audio. I’m guessing that’s the deadbolt of the apartment if anything.  Yeah you're right, there needs to be an expectation of privacy, which breaking into someone else's home, you can not reasonably have. Did anyone in that sub take the 30 seconds to look up the CA law? Comments abound telling LAOP they may be in trouble because the 2-party consent but did anyone read the text? ###### eavesdrop upon or record the confidential communication... ...evidence obtained as a result of eavesdropping upon or recording a confidential communication in violation of this section is not admissible.... The law was enacted to prevent/criminalize eavesdropping. It's in the first sentence. What was LAOP eavesdropping on, their roommate rifling through their private space uninvited? Of course not. LAOP set up a security system to catch intruders, which they did. Eavesdropping is what Project Veritas did to Planned Parenthood. It is not victims and police departments posting videos of porch thieves. \[cont.\] ...confidential communication, whether the communication is carried on among the parties in the presence of one another or by means of a telegraph, telephone, or other device, except a radio, shall be punished... ...“confidential communication” means any communication carried on in circumstances as may reasonably indicate that any party to the communication desires it to be confined to the parties thereto... I'm sure the roommate would gladly contend their intrusiveness is their own personal business but who on earth could listen to that argument without at least a chuckle? The only thing confidential she was doing was something arguably illegal. I get there are more issues illustrated in the post but the posts by others over the security footage is so overblown.  Nope. Letting the roommate know that there is a recording device in the room is sufficient. Any reasonable person could conclude that if they made loud noises outside of a closed door, behind which there is a recording device, there is a chance they could be recorded.The roommate can't start screaming outside of the room then claim they weren't aware they were being recorded. True, but if it can record sound outside of the room (so if the microphone is sensitive enough) it does get very grey. So if you have a sticker or a sign on the door informing the the room is recorded and the mic is not to sensitive than you should be fine. It isn't grey at all if the roommate is informed that there is audio recording in that room. NAL but my understanding is in some places if you use security cameras you are required to post signage. No idea if that would apply here or if it’s only for commercial areas. You should email Alfred and ask them to provide documentation on how their app is legal in CA. I bet they would be able to. Can someone more informed than me answer this: wouldn't the consent thing not apply here because the pictures were being taken in OPs private room, aka their own home? Like in a two party consent state, a home invader couldn't sue a homeowner for having a security camera up inside their own home, right? If that's true, wouldn't that also be the case here? She wasn't being recorded in a shared or common area, and the second time, she actually picked the lock to enter the area. The California 2 party consent laws specifically apply to recordings of communication. I doubt they would apply to recording an empty room where no communication is occurring. Doesn't that also only affect communication between two parties? OP is recording in their private area so wouldn't that not be considered communication between two parties? Isn't this more of a privacy issue vs 2-party consent? One thing you should seriously consider doing is filing a police report. Have you ever given her consent to enter your room? Have you ever specifically told her not to enter your room? If you have explicitly told her not to enter into your room at any time then she is guilty of violation of California Penal Code 602.5 , trespassing. If you live on campus or near it I would file with them, if you are in the city file with the police department. Further more if she went into your room when she picked the locks and took something that you can prove she took it, call and file a burglary report. Your bedroom is your space. Just due to the fact that she have access to the residence does not give her access and free reign of your bedroom. Read up on PC 459 for more. If you file a report and get a case number from the PD or college police and then you have the option to go to the court house and get a restraining order. There should be legal facilitators at the court house that can assist you in filing the paper work and the process. Most court houses have translators on scene or can use a translation line over the phone to assist you. Your camera system can film in your room free and clear as long as it doesn't film the rest of the commonly accessed areas of the apartment where privacy would be expected.  I am not a lawyer, and I'm not your lawyer. These discussions about California being a two-party consent state are missing the point. The rule that would (theoretically) stop you from recording your roommate, California Penal Code 632, does not apply to "any [] circumstance in which the parties to the communication may reasonably expect that the communication may be overheard or recorded." You told her she would be recorded if she enters your room. That means that any recording after that is valid. Keep the camera in your room; there's nothing wrong with it. If it was illegal to record anyone in any private spaces at all without their consent, don't you think any private company security cameras would be illegal? Since they aren't and private businesses still have cameras, it logically follows that in your own bedroom you can do the same. [removed] But is there actually a reasonable expectation of privacy in someone else’s private room? IANAL, but I don’t think the changing of internal locks would have a $500 fine. Especially if you give a copy of the key to property management.  That's a good point, that would explain why even in two-party consent states a store can cite video surveillance of someone shoplifting, correct?  Omg no, don’t let this psycho intimidate you! This is a classic manipulation technique That's backwards in two ways. One, you need consent when there is a reasonable expectation of privacy, not when there isn't. Two, the expectations that matter are those of the individual recorded, not the individual recording. So as others have said, LAOP should be fine, because a trespasser (his roommate) has no expectation of privacy while trespassing. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Q NAL but when I googled your question the first link that popped up said “secret video recordings are illegal on all private property in some states, like California” Can you just go to Ace Hardware and pick up one of those signs that says “you are being recorded” to post conspicuously in your room. Then it’s no longer a secret recording The consent laws are in places that you aren’t expected to have privacy. You are entitled to privacy in your own bedroom and are legally allowed to have recorded it since it’s your bedroom and she shouldn’t have been breaking into your room anyway. If it was in a public space or the bathroom, then it would be a bit more iffy but this is your private bedroom.   Probably not as bad as what lies beneath... Instead of just having a camera take a picture every 30 seconds, you could considering getting a Wyze camera that will record video and audio (which can be turned off). It will also send a motion alert to your phone and record 12 seconds of video after motion detection to the cloud. You can also add a micro sd card so it records 24/7 but if your roommate damaged/ stole the camera, you would only have the cloud recordings. The camera is only $26 shipped and there is no fee for the cloud recording. There is also an option of 2 way communication with the camera. So if you get a motion alert when your RM breaks in, you can tell her to gtfo over the camera. Though that may make her more likely to destroy/ steal the camera. Consult a lawyer. Let them know you are thinking of filing a lawsuit or possibly retain them. During the 1/2 hour free consult, ask about the recording. If he/she is iffy at all, find out how to record legally. If they give the all-clear, go to court with the video of the cat (and all the rest). She has broken into your room and assaulted you via the allergies. You should get a restraining order. She will have to move out. The court will assign a police officer to be there to prevent her from attacking you. You nesd to be there to make sure your stuff doesn't migrate. [removed] Thats referring to audio, and there's a few relevant stipulations on that. Recording laws generally only apply to where one has a reasonable expectation of privacy. In a bathroom, you have one. In a store, you don't. I would love to see her try to represent that she had a reasonable expectation of privacy in a room she is not renting and had to pick the lock to get into. If OP had invited her into their bedroom, then she would have a reasonable expectation of privacy. Further, she's aware that there is recording in progress. Since she wasn't aware on first entry, she could argue that she didn't consent to recording upon first entry. Now that she's aware, if she doesn't consent, her option is to not trespass. By entering a private space she knows to be recorded, she is consenting to being recorded, even if she says she doesn't consent. Similarly, if someone calls you and tells you that the call is being recorded, you have the option not to speak, or to hang up the phone. They don't have to stop recording if you say you don't consent. Not that that's relevant, because again, she's trespassing. Send your landlord the videos of the roommate entering your room multiple times. Send the one of her putting the cat on your pillow with attached doctors note stating how allegeric you are. If the roommate is aware (if not, let her know via text and email) of your allergy, you could agrue she's knowingly trying to cause you harm... on top of being a boundary stomping jerk. Not op but California is a two party consent state. It’s illegal to record someone without their consent. Not an expert but confused about why consent is even relevant in this case. OP is recording video and her private space, and the second party is someone who is not entitled to be in that space and has entered illicitly. It makes no sense to me to argue that OP needs the consent of someone who has essentially broken into her private space.  Don’t be sorry, it’s an honest mistake. You are right! I am so sorry. As an aside, California is a 2-party consent state not a 1-party consent state. 1 party consent means that only one party has to consent to video or audio recording (you would be the 1 party in that situation). In a 2 party consent state, both parties must consent to the recording.  It can get very grey very fast, if you can disable audio recording then that would be best.  Alfred records both audio and video. Does that make it illegal? You should have no issue if it is only in your room and doesn't record sound. To cover you a bit more, tell your roommate that they will be recorded if they enter your room (an email could give you proof for later). The consent laws mainly cover conversations and phone calls. Finally your roommate doesn't really have a reasonable expectation of privacy when they are going into someone else's room or picking a lock to get into a room. Do you have a source for the fact that you are allowed to make security recordings in your bedroom? Smart! I will talk to my landlord tomorrow. I have all the old pins. You have a weird name though... You can make security recordings in your bedroom. Face the camera away from public areas so they don't record when the door opens. Talk to your landlord. Explain everything in detail. They'd probably like to know about this tenant behaving in the way they do. You can offer a copy of the key to them. You can also easily replace the lock with old one when you vacate, and you can replace it with old one if they landlord wants you to immediately. It's worth a shot to try and reason with the landlord first and give them a heads up on this roommate. Not OP, but this isn’t covered in the landlord FAQ Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.