 (United States) My family recently moved to a large city. We got plugged in to our family there. They had invited us numerous times to stay with them on the way to driving to other states. I am a college student pursuing a career in music and film. Per usual, I'm dirt poor, and I depend on my parents for help because college is expensive. When we finally arrived to the city, my new extended family seemed really welcoming. The "Head Couple" per say lives in a huge house and constantly has family gatherings there. During one of these gatherings the head of the household, (Well call him Rick) sees my old phone. "You still have that piece of shit?" he says. I owned an old iPhone 5, and it was on its last leg. "Yeah" I said. His wife then looks over at me and says, "\[My name\], what would be more useful to you for college? A new iPhone or a new iPad?" I said, "A new phone. Hands down. My phone barely even functions." Rick then turns to me and tells me to grab a box from the back of his truck. Inside the box were (I kid you not) around 40 brand new iPhone 8's just sitting there. He tells me to grab one and that I can have it as a college gift. I am bewildered and accept. He then tells me that I can be put on his company plan, and that I can have access to unlimited data that feasibly could never slow down. (I could use over 3,000 gigs and I still wouldn't even come close to it slowing down. Thats how fucking rich the dude is) and I gleefully said thank you and accepted it. The phone has been wonderful. It has allowed me to easily do my college work and schedule things throughout the day. that said, a phone also holds peoples most private information. Which is the part I'm worried about. My dad told me he needed to see me for lunch to discuss some things with the family. I said okay, and we grabbed some food. He told me that Rick's sister in law let my mom and dad know about some really bad stuff about Ricks business. Apparently Rick's business is setting up "Corporations" made up of individual people, using their Social Security number, credit card info, etc. to avoid bank fees for overdrafts (I think) My dad explained it to me, and corporations only get so many times they can overdraft before the bank's detection systems alert bankers. This would put the business in jeopardy as they could lose their loans or lose their right to distribute their product in the US. So Rick is essentially using this to circumvent the banking system. So question #1 - is this legal? Many of his businesses are international and online. And he simply helps these International businesses form new corporations. Another thing is, (This is what scares me) is that Rick was raided by the Feds multiple times under the warrant that he may be in possession or may be helping those possess child pornography. Rick claimed to the Feds that he did not know, and he was not fully investigated. That means the companies that he was contracting for were creating child porn and he was helping them avoid bank fees. I don't want to be connected to this. But the fact is, I don't know how much information that Rick has on me. My credit card companies app is on my phone. My school info is on my phone (Email, account) and my mom texted me my social security number one time (Which I was pissed about) Another thing that scares me is that Rick recently asked my Brother in Law if I was a "Homosexual" I recently came out as Bi to my girlfriend (Who also is Bi). I texted her about it multiple times and theres no way anyone could know in my family. I have so many questions. I have no idea why he randomly asked this. The only feasible one is that he has been reading my texts. can he read my texts? Can he see my SS Number? Can he see my internet search history on a google app? Can he exploit my SS number as a form of identification without me knowing? Also, probably most importantly Under the circumstance that he is investigated again, if he exploited my SS number, am I legally accountable for what his business does? (Due to the fact that I would technically be an employee under the parent corporation) Because if he is, that means I am connected to his business. (Which I don't even know is legal or not) Honestly I'm scared shitless. Im typing this on my computer (Which I haven't synced with my phone) Because I don't want him knowing that I'm typing this. Please don't assume anything about what I said to answer this question. I will be checking this regularly so I can clarify. Thank you! [removed] Okay. Then maybe this doesn’t apply to you then. OP is American though so it applies to him. I’m not American If you’re an American and haven’t frozen your credit accounts then yes. You should freeze them. Chances are your information is already out there. Then we should all freeze all our credit right now, everyone on earth. Because according to you it’s too late when it finally happens so why not do it today /s Once you wait for an indication of a data breach it's usually too late. You should freeze your accounts too. The equifax data breach effected around 150 million people in America.  There is absolutely no indication of a data breach beyond the guy thinking OP is gay You should have had your accounts frozen since the equifax data breach. It's just good advice. I'm not sure why you are trying to make it sound like it's implausible to have you ID stolen. Your comment doesn't help anyone. Because criminal millionaires usually try to take out loans in the names of poor musician college students because they usually get approval for millions in debt /s Have you ever entered your ss# on the phone? School, FAFSA, DMV? If so, assume he has it.  Freeze your accounts too Money laundering is what sticks out to me. He may or may not be involved with people who can hack phones easily, even after it’s in your possession. But there are a few simple things you can do to see common ways ppl access your information Check your logged in Apple ID, does it say only your device is on it, or is it linked to another device you don’t recognize Do you frequently get logged out of apps? Some apps such as Snapchat make you log in whenever you have logged on from another device. Does your battery life run down extremely fast? iMessage can be hard to track vs sms messages, so use iMessage instead of just texting other iPhones. Check under settings what apps are downloaded Two factor authenticate all apps and download an app such as duo mobile to randomize codes to log in and set up everything can. Consistency rotate passwords. Write it in a journal, each password being different. Make sure your email is secure. Most apps link to an email to recover and change passwords to get access Do you ever notice your phone lagging, running out of power quickly, or issues with WiFi or Bluetooth? Because what I’ve said is just ways to prevent someone who has never physically possessed your phone m, to get into it. Once it’s been in someone else’s possession, you never know. Don’t destroy the phone. Get a burner phone instead. if Rick asks where your phone is, say it broke but you have a friend who said when he’s in town from college soon he will fix it, say that he’s really good with technology or some bs and see what rick does. Turn off your location tracking on the phone, and also on google (yeah it’ll track your searches and location) Use the burner phone until the investigation is over, at that point you can decide if you feel comfortable perhaps taking it to an Apple store and expressing your concerns and seeing if they can wipe it or if they recommend different action. Make sure your photos aren’t uploading to the cloud or photo stream. That’s what my major concern would be, you unknowingly sharing pictures to him. Don’t text private information and try not to send out your location. Do you notice anything funny when you make phone calls? I really don’t feel like he would provide you with a phone to try and listen to your conversations or deeply monitor texts (you never know) but my worries would be your pictures and gps location. If police or fbi contact you about anything don’t speak until you have an attorney.  Drug lords and mafia dons have million-dollar houses too. Just because people are being scammed into paying for a service doesn't mean the service itself is legitimate.  I would not follow this advice Contrary to the post above, I would NOT destroy the phone under the pretense that you now suspect it's associated with a crime and want to be rid of it. That may be a crime of itself. Stop using it, turn it off, and talk to a lawyer. Sounds more like bank fraud to me, but it could be D) All of the above. Check your credit report for anything you don't recognize.  Well family is family. Either you tolerate it or you don’t though so you got some hard choice to make then is what I’m saying. Now I would never go to their property for any reason ever again. Don’t engage with them. If your family knows that tell them your reasons if they ask for them. Otherwise, just don’t go around them. Be a big boy and make one decision or another. Yeah, its just that theres not a ton of family here and everyone is somehow connected to him. Ive never been so scared Its legitimate. His multi-million dollar house says it is I don't know, I have no clue I mean if you think ricks going to hurt you toss the phone in the trash and say you lost it. Or smash it. Or give it away. Off his plan. Sell the phone for money for a new phone. Don’t talk to him don’t use that phone or number. Assume he knows everything you’ve ever done on your phone. If he’s dealing with aketch folks, who knows what kind of shot they can hack into an iPhone. Just thinking out loud for you. Sell or ditch the phone, don’t talk to them, don’t associate, and if they call you, play stupider than stupidest person you ever met. Pretend you’re on drugs or something if they start asking questions about it on the phone. If any threats come your way contact the police immediately.  Wipe the phone clean and return it to him or trash it. Usually people don’t drive around with 40 iPhones in their car - that should’ve been the first red flag. Don’t associate with these sketchy people 