 My friend who does not wish to sign up for Reddit got into a fight today with an 18 year old student at school. He repeatedly followed her around campus and called her homophobic slurs, as she is lesbian, and, possibly joking, taunted her by saying she was lucky to be female. This continued for an extended amount of time before she finally snapped and attempted to tackle him. The other student proceeded to throw her into walls and desks around the classroom and pinned her to the floor, leaving her with large amounts of bruises before security arrived and grabbed control of him. My friend has received a reduced suspension of 2 days for having good behavior prior to the fight and the status of the other student is not known. It is hard to determine what punishment he received, as he is a student that has displayed poor performance and behavior on many occasions. Her parents are infuriated and are considering taking legal action against the student on account of assault/battery. The problem here is that she is the one who initiated the fight and she is concerned about whether or not this situation is severe enough to bring to court. She is also concerned about being tried as an adult, as she is 16, because of the "once an adult, always an adult" policy in California. Neither of us are largely informed on state or federal court policies. I have come to this subreddit on her and her family's behalf for advice on what to do in this situation. Any input is appreciated and I will try to answer questions. I just asked her and she said she received bruising on multiple body parts but she does not have any medical costs regarding to the incident. She does have underlying medical issues, such as asthma and pcos, but those are not relevant to the incident and therefore cannot help her establish a case. I will notify her about this and I will try to provide her further explanation if necessary. Thank you for answering the question. Does she even have medical costs that need to be compensated? Otherwise there isn’t a civil suit at all. In any event there is 0 chance this is in federal court, it would be in state court. She could argue that he unreasonably escalated after she attacked him, but again, no actual costs means no viable suit. Criminal charges would be brought by the state, but given the nature of what happened it’s hard to see a prosecutor wanting anything to do with it.