 Would the child be a US citizen because I am? Should it be born in Russia? Should I try to get her a visa before it's born? Should I marry her as fast as I can and try to begin the process for a spouse visa? I would like her to have citizenship as quickly as possible. She has a degree in Chinese and english as well. If you lived in the US for the required number of years before you went to China, then your child will automatically be a "natural born" US citizen, once you fill out the form for reporting a foreign birth... if you're married at the time of birth. If you're not married at time of birth, it's a different set of circumstances. The State Department will want some sort of incontestable "evidence" that you are the father, have you sign stuff promising to support the child until the age of 18. You've helped me an insanely large amount and all I can do is say thanks for your time! Yes and yes. I will do this as soon as the child is born, I was just concerned because we don't live in either Russia or the USA so our marriage would be in hong kong, and I am not sure if that is valid for trying g to get a spouse visa. Thank you so much! I have a few follow up questions, if we are married din Hong Kong would that be considered valid for the Visa? Also if she and I move to the USA after obtaining the CR-1 visa, would she be able to get health insurance even without citizenship because she would be a resident? Yep, CRBA will handle the baby. OP should contact the closest consulate after the child is born to begin the process of documenting US citizenship. It doesn't technically have to be done immediately, but better to get it out of the way early. Child is US Citizen by birth. For her the process with take a few years. If you marry her and plan to return with her and the child to the US use can file for a CR-1 VISA VIA DCF (Direct Consular Filing) at the nearest US Embassy. That process should take less than a year. Once here she'll get a Greencard and after 3 years as your spouse she can file for naturalization. Google "Visa Journey" for more details.