 This is no longer an issue pertaining to myself, but one that still remains an issue for the students of the high school that I graduated from. Back during the time I spent there, the "dress code" listed on the school forces male students to not have hair that touches the collar of a polo shirt when combed (Female hair length is not limited). I had spend more time in In-school suspension or directly suspended from the school than in actual classes during the time I spent there because I believed it to be my right to have my hair how I pleased - this lead to direct issues with my graduation which eventually lead to myself not receiving credit for the second half of my 10th grade year, which I made up during the second half of my senior year. Up until I switched out of that school and onto an online program, I had always just thought students simply had no rights, but after reading up on gender equity laws, I'm starting to think else-wise. I'm in no position to pursue legal action against the school for this, but I do fear for the future students who still have to abide by these directly sexist rules. I'm planning on writing the school's staff in hopes of getting the policy changed, what direct laws can I sight in said email? Texas has ruled that hair length is "unprotected expression," outside of religious purposes and other narrowly-defined expressions, which the links you posted state can be regulated by the school. Unless the student has a good, protected reason for the hair length, the school is free to regulate the acceptable length of it. Actually, that article works perfectly for me to be able to bring a civil case. []() []() This seems to state that limitations to expression are limited to things that would directly disrupt the material, and male hair length also doesn't disrupt the matieral (Else the school would have to limit female hair length as well). Unless you have a specific religious/spiritual belief involving your hair, yes. And even those have involved lengthy court battles. As if Texas couldn't get any more stupid... Yes, Texas public schools can regulate hair length, unless it's a First-Amendment-protected expression (like for religion). "I want to have long hair," is not protected First-Amendment expression, Texas has ruled. [\_dress\_and\_appearance.aspx]() Here's a case supporting that: []() Read the title Public or private school?