 I currently live in an apartment within a very large complex in Lincoln, Nebraska. For the last week or so there has been an incredibly loud beeping sound in the common area of the apartment building. It’s coming from the fire alarm system in the main hall. I’ve called the leasing office every time and their response is “We’ll see if we can get maintenance out there.” It’s to the point where I can’t stand spending time in my own home because of the incessant chirping (it’s literally every 8 seconds) that I can hear in my apartment. Is there anything I can do or say to encourage the apartment managers to move a little more swiftly and take care of the noise? The fire marshall would be interested. Which makes it serious. My building's laundry room caught on fire and the gas lines were right behind the wall where the flames were. Smoke POURED into the stairwells and 110 condo residents in a 12 story highrise had to escape down the emergency exits, including some elderly people. So yeah, from my experience, I'd call the fire department. Do you know any other residents? Spam call the office multiple times a day and get others to as well. Good idea! And I knew you weren’t implying to call 911 ;) 100% not a low battery. This panel isn’t battery operated. Oh, sorry if my post wasn’t clear. It’s not the smoke detector. It’s a main panel that all of the building’s fire alarms are connected to. [This is it](). It’s definitely not a low battery. It’s a low battery Let’s be reasonable. The chirping from the fire alarm is due to a low battery. You can go to the office and tell them that the fire alarm is constantly chirping due to a low battery, and you’ve asked multiple times for them to fix it. Offer to borrow a stepladder and a 9v battery and change the damn thing yourself. Be kind, and they’ll probably apologize and actually get maintenance to do it. If that doesn’t work, Typically smoke detectors use 1 or 2 9v batteries. You can buy these for $6 at Walmart. Problem solved You could call the fire department and ask them if a beeping fire alarm is dangerous. If it beeps, it means something is wrong. Beeping fire alarms are not good.