 Obligatory , I'm on mobile so sorry for formatting. I currently live in Kentucky, as well as born here. From 2009 through 2014 I served in the United States Marine Corps. Today I received an email from my employer that the state had notified him that I owed over $1000 in unpaid state taxes for 2014 and that they were starting a garnishment. I was stationed in California from 2009 through most of 2014. I returned to Kentucky in late October of 2014. I'm currently trying to regain access to Marine Online to print of my contract and duty station to show that I wasn't even in Ky for most of the year. However, I do not know if that would be enough. Would I need other paper work as well? I attempted to call today and discuss this with the state revenue office but they were closed. I'm going to call first thing in the morning tomorrow though. But I also do not know if they will view this as some kind of clerical error or if I would have to hire a tax lawyer and fight this. I wasn't employeed for any of 2014 while living in Kentucky. I did file for unemployment in January of 2015 but that shouldn't have an impact for 2014 taxes. I also dont understand why, five years later, I have to go through this. I'm confused, extremely worried about my finances, and honestly, other than calling in the morning, have no idea what to do or what kind of paper work I will need. Thank you very much. It's a shitty situation but things could be worse. I appreciate your response. I guess I'll see what they have to say tomorrow! I'm sorry, the e-mail, I'm guessing that since you moved any letters sent were returned so in there mind your ignoring them as such you've basically accepted responsibility and they are at the point where there garnishing your wages. Think your past the point of no return as far as the irs is concerned. I didn't receive a letter. I recently moved, like last month and the notification my employer received had my old address listed. I also didn't get any kind of severance or anything else after discharge. Other than about a year later when I used the G.I. bill. An accountant would be a better place to start, not a lawyer Did you get a severance check upon discharge?that could cause back taxes. The letter the irs sent you should tell you exactly what the issue is and why you owe the money and what to do if you disagree. Don't even think about a lawyer. You'll spend more there than just paying the bill.