 I had a REALLY heavy dry bar (\~500-600lbs) that was part of a move from our house to an apartment. The granite top (\~200lbs) was destroyed in the move and costs $1000 to replace. The moving company is only willing to pay $180 because that's all that we were "entitled to" with the insurance we had through the moving company. Here are some reasons why I think we may be an exception and be legally entitled to more: 1) I told the movers that the granite top came off and that they should move them separately. I was busy packing the rest of the house and didn't watch them pack it, but as I later found out, they had wrapped it all together as one 550lb item instead of one 200lb item and one 350lb item. If the movers had wrapped them separately like I had asked, none of this would have happened. 2) The drop happened when they were unloading on a ramp that didn't have hooks attached to the truck. It was raining that day so it was extra slippery, and the combined weight of two movers and 550lbs of a bar caused the ramp to bow in the middle, making the ramp slip off the truck while they were on it (which caused them to drop the bar). I'm not sure if [this OSHA regulation]() applies because it's not construction, but if either of the movers had been under a 500lb bar falling on them, they could have been seriously injured. If the truck ramp had hooks or was attached to the truck, none of this would have happened. 3) I declined insurance in part because the mover said he had no prior incidents. If he had had any prior incidents (he may not, but just another avenue to explore), I could make a case that I would have purchased the full insurance had I not been lied to about the risks. At this point, I've received a letter acknowledging and apologizing for the mistake, but only offering $180 as compensation. I had sent them a quote from home depot showing how much it would cost to replace (which is $1000). I'm preparing an email to send to them rejecting their $180 claim offer and urging them to settle for $1000 (though honestly anything above $750 would be worth it to save me the hassle and fees of small claims court or having a lawyer draft something professionally). Thank you for your time. Sorry! I didn't see your response. They only gave me the insurance terms conditions coverage at 5PM after they finished loading up everything. Before that, all I had on insurance was how much it cost and that it was full coverage.  Okay.. well you never answered my question as to if they provided you the federally regulated documents prior to the move that explain how valuation is handled or if you just failed to read them. If they failed to do so THAT is your legal leg to stand on, so I am trying to help you. No offense, but you and everyone else doesn't understand my point. The full terms and conditions should have been provided at the time I bought the insurance - not disclosed after packing the job and leaving at the starting point.  That's not necessarily accurate. PBO cartons (Packed by owner) can be paid for when a claim is issued IF the box has visible damage to the outside of the carton that was caused by how the carton was handled by the carrier. Part of the reason boxes you pack aren't covered automatically is because for all the moving company knows you could have packed bricks with your china and then tried to claim that your china is broken. The moving company cannot be held responsible for boxes that the owner packed poorly. Now if the box is damaged on the outside you MIGHT have a leg to stand on. However, if the only damage to the box is that it is crushed, and it is crushed because it wasn't packed completely full/solid they will deny that claim. Were you presented a written estimate prior to the move happening? If so that estimate should have stated the valuation coverage that was included in the estimate. Also we are by law required to have you sign a Bill of Lading that again agrees to what coverage you want before the move starts. We are legally required to give you a pamphlet prior to the move (usually given at the time of the in home estimate or when they provide you the estimate to review), this outlines all of the valuation policies and how it works. Depending on what type of move it is (Interstate vs Intrastate vs Local) and what state you are in determines what information the company has to give you prior to the move. If you are going to complain to the Attorney General please make sure that you actually read all of the documentation the company provided to you and ensure that they really didn't provide you legally required documents.... Unfortunately a lot of times we provide the documentation to the customer and they don't actually read it and then want to blame us when they don't get a claim paid how they had hoped. Best of luck to you!  File an insurance claim with your renters/home insurance company. My movers sold me insurance but didn't disclose until everything was loaded that anything I packed wasn't covered by the insurance. That would have been fine if they had disclosed this on the day that I purchased the insurance, so I could have mitigated my damages. I've filed complaints with Attorney General and transportation dept (can't remember which one.) It's not right that terms and conditions are withheld until everything is on the damn truck.  Also ...any moving company that states they've had no claims is full of crap. Even the best of the best have accidents.  Ok I work for a nationally known moving company... The reality of the situation is that you are unfortunately not the exception to the rule. You chose not to purchase additional insurance, therefore you are not owed anything additional. Sure the company could do a Goodwill gesture to you for their missteps but ultimately they aren't required to. It's just like car insurance or anything else...you only get what you are covered for. The company is required to give you notice of how valuation coverage works and I am guessing you signed a bill of lading stating that you agreed to the minimum liability coverage. If they failed to provide you coverage options you may have a leg to stand on, but if you signed that bill of lading and estimate with the minimum coverage there likely isn't anything you can do legally. If you really want to raise a stink you can reach out to their headquarters if they are affiliated with a major van line, or reach out to your local DOT or AMSA office. Good luck. Rats ☹️ Thanks for your input! Throwing a TV on the ground would likely mean they have to replace the TV regardless of your choice of insurance coverage. Regards to your instructions, they are professional movers and you are not. As such, a court would likely defer to the movers professional judgment as to how to best move a heavy/unique item.  Yeah, I understand that, I'm just trying to determine if either 1) or 2) above could count as "gross negligence" at all. Even if it's debatable and not an open / shut case, it could still be used for leverage to settle for a higher amount than 20% of what it's worth. If they intentionally threw a TV on the ground and broke it, surely THAT would constitute negligence. I said "the top comes off, and both parts are super heavy so you should pack them separately", and then they didn't and broke it, there at least was an intentional disregarding of what I said.  Yeah, I understand that it's federally regulated, I'm just trying to determine if either 1 or 2 may constitute enough negligence to at least TRY a legal argument or if "movers didn't follow directions" and "truck ramp had unsafe / not to code conditions" are just part of what the insurance was for. If you declined the additional insurance coverage, the moving company's liability is $0.60/pound, or $120 for a 200 lb damaged item. Absent gross negligence on the part of the moving company, I don't think you have a claim to the $1000 you are asking for. If you file a small claims court case against the moving company and lose, the moving company may ask the court for you to pay their cost of defending the case.  Sounds like you opted for the minimum insurance, which is 60 cents per pound. You are lucky this item is relatively heavy, so you will get a chunk of money for it. You have no case to be able to recover any more than that as you did not opt for the "full coverage" insurance.