 Okay. This a long story and if more details are wanted or needed i can provide more. My parents are manipulative and my mom in particular has lied to me about several things major things in order for things to go her way. In my family its just me and them. I have and older half brother but i only talk with him on birthdays. My adolescents weren’t easy and me and my family fought frequently. I went to a hospital late in nov for a crisis eval for depression, suicidal ideation, and had been put in the youth psychiatric in patient. Everyone parents were allowed to come every night. My mom didnt come until the fourth day i was there. Only to come and tell me that i had been kicked out of my high school and we needed to find another solution. She offered two really shitty solutions in which i stayed at home. One was s computer based high-school and the other was a school for high risk youth in the area. Which i was not. Then the other option is a therapeutic boarding school. Fast forward. I ended up picking the lesser of the two evils. And thought it wont be that bad getting away from my parents to finish high school. So im away. And its very very very strict. My parents dropped me off and i was promised a phone call in about a week. None of us have phones or computers and its just 12 girls in a house. I later learned it was an rtc. A residential treatment center. And again really strict. Im not going to explain the whole thing. But it was a rather dehumanizing experience. Another girl shit her self because she was denied a bathroom. We had to ask to go from floor to floor. Other things too. I have nightmares when i dream and flashbacks here and there. But i am not diagnosed because i have difficulties working with them after my therapist there proved distrustful. I spent a whole year there. It was a very difficult thing to get to. And i had the option to leave because i was already 18. But i needed my degree and the environment we were in we really couldn’t leave. So i held it out graduated high school. Got out of there less then a few weeks later, as scheduled. I come to find out my mother lied to me about being kicked out of public school and they had only asked for me not to return because it might have been better elsewhere. And they probably gave her the other recommendations. But i wasnt expelled i had still though been suspended for a week or sometime. Is there anything i can do against my mom i would have never gone id i had known i could have gone back to public school. There are many small accounts of ill treatment at the school such as we would rack lot as a volunteer we would do. We would rake as much as 5 hours per weekend. I got an xray for back pain in the winter and i had spondylosis.  If you were a legal and competent adult, then you could have left as soon as you realized you didn't like it. So still no claim against her. Plus the statute of limitations has certainly expired. It's 2 years for fraud in Illinois. But i was 18 when they sent me away. Probably shoulda mentioned   No. A parent can choose what school her child attends.