 I'm going to try and make this as clear and as short as I can. Back in July of 2018 I had a fracture on my fifth metacarpal of my right hand. It wasn't bad, I went to the hospital and got a splint, couldn't get X-rays or any kind of scan or see an orthopedic surgeon because it was the 4th. I visited my primary doctor the next day and he recommended I go to a surgeon, the surgeon said I didn't need him and he recommended I see a physical therapist. This is where everything starts. I visit the physical therapist he recommended but he wasn't in his office, but the guy that does the removable cast was. This guy was supposed to specialize in forming cast around hands specifically for my type of injury. Unbeknownst to me, he fitted me with the wrong cast. It was uncomfortable for a few hours after leaving the office but I went about my day, I had never had a broken bone before so I didn't know what to expect. I took the cast off because the pain became too much to handle. I called my surgeon and I explained what was going on. He asked for pictures of my hand and he asked me to come in ASAP right after seeing my pictures. He took x-rays and it turned out the cast completed breaking my hand and rotated my pinky. Without surgery my pinky would be 60-70% functional so I opted for surgery. I called the physical therapist the next day to explain what happened and that I ended up getting surgery because of his staffs negligence. He agreed to pay all of my medical bills and agreed to give me physical therapy for free. I visited him about 4 times for PT and never once signed in or signed a contract to agree to be seen by him for PT. His receptionist never once charged me a co-pay and stopped a new receptionist from charging me and told her, "we don't charge him, Dr.PhysTherapist pays for all his bills"well, turns out He neglected paying my surgery bill for months until I kept sending his receptionist emails reminding him to pay. Fast forward to today and I received a bill for $241.50 for his PT services, and that's after he billed my insurance for it. What can I do to recover these charges and have him get rid of the bill? I never agreed to receive a charge for his services. I'm in California.  If he agreed to the arrangement in writing, you can take him to small claims court and get him to fulfill the contract. Otherwise, this is going to require a visit to a malpractice lawyer. Fortunately, it sounds like a clear case based on the offending doctor’s reaction. My bet is that he will make it right as soon as he sees the demand letter on a lawyer’s letterhead.