  Hello [r/legaladvice](). I was advised to post here by an online forum. About 4 months ago I had found a lost credit card in the parking lot of Meijer. At first I thought it was some sort of prank, so I took photos of the front and back of the card and left it there. Because I wanted to see if it was an actual credit card and not a fake one I decided to open an Amazon account with the name on the card. I ordered something normal, so it wouldn't alert the credit card company. It was about $20 to check if the card was legit. I put my own address as the shipping address because I didn't think it would work and ordered it. I was surprised when it actually went though. About a week later I received it. The credit card was legit. So then I starting ordering tons of things I wanted and needed. I must have racked up $2000 on the card, buying things left and right. DVD cases? Buy them with this card. Blu-ray player? Buy it with this card. A movie I wanted to watch? Buy it. I did it very slowly and safely so it wouldn't alert the company, and tried to make the orders look normal. It was too good to be true, free money. But it was, sadly. When I tried to order a monitor I needed for my computer 2 days ago, the order didn't go though right. It appears the owner has freezed the card and stopped it. So what now? Will the owner be able to see the Amazon account I created? What will happen. I'm in Indiana. Bad boys, bad boys watcha gonna do? Watcha gonna do when they come for you? You should probably quit being dumb and start saving for a lawyer goodluck You used your address for the packages. But keep adding more info they can use to prove it was you lol I'm on VPN You’re an idiot and an ass hole. Why would your first thought be, “oh, a lost card, it must be a prank! Let me proceed to find out by doing illegal shit!” Even if by some stupid chance in hell that it was a “prank”, there was zero reason for you to test that RIDICULOUS theory. You are either extremely, painfully stupid or you are trolling everyone here. You deserve whatever is coming to you. Karma is a bitch and so are you.  You have a very naive concept of how secure your Reddit account is. Now, go away. You hold no further interest to me. but the police won't see my confession Explain.  Way to late for that. The only thing you need to do is to get an attorney and quit confessing to felonies on-line. Also, grow up and stop being stupid. So should I just burn all the things I got from Amazon and destroy all my computers? Felony Fraud. You can expect court in your future, and all the rest of the fun that comes with felonies. You know, like no student loans, Military Service, decent employment and you wont be able to vote. But the police can't find my confession so they'll never see it. Here's how I found her billing address it was simple: I googled the name on Google because I know you can dox people online with their names. I found a person with the same name in my city, and it worked. It's not that hard to find addresses with google Well, except that you just admitted to it online. So yeah, apart from the Amazon records, the shipping records, and your confession, those cops have nothing on you. Sleep easy, friend.   Even if the account is no more, Amazon still has the info you gave them! Even if you destroyed the items you bought, Amazon and the delivery service used still keep records of items shipped. 't prove I made the account Oh they definitely can... Unless you wanna risk perjury ;)  I'm on a VPN so the police can't track me. I bought NordVPN with the same credit card They don't have any proof. I've already deleted the Amazon account and deleted the photos of the credit card But I delete the Amazon account and destroy the items I got. They can't prove I made the account Destroying the evidence you have won't destroy the evidence Amazon has. Which is that the items were sent to your actual address, along with proof that the orders came from your ip address, which can be tied to your real name and the very same address to which all these items were delivered. What you need to do is stop posting about this all over the internet (which, Reddit also has your ip address so this post where you admit to theft and fraud can be traced back to you). Then, don't talk to the police or your friends or family or literally anyone else about it, and find an attorney for when they figure out it's you (which they will, because you've just cost someone a lot of money). Not true. The only need reasonable proof and they have more than enough OP, you are either trolling or have to be the dumbest person ever. As others are saying, you need a lawyer ASAP. Why? Because you have confessed to committing a number be of crimes. Even if you found it, if it isn't yours and you use it... That's a crime? What made you think it wasn't? Yeah the card was real but it was someone else's card, not yours. And it was apparent that you weren't authorized to use it. Also, you might wanna delete this post as well. Why? Cause this is evidence. But if you are troll, I hope you enjoyed the food.  If I got busted doing 50 over the speed limit can I fight it and say it was 2 over at first? I think it is a troll too. Billing address is required in order to use a credit card for online purchases. If the OP picked up the card and used it in person that would be more believable.  But they can't convict me of it if I destroy the items. There will be no proof. Anyone could have opened an Amazon account with that credit card and used my address Still illegal and means nothing Amazon keeps everything on file. Just because you delete an account doesn't mean all of the information is gone. Whatever you put on the Internet is there forever regardless of deletion. All it takes is a court order and amazon has to hand over your information.  Good plan.  It was $20 at first Your just trolling.... why would this matter. They still know you did it. Stop being dumb.  But what if I destroyed all the items I got from Amazon so there will be no proof there?  5th amendment. Lol this comment is great. Didn’t steal it just used 2000$ on it Then proceeded to spend 2000$ lol okkkkkay The items were paid for using a legal form of payment What I’m thinking guy is being dumb. No.  No.  But if I close my account Amazon won't have my address so there will be no proof. Yeah, you did. Just because you didn’t have the physical card doesn’t mean you didn’t steal it. You used the card to make fraudulent purchases. It’s called theft, plain and simple Yes they will. Amazon keeps records of everything. You need a lawyer and need to estimate exactly how much you’ve spent so you can pay restitution. They will find the information don’t think they won’t. Amazon keeps records of every card and purchase and they will give out the information when the police come for it as they are legally obligated too. Because you are about to be charged with a crime. Google “[your town] criminal defense lawyer”.  Isn't that illegal? Can't the police force me to speak I thought the credit card was a prank so I thought it didn't matter what address I used From the credit card provider amazon charged for your purchases.  I didn't steal the card I just took a picture of it. But if I close before the police ask them they won't have the address anymore you need to get familiar with the phrase “I am not answering any questions without my lawyer“.  Because the credit card company can work with Amazon to identify you, verify the orders, and confirm the address they were shipped to. Lol but amazon can, and they will give it to them. What do you not get? You knowingly stole that card. Instead of contacting the credit card company to report it, you selfishly and foolishly used the card for your own benefit. I hope that the owner’s credit card fraud division catches up with you and that you are prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Karma dude, it’s coming for you.  You look them up and call them. You may need one because you committed crimes. But I can close my Amazon account so the police can't find it Good thing you're not too smart and shipped everything to your own house. You're definitely gonna need a lawyer. Hopefully nobody will take the case cuz you're a POS though.  Uhh they will go to amazon and get it from them? Are you dumb? Wait your post answered that How will the police find my Amazon account? This has got to be a troll.  This Shipping to your actual address thanks for being a dumb scum bag. Makes it easier for the police to find you. How can I get a lawyer? Why do I need one  Have fun getting convicted of fraud. Get a lawyer. 