 I live in Wisconsin. I got my oil changed at one of those 20 minute change places, Dec 3. On Dec 17 my car began making a horrible noise as I was driving to work. I managed to get off the highway, and checked out the engine, and found there was no oil in the car at all. I added some oil, hoping that i would at least be able to make it home, and managed to make it to a parking lot in my hometown. I called the oil change place, and was sent to their district manager, who sent the store manager to take a look. My car was towed to a mechanic on Dec 18, and the mechanic called me on Dec 19 to let me know the engine was seized and needed to be replaced, and that trying to turn it over while seized had drained the battery. I sent the inspection report from the mechanic to the district manager for the oil change place, and he worked with the owner, and ultimately decided a claim would be filed with their insurance. I called the insurance on Dec 21, and was told that the claim had not been filed, and they allowed me to file it with them myself, and I faxed the investigation report from the mechanic to the insurance company. An adjuster was assigned, and I was transferred to her phone, but there was no response from her, which I understood since this was the Friday before Christmas, and almost the end of business. I had to rent a car on Dec 23, and did not hear from anyone until Dec 26, when I had to call the corporate office for the insurance company myself, since I had gotten no calls by almost the end of business. I then got a call from an adjuster, who stated that the claim had just been filed on Dec 26, and not on Dec 21 when I had done it myself. He was very rude, and kept talking over me, and insisting that running out of oil was common, and that it was my responsibility to check the work of the oil change place. I let him know I did not appreciate his rudeness, or being told that the whole situation was my own fault, and he hung up on me. Another adjuster called shortly after and was very nice, said she was looking into everything, and advised me she would call me by the next morning. Dec 27 I called this new adjuster, and did not reach her, and left a message that I would like an update. On Dec 28, I called again, got no response, and called the insurance company, and asked for a supervisor. The supervisor called me back after a couple of hours, and informed me that the adjusters had to investigate, and that he could make no promises. I let him know I had no problem with that, but since I was due to return the rental car the next day, and did not have enough money to extend the rental, I really needed at least an update on what was happening. As soon as I was done with this call, the first adjuster called me again, was again very rude, kept speaking over me, insisting that I needed to calm down because there are other people with more important claims out there, and telling me once again that the issue was my fault. He then hung up on me again. After all of this, the second adjuster called me at the end of business the same day (Dec 28) and informed me that the insurance company would be paying to replace my engine, with one with similar miles, and they would be paying for my rental. Now, it is January 12, I still don't have my own car, I am still driving a rental that is so small that I am starting to injure my back climbing in and out of it, the mechanic can't get hold of the insurance adjuster, and has been trying since Dec 29, nor can I reach anyone, and calls to the corporate office are sent to voicemail as well. I am worried they will wait long enough that it will be cheaper for them to total my car out, which will leave me with no vehicle, and no money to put down on a new one. Are they acting in bad faith? I have been keeping track of everything so far, but I am not sure what my next step should be. It's kindof a moot point what happens with it once the engine has already shut down for lack of oil. In fact, even if it hadn't and I found that I had no oil after 12 days, I'd want a new engine. The damage was done. Ahh missing drain plug gasket, negligence pure and simple. Ok, I’m not sure why you are hanging on to this, but the check engine light nor the oil light went on. Since checking the oil was the easiest thing for me to access while on the side of the road, that is what I did, and discovered there was no oil in my car. That would be when I put the oil in, which I was lucky to have in my car. This is not a question of if it is the fault of the oil change place, the claim has been filed, the oil change place admitted fault, and the insurance company they are contracted with has agreed to pay. This is a question of what I should do next since the insurance company, after agreeing to pay, has gone silent and unreachable. From your post: Sounds like you drove more than 30 seconds.  Thank you that is very helpful, I will reach out to them on Monday! Oil light did not come on until the car shut down and the engine seized. And making sure the gasket that seals the cap is there is part of the oil change.  Obligatory oil comment. How long did you keep driving after the oil light came on? If the answer is more than 30 seconds, this is your fault.  I have spoken with them, their coverage only covers accidents and weather related damage. So if I had hit something while getting off the highway then they’d cover it, but since I made it safely... not so much.  If you've got full coverage on it, call your insurance company. Comprehensive insurance will cover something like this, and they'll deal with the oil place and their insurance company. You'll have to pony up your deductible, but it's worth it to avoid these headaches and hassles. Answering on behalf of claims adjuster fiancé: he says oil change places mess up all the time, though of course this doesn’t prove fault in this instance, but it sounds like the insurance company is accepting the claim, although dragging their feet. There’s something called a Department of Insurance (or Bureau, depends on state), you can contact them and file a complaint against the insurance company. They’re supposed to get back to you within 24 hour in California, not sure how long in Wisconsin. The Department/Bureau will advocate on your behalf with issues in the claim.  Oops should have added that, the inspection report from the mechanic states that the gasket that seals the oil cap on the underside of the car was missing. Part of the oil change, per their receipts, website description, and advertising says they inspect everything to make sure it is done right. There were no issues before this, and the mechanic says they would have had to either take it off or break it and not replace it for it to be missing due to the way it attaches. Since I can’t fit under my car, and religiously get the oil changed at the same place every time, on time, someone there made a mistake or missed a step. Why do you suspect this was the fault of the oil change place? 