 Hi there, I'll keep this short. Have read through the rules and will try to keep this as anonymous as possible. I've been subleasing a room from the lease-holder (let's call her LH) of this property for several months. LH recently kicked out my other roommate (RM1). LH did not return RM1's entire bond and made RM1 pay two extra weeks of rent that RM1 did now owe - so RM1 lost 4 weeks rent money. The excuse given was "RM1 could not give me 21 days notice," when it was LH who kicked RM1 out and gave her 15 days to vacate. Bond was not lodged legally, no inspection was carried out with both parties. At the same time, LH threatened me with eviction, too. She then found a new roommate for the room, RM2. She wrote an extensive, 6 page list of rules that we had to follow, including rules that I had never agreed to before and were extremely detailed. I noticed that the longer I stayed there, the more detailed these rules became, until LH finally wrote them in this document. LH was also not subject to these rules. For example, we have to ask LH for permission for guests to come over, LH can refuse with her discretion, and guests can stay one night (this one is fair, IF it applied to all of us). However, LH's family and partner would come over several days a week, LH's boyfriend had a key to the house (neither RM1 nor I agreed to this being both women and we felt unsafe/monitored whenever he came over unannounced and stayed in the room). RM2 gave notice the same day the rules were sent to us, and I gave notice soon after. I found out today that she has returned RM2's bond minus $100 for an 'ink stain on the sheets.' Bond was not lodged, there was no inspection done with both parties present, and bond release forms were not signed with RM2's departure. RM2 is okay to lose $100 as she just doesn't want to deal with this nightmare anymore. I have already found a place and can leave one week early, which I want to do as I don't feel safe in the property - LH has repeatedly entered my room without my permission and moved things, locked my windows etc, her family members are frequently over without any notice whatsoever, her partner may still have a key to the house, she has acted aggressively towards me multiple times. At this stage I just have one week's worth of rent to pay. I have offered to leave a week early as LH has found a new tenant, and have asked to carry out an inspection with both parties present. I have asked if she has lodged bond and will bring the forms for bond release to the inspection. Is this the best way to proceed? I have very good reason to believe my bond will not be returned, which was two week's bond. I believe LH has been taking advantage of multiple tenants in this way, whom all tend to be internationals or students who are unaware of their rights, stealing lots of people's money. tl;dr: I'm in Australia. have very good reason to believe person I am subleasing from will not return my bond money as they have withheld multiple people's bond money illegally and has never lodged anyone's bond nor carried out proper inspections/given invoices/quotes for damages. I have 1 week left of rent and can leave a week early. What is the best way to approach this situation? I would like to take legal action as this person has basically stolen money from multiple people wrongfully already, all being internationals or students with little access to legal help. I also no longer feel safe and want to leave as soon as possible. Thank you for reading!