 My mother was appointed executor in my grandmother's will. She accepted the appointment and retained a lawyer to help her, After getting into the finances, there is no money to pay the debts or even pay the utility bills on the house, the house and furnishings are the only positive asset. There are debts to several creditors and a car with a lien on it. The lawyer assisted my mother in getting paperwork to surrender the car, but the finance company will not provide instructions on how to surrender it, or return any of the calls that have been placed multiple times since Christmas. There is no money in the accounts to pay utilities, or anything. When she asked the attorney what to do, he just told her not to co-mingle funds, but suggested that she should ask one of the other heirs to pay it. The attorney did send out letters to all that were mentioned in the will and to all known debtors, but now that collection letters are starting to come in, my mother is not sure what to do. The attorney says to not worry about them unless they send a claim. So my first question.. can an executor resign the appointment after accepting it? The stress and worry are causing health problems and lack of sleep for my mother(who was already not in very good health) I suggested that she decline the in the first place because of her health but she did not, and now she is asking if it is even a possibility to let them appoint someone else to do it. The house needs to be sold but one of the heirs is living in it and has no money to even pay bills. I feel like they need to be evicted properly so that the house can be cleaned out and sold to settle the debts that are claimed against the estate. Or should the house just be listed as is and let a realtor try to sell it with the person living in it.  What I was thinking is that if there are valid claims against the estate, and the only asset is the house, it would have to be sold to satisfy those claims. I don't know if OK law requires or prohibits that, or if the presence of tenants affects that at all. I agree, although you can legally sell a house with a tenant, nobody wants a tenant that doesn't pay rent and that they will have to evict themselves.  Thanks for your comment. It's not insolvent as the house was paid off, just no liquid assets to pay any bills or debts. I appreciate your input. It's good to know that she could still renounce and let the court appointed to someone. I think I may have to start going with my mother to speak with the lawyer if she's going to continue this. If debts exceed assets, an estate can be declared insolvent, basically bankruptcy. State federal law govern the order in which creditors are paid— the IRS usually comes first. Oklahoma does allow an executor to renounce the job. That’s stuff to talk to the lawyer about.  IANAL. You and your mother need to discuss this with her lawyer, who'll be much more familiar with the situation and able to provide better advice than you'll get here. In my opinion, you need to evict the heir living in the house and sell it to satisfy the debts against the estate. I don't know if there are any extenuating circumstances or quirks of OK law that would impact that. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.