 I’m in the U.K. There’s this money laundering thing happening in my town I don’t have much information my mum told me what he has done... He heard about it from a friend who did it, I don’t quite understand it myself but here’s the gist of it, You meet with someone who gives you 1500 in “foreign exchange money”, you then deposit that into your bank, i assume it exchanges it to our currency (GBP) and you withdraw that in cash, that’s just my assumption, you then keep £500 and then the person who gave you the 1500 gets £1000, your bank account is then frozen and you can no longer use it, apparently the money is “government money” (I’m going off what my mum has told me), your bank is then under investigation... My question is. What happens when the bank figure out what’s happening? I assume it’s a serious offence and there’s potential jail time? Any info you could give it greatly appreciated. He’s a dumb 22 year old who just lost his job and he got desperate. I know of 5 total people who’ve done this (including my brother), I first heard about it last year but didn’t think much of it until he got involved and now I’m worried about the consequences of his stupid actions. Is this even money laundering? I really don’t understand the whole thing tbh.  Thanks for the info, I’ll be having words with him and will show him this post.  r/scams  Nothing follows. Your brother was given a bad check. The bank made the funds available (using the banks money) for your brother to use with the assumption the check was good. The bank learned the check was bad, but your brother had already withdrawn the money (which was the banks money) and used it. Your brother is responsible for paying this money back. It sucks, but it’s one of the most common scams out there. Without proof, there isn’t anyone to pursue for fraud.  Jail  How does that work, he just goes to the bank and gives them £1500? What follows? It's a very common scam. The check is bad, but the bank allows funds to be available. Person gives cash to criminal, who disappears. Bank figures out check was bad, now bank account is drained. It's not "government money". It's your brother's money, which he took from the bank. Now he owes that money back to the bank. It's best if he can pay it back ASAP.