 Troll. Removed.  I looked up “I’m always accused of being a troll”. Because I am. It’s frustrating because I have no malicious intent like all of you neurological folk think I do. You’re all paranoid or something when someone is a bit different than you. It’s frustrating when I’m trying to have a conversation and I get made fun of. It’s really not fun being accused of things like that when all you’re trying to do is ask questions. Well you found that suspiciously quick lol. It's not that I disagree with you, there's nothing to disagree with. I just believe you know credit card fraud is illegal and that you can't have someone thrown in jail because you don't like them. I'm fully willing to entertain the idea that you're actually a teenager who has some mental health issues, wants a ferret and hates their mom. But you're making these posts because you're bored and want to annoy people. That makes you a troll.  I just turned 17 Yes. Nothing you have described rises to the level of a crime where somebody could have their freedom taken away. How old are you?  I am not trolling. I am being myself online. I can come across as a troll but my aunt even told me today to not listen to people like you online who try to make me feel bad about myself. I’m different and that’s okay. Idk why you said thanks but you’re welcome I guess. Now stop with this nonsense. Well you are a troll. You should tell those doctors about what you're doing here. And my memory isn't bad, I'm getting old and my eyes are going to shit, thank you very much.  Unfortunately while this may qualify as poor parenting, you have not yet described a crime. Are annoying and overly emotional mothers common? If these were crimes, we would have to empty out a state and make it a penal colony for annoying mothers.  That was yesterday I asked. Your memory is really bad. I have doctors. I’m not a troll, thank you very much, I will try to take it as a compliment though. Is this the same mom whose credit card you wanted to steal 20 days ago? Maybe you should look into counseling instead of pet ownership, theft, imprisonment of family members, and trolling reddit.  She purposely triggers my sensory issues and if I get anxiety she calls me dramatic and she also sometimes says I’m a narcissist too if I talk about myself or because “I’m always right” No. Well she has to commit a crime to be thrown in jail, so can you provide some specific examples? While bad, gaslighting, manipulation, and making you feel badly about yourself is not automatically a crime.