 I'm in Colorado. So, on Thursday night (1/10), I parked in a private pay lot. I have parked here several times in the past and it's one of those lots where you park and pay with a mobile app. I go there about 7 p.m., parked and then paid with the app and went about my business. I got back to the lot at about 10 p.m. and noticed that my car was gone. It had been towed. Turns out that where I had parked was in a group of about 6 spots against a wall that were reserved in the lot. There were signs stating this on the wall, but it was dark at 7 p.m., and the signs were small and not well-lit. Nonetheless, I was parked in a reserved spot. I went to the tow lot to get my car out, and was charged $304. This seemed very pricey but it is what it is, I supposed. Just now (Saturday 1/12) I went to go eat at a place a couple miles away from my apartment. I come out of the restaurant and I have a ticket on my car. Not a municipal ticket, but a ticket issued from the owner of the private lot I had parked in Thursday (and been towed from). The ticket is for $130. That's right, the owner of the private lot I had parked in towed my car, then two days later found it somehow and gave me a ticket on top of that. So, can they, a private company, really tow my car, then two days later issue me a ticket on top of that? I found these rules in Colorado relating to towing: [\_duOQ2V1NLV0l5Uk16Qnc/view](). Obviously I'm not a lawyer, but from what I do understand a few things seem fishy. The major thing is from section 6510 concerning maximum towing charges. My car is a little VW Golf hatchback, no way it's over 10,000 pounds, so the maximum towing rate should be $180 correct? I'm just wondering if I have any recourse to fight any of this. I put the $304 towing charge on a credit card, and am considering contesting it. I have not yet paid the $130 ticket I literally just received. I was also charged $6.20 for the regular parking fee through mobile app, which I want to contest because they provided nothing to met for that. I make decent money and I can afford all of this, but for many people this seems absolutely predatory. I want to fight this because, yeah I'm kind of ticked, but also seems like it just isn't right haha. Thanks all, any help would be appreciated. Do you think I'd have cause for recovering the tow fee in small claims court? Or at the very least, I could file a complaint with the city excise licensing? It's a bill, deceptively made up to look like a ticket  Is this an actual ticket or some kind of bill from the lot? If the latter, I don't believe they have the power to actually issue tickets, and can only compel payment if they successfully sue you. This was in Downtown Denver, yes. Are you in Denver by any chance? If so, you will want to look into city municipal code for additional towing/ticketing ordinances. For example, Denver doesn't allow private lots open for paid public use to tow vehicles.  Ah okay thanks. I think I need an itemized invoice from the company, which they didn't provide me when I picked up. You need to read your linked document more carefully. Maximum towing rates for PPI tows consist of up to four elements: a base rate for the tow; a mileage charge, including any applicable fuel surcharge; a charge for vehicle storage; and a charge for release from storage pursuant to paragraph 6511(f) if applicable. The maximum base rate for your VW is $180. Now you need to add on the mileage charges, vehicle storage costs, and a charge for release from storage. 