 This is in New Jersey. 3 years ago my grandmother had a stroke and went to live with my mother since she could no longer live alone (this is my moms EX mother in law). My grandmother told me I could live in the house and upkeep it and what not. I have been living here ever since, I pay all utilities and if something breaks or needs to be replaced, I take care of it. There is no mortgage (house is paid off) and my grandmother pays the taxes. In my grandmothers will it stipulates that me my mom and my sister are to get 1/3 of everything. Now my mother anytime I piss her off threatens to kick me out tells me she’s gonna sell the house. (She’s executor of the will). I’m tired of getting threatened by her and just need some piece of mind as I got married and now have an infant son and I’m afraid if I do or say the wrong thing I’ll end up having to move. This house means a lot to me as I grew up here with my grandparents and have a lot of memories here. 1. Does my mom have any right to kick me out while my grandmother is still alive? (My Mom is also power of attorney which is in effect since the stroke) 2. Once my grandma passes can my mom force me to sell? What if us 3 can’t come to an agreement with what to do with the property? (Ex: I wanna buy them out and they want to sell?) 3. If I could get my mom to let me keep the house while my grandmother is alive (no buy outs) would there be a way to have the deed transferred to me? Or would my grandmother still need to sign off on it? (She would probably say yes but does my mom have the final say since she’s POA?) 4. I want to speak with a lawyer for advice as well, what type of lawyer would I talk to? Long time lurker first time poster, hope I did this right!!  The answer really depends on whether there is anything in writing about you living in the house and also whether your grandmother is competent. If there is nothing in writing and your grandmother is not competent, yes, your mother can kick you out. You are essentially a tenant, and as a result, as long as your mother follows the law to remove you, she can do so. If the house goes to all three of you, and at least one person wants to sell it, you can either buy the person (or both people) out, or you will have to sell it. Unless you can afford to buy your aunt and your mother out, you should expect that you will have no choice but to sell the house when your grandmother passes away. Whether your mom can transfer the house to you depends on the POA and whether it provides your mother that level of authority. I do not see why she would transfer it to you though since if she did, she and your aunt would lose the right to inherit a portion of it when your grandmother passes away. I am also not sure that it would be legally appropriate for her to transfer it to you at the moment. As POA, her job is to look out for your grandmother. Giving her house away would not be looking out for her. Last, you need to keep in mind that when your grandmother passes away, if she has no money and she owes a lot due to her medical costs or because she is staying in a nursing home under certain government benefits, the house might have to be sold to pay that debt. You need to speak to an estate lawyer and potentially a real estate lawyer. Your Grandma granted the POA and can revoke it or restrict it any time she wants. She can override your mom at any time. You're really getting into more of a relationship issue here than a legal one. Thanks for the reply. Not the answers I wanted to hear but needed to! I guess I will just try and keep the peace with my mom and start putting money away just Incase.  Thank you for the reply! So she doesn’t have to tell my grandmother anything since she’s POA? My grandmother doesn’t know my moms threatened me at all and I think if it came down to it she wouldn’t want me to leave either. What if my grandma says she wants me to stay? Does it even matter since my mom has the POA over her?  1) Yes. You are a tenant on a month to month lease. Your mom is your landlord by virtue of the POA. She has to give you legal notice (usually 30 days) but she can kick you out. 2) Yes. If multiple people own real property, they need to agree on what to do with it. If they don't, the property gets sold and the proceeds split. 3) ? Not sure where you're going with this. Does Grandma want to give you the house? A POA does not have final authority. Grandma can do whatever she wants. 4) Not sure what you are looking to speak to a lawyer about? If you don't want to live under your mother's thumb, you can always get your own place. If your mother has a proper POA for your grandmother, then she can act on your grandmother's behalf and ask you to move out of the house or evict you. If you want to stay after your grandmother passes, you would have to buy your mother and sister out. Your mother could also transfer ownership of the house to you now using the POA. If your grandmother is of sound enough mind to revoke the POA, she could make her own decision on this as well. 