 A male I know - let’s call him D - (now 26) made some stupid decisions when he was 20-21 and had sexual relations with a 16-17 year old girl (he can’t remember if she said she was 16 or 17). The story goes, his friend (also 18+) invited two girls to their hotel room, and when they arrived, D realized they were underage. Obviously, he could have - and should have - just left then and there, but he’d been drinking. He didn’t tell me all the details, but he implied whatever sexual act(s) they did were completely consensual. Mind you, this all happened before I met him and he just confessed this to me recently. I do believe he’s changed and truly regrets it. I’m not entirely familiar with the law but I’m pretty sure that still classifies as rape, since she was underage. My question for this sub is - what can happen now? He’s paranoid and having anxiety attacks about it every day, thinking the police are going to come and haul him off to jail, despite not having spoken to the girl since that night. The whole #metoo trend has him freaking out. I told him that I doubt she would want to report him - or if she did, she would have done it already. And even if she did say something, wouldn’t they have trouble proving it since it was from so long ago? I kind of forced him to tell me  report him lol  For a guy that is worried about getting caught he sure does talk a lot.  Ok, the 15 year old was illegal.  Update... he just told me that he did ‘stuff’ with both girls. One was 16 and one was 15. Then it's not illegal.  I’m pretty sure it happened in Washington. Thanks for the info! Im pretty sure this happened in Washington. I’m surprised the age of consent is only 16. I guess he should stop worrying so much. I’m pretty sure I’m the only one he’s told as I’m his best friend. [removed] In Oregon that's sexual abuse in the second degree and charges can be pressed until she turns 22. In Washington if she reported it immediately there would be a 10 year window to prosecute, otherwise charges can be pressed 3 years from the date of abuse. If he was going to hear about it, he probably would have by now. But if for some reason they simply did not persue the case, they could potentially still do so should new information or new complaining witnesses come to light. It's very important he not talk about this and stay far away from underage girls.  Did this happen in WA or OR? Because 16 is legal in WA. 