 Hey guys, stupid guy here. Been messing with this girl recently who told me she has an IUD and can’t get pregnant. Recently we had unprotected sex yada yada yada after all is said and done she asked for plan b, which is odd but as a scared male I just went and bought it. She told me two days ago she thinks shes pregnant bc she feels sick (shes had 2 kids already) but now she refusing to discuss the topic or take a test, can I do anything? I don’t want a child. thanks. shrug Given their overall attitude, that's probably better than a father who's just going through the motions because people expect them to.  How is a 13 year old girl that kicks boys in the balls so hard they collapse, just to get some sort of rush out of it and to explore the opposite sex against their will, and through violence, by targeting their genitals, ANY fucking better than 13 year old boys, who grope girls, and put them in so much pain they fall to the floor, close to unconsciousness, convulsing, gagging, crying? HOW? Why do you normalize that, JUST because it happens in middle school? yikes, how pathetic. You’re right, I realize my mistake now. Thank youD LOL, nah...it does not work like that. should have worn a condom, champ. All birth control has a failure rate. With every single form of birth control you run the risk of a pregnancy and/or disease. Some methods have higher failure rates than others, but none are 100% safe and foolproof. Realize you are taking a risk each and every time so there's always the chance you'll find yourself having to deal with the results of that failure at some point. The only way to reduce your risk completely to zero is to not have sex at all. There are early detection pregnancy tests now. The First Response brand has one that can apparently be taken up to 6 days before expected period start date with reasonable accuracy. I bought a two-pack for $25 recently (haven’t used one yet, husband and I are trying to have a baby so I am keeping tests on hand). Yea thats what I figured. Either : Both didn’t work or shes lying about something. I also agree 10 days may be too short but I wouldn’t know, I’m not a girl. Shes had two babies and said she feels the same as she did then. She did admit it may be stress as well but I’d just like to clear my mind of all this but I can’t. Something like 1 in 1000 women with an IUD will get pregnant anyway. She could be that unlucky 1. And Plan B can fail too (I think about 5% of the time?). But yeah, it's very unlikely they both failed. She's probably either being paranoid because she feels sick by coincidence and really doesn't want another kid, or she was lying about having an IUD for some reason, or she's lying to you about feeling sick for some reason. I think time will tell. Also, if it's only been 10 days since you had sex, it might be too soon for a standard pregnancy test to be effective. That may be why she hasn't done it. I think it needs to be 10 days since a missed period. (Note: IUDs can stop periods or make them less frequent, so it might be "10 days from when she thinks she normally used to have her period".) She's pregnant till proven otherwise. She's pregnant till proven otherwise. Ok I did not know and IUD can fail but an IUD and Plan B should have me covered, or so I thought. I think it may be stress from her work being she works in retail and 4th of july is huge for retail. I don’t think she could get pregnant in the span of 10 days but who knows, I’m not a girl so I can’t say. I understand she has to do that on her own, I can’t force it, I’m just scared and she refusing all tests and I don’t know why. An IUD can fail for any number of reasons. It's rare, but it can happen. She might not be lying. That said, if she has an IUD, and took Plan B, that might have messed with her hormone levels causing her to feel sick. But you can't force her to take a pregnancy test or go to the doctor. Okay, I understand more now thank you. I thought waving custody removed everything, I guess its not that simple. I understand now it is also my fault for not being safer about everything. I had multiple chances to deny the advances, or do anything but I chose not too, thats on me. All I can do now is hope shes not actually pregnant. Thank you for the advice. I want absolutely nothing to do with this child, worst case just child support. Thank you for being so helpful and informative. Nothing. she brought it up three days ago, when she told me. She told me she would go to the doctor and be safe, and take a test that same night. I asked if she took the test, she said no she had to wait till payday (which was that same day). I asked her if shes taken the test, and nothing. She refuses to acknowledge it all now.  None of these factors affect your child's needs. Legal reasoning around child support and parental obligation laws starts from those needs, not from what the parents want or intend, and right now, we hold the kid's parents accountable for those needs. You had multiple opportunities not to fuck up your own life: you could have worn a condom, you could have said no, you could have waited until you had a relationship built on trust, and probably other steps you could have taken. Unfortunately, hindsight doesn't help you now. What you need is a plan. Here are the bones: You are generally not obligated to support the mother during her pregnancy even if you believe the child is yours. If she comes to you asking for money to pay for doctor's visits or an abortion, you're allowed to say "no," or allowed to insist on seeing a paternity test first. If and when your ex has a child, you should file for a paternity hearing through the courts before you pay for anything or sign anything. A paternity hearing will lead to a genetic test. If you are not the father, that will completely remove you from the picture in a very final way. If your ex has a child and you are the father, it's up to you and you alone how involved you want to be. You can choose to _only_ pay child support, if you want, or you can choose to be a parent. Both choices are equally valid. Contributing parenting time - anything up to 50% visitation is pretty achievable - will often reduce your child support payments, in return for being a larger direct burden on your time and finances. Kids are expensive, and there's no getting around that. If you expect your ex to be adversarial, to try to lock you out of your child's life, or to not cooperate with the courts, get a referral from your local bar association or law society to a family law attorney to help you navigate the process. What was the basis of her refusal? If she really has an IUD, she's probably aware that pregnnacy is dangerous for her and the fetus and needs to be addressed immediately. Good idea, thank you. I will block her on everything. Yes thats what I figured. She said shes on birth control (IUD) and I still purchased plan b to be extra safe because, well I’m scared. I don’t see how she could be pregnant but she knows her body so You can't make her take a test. You can't make her do anything else. I would stop dealing with this person. If she shows up with a kid in next winter and says it's yours, find a lawyer and don't say anything else. While it is actually very difficult to get pregnant, it still only takes once. You need to get verification as soon as you can. Unless you see her take the test (you've had sex with her, watching her yeah he the rest shouldn't be a problem) be cautious of those results as well. Thank you for being blunt about it. I understand its my fault for the decision I made, I just feel stupid now is all. I don’t want a kid, she said she doesn’t want a kid. but her refusal of taking tests is what scares me. I offered to buy her some, she refused.  Yes. If there's a child, the child needs support. What the mother did is irrelevant to that. % of right or something? Nope. Not unless she gets married and her spouse wishes to adopt. Then you should be more careful about who you have sex with, and your choice to have unprotected sex. I frankly wouldn't give her claims the time of day until she takes any steps toward confirming them. It's not completely crazy that she might wait to take an HPT until it's likely to show positive, though... . In my experience, testing too early is basically committing to buying 5 more tests. On that note, you can buy pregnancy tests from the dollar store. Be a pal and bring her one.  Yep. You're accountable for your actions. % of right or something? You can choose to waive your rights to custody, sure. That doesn't make the responsibilities go away, though. You already made that choice. Now, you're waiting to find out the extent of the consequences. Given that there is the potential for literally life-altering consequences, you will want to speak to lawyer. Also, I've got a bad feeling I'm too late for this, but: Since this seems pretty adversarial, if you're planning to contest the paternity of any potential child, you're gonna not want to speak to her about it, at all. Get a lawyer and refer her to them. If she turns out to be pregnant and gives birth, you can get a paternity test. But you can't make her take a pregnancy test or discuss this with you. And you have no say over whether she has the kid. You will absolutely be held accountable for child support if she pursues it (and if she applies for welfare, the state will go after you). The only way to get out of it would be if someone else adopted her. I think shes lying. We had unprotected sex only twice. Once back in May, plan b was bought after as well. The last time was about 8 - 10 days ago, she says she thinks it was that. Although I want her to take a test but she refuses. How long ago did you have unprotected sex? Regardless, the only thing you can do is get a paternity test at the time of birth and go from there. You can get a paternity test in utero, but they can be a bit costly and a lot of people are uncomfortable with them. You can also watch her closely. If she's really pregnant and saying you're the father, ask to go to the OB w/her. Even though I don’t want a child, I’m too young, even though she lied to me I’d still be held accountable? Can I give up 100% of right or something? I dont want to fuck up my entire life thanks to some lying girl. Well, the good news is you're not going to have a child. The bad news is that she might be having a child and you are responsible for it if you're the father. While the specifics will vary from state to state, in general, you will either have to admit to being the father or have the child's paternity established by testing before any custody or child support issues progress very far in court. You will want to talk to family practice lawyer pretty soonish, and don't discuss anything about it with anybody who isn't that lawyer for the time being.