 I moved into a new apartment about a month back. Even though I had done a walk through and given a list of issues to the property management company to address, the apartment wasn't ready when I got to it in my move in truck. The biggest concern of all has been the heat. My furnace has not been working from the day I moved in and the apartment has been running on floor heating only which is very expensive. While I have been following up the the company that I rented though, the issue hasn't been addressed and when I asked for rent adjustment for the high electric bills I am incurring because of their inability to fix the heat, I was told that none will be made. for reference - I got an electric bill for $500 for 21 days at a 700 sq ft apartment in western PA. What are my options here? I certainly cannot afford such large bills for electricity alone.  Since you have working heat, even if you don't like the source, I don't think you have any recourse. You can always call code enforcement if you think it's a dangerous or uninhabitable situation.  my lease doesn't say anything specifically the heat or furnace but the repair and maintenance of the apartment is the landlord's responsibility. I have not had a working heating system for a month and even after several complaints it has not been fixed because of which the one system I have has been overloaded and is running big bills. Does that not give me any grounds to get money from him for an inadequate heating system? What does your lease say about heating, specifically the furnace? Since you have heat, barring anything in the lease saying otherwise, I don't think you have any grounds to get any money from him.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.