 Hi Reddit, I recently got into a car accident in which I was charged with failing to yield. Skip this section if you don’t care about the context. The intersection was both an ending yellow light for someone heading north and a yellow for me turning left, but as he approached the intersection he had his turn signals on to turn right and seeing as I was already committed in the intersection I decided to follow him on his turn. Unfortunately however he did not make the turn and continued straight instead thus a crash occurred because I assumed he would take the right and began my turn just in time to get hit by him going 50~. Anyways I have the option to accept with explanation to lower fine costs or deny responsibility for a chance to clear the fine and points on my record. I’m thinking to deny as I have evidence and a good case, it’s an informal hearing where neither side may have attorney (me or cop), and I don’t think there’s anything to lose. Am I missing anything? Is there any reason not to deny responsibility or should I just press forward and hope for the best  No one was injured in the accident aside from me and since it is no fault insurance no considerable difference in paying would occur, I’m mainly hoping for the points to be removed and my insurance to not hike up as much. For that reason I don’t think it’s worth hiring a lawyer  If you have video evidence of his blinker on I'd contact a lawyer if you are found guilty. They could use the evidence for your benefit most  Police report isn’t out yet but I have video evidence of the light being yellow (not green) and his blinkers being on a while before impact. If his blinker was on and he did not turn then he would be liable, but that's a sticky situation, and you probably would have been better off waiting (too little to late for that now I know). This would be determined off police report. It's very important you include small details like his blinker was on indicating he was turning at the intersection, etc.