 I'll start this by saying this is about my 22 year old girlfriend who has gastroparesis, endometriosis, IBS, gastritis, depression, and chronic migraines. So she has tried many different medications and visited many doctors and emergency rooms with little to no explanation for anything. Within the last 2 years, she's been prescribed a myriad of meds that didn't help her symptoms and caused new ones to arise. One of these new symptoms was vasovagal syncope, or fainting. This seemed to happen when she stood up quickly or exerted herself too much. She decided to go off of all of her meds and after some time, the fainting had gone away. After a check in with her doctor, she was put back on one med: levothyroxin. After a week of taking this med, she began fainting again. Now to today: she had severe fainting spells early this morning all throughout the day. She tried to sleep it off, but it persisted after a nap. We decided to go to the ER, but we needed to run errands as well, so I took her to the entrance and left her for about 15 minutes. Everything after this point is heresay from her, with cameras surely recording everything (we're still at the hospital as I type waiting for treatment.) She was brought into a triage room for assessment and she began to slur her words and faint again. She could feel it coming on. The triage nurse said "oh we're not doing this." And grabbed my girlfriend by the shoulders and pushed her back into the chair. My girlfriend awoke as she pushed her and the nurse said "I know you're not fainting. I watched your breathing. You were controlling it." My girlfriend said "what the hell?" And started mentioning her various illnesses and recent fainting. The nurse finished the assessment in a different demeanor. Once she finished, she told my girlfriend to go sit in the waiting room and they will get her a room asap. After my girlfriend had sat down, she must have fainted again because the next thing she remembers was a bunch of water being tossed on her and hearing the nurses say "let's go." My girlfriend started standing up from the chair and told the nurse that her limbs were weak and the nurse said "that's not true." And they pushed her into a wheelchair. My girlfriend asked "is it proper procedure to throw water on a fainted person?" To which they replied "it works the fastest." My girlfriend then asked "is it proper procedure to push people back into their chairs when they're passed out?" And the nurse said "how did you remember that I did that if you were passed out" gritting her teeth in a grimace. And my girlfriend replied "the same way I know my boyfriend is shaking me awake when I pass out." Neither of us are sure how to proceed. Like I said, we're still sitting at this hospital awaiting the treatment we came for, but so far, this definitely isn't proper medical treatment. Our area is known for opioid abuse so it's likely they just assumed she was overdosing. Neither of us are financial secure enough to just call up any lawyer but she feels emotionally distraught from the entire experience. We've had bad experiences at this hospital before, but nothing like this. Usually I am right beside her to make sure she isn't fainted so this never had much of a chance to happen before. Thank you all in advance for any advice. The hospital probably has some sort of patient relations office. You can file a complaint there. 