  I’m not someone who goes to places like Reddit for help, but at this point I don’t know where else to turn. This issue has been going on for almost 3yrs now and I want to make sure those that offer their advice have the whole story. For whatever it may matter, I’m 25. We are located in the US state of Virginia. The “mother” of my cousin ran off with a meth addict roughly a year after he was born, leaving my uncle, the father because she was “bored”. Skip ahead to Fall 2017- Meth head finally gets tired of her and kicks her out, she hasn’t worked since she ran off with him. A few months before this they ended up having a kid together. She comes crying to my uncle and for whatever reason, he allows her to stay in the basement bedroom until she “can get on her feet”. At present, my cousin (R) is 9 and we’ve held a very close bond as if we were brothers, which is what we consider each other. Prior to her moving in, my uncle had my cousin every weekend and I would come stay to spend time with him. I’ve always done different things with him besides playing his favorite games including teaching him other languages, reading with him and doing the monthly “Little Passport” that comes in for him that I set up. I basically do for “little bro” like I plan to do for my own kid once I adopt. Anyway, so “mother” begins to cause several problems. First, she convinces my uncle that I’m controlling of my cousin because I “fix him food when he’s hungry and ask if he’s tired and ready for bed.”. Prior to her coming in, my uncle had no issue with this. If (R) wanted something to eat, he always asked me to fix it. If he was tired and wanted to go to bed, I’d stop whatever we were doing so he could go to bed. Otherwise he’d force himself to stay up. This “control” nonsense began expanding and covering other things; I brought him magnets from each country I would visit (I travel a LOT), and she considers that controlling. Now last July, she somehow managed to get custody of meth daddy’s two kids who have no relation to her at all. A 9yr girl and a 13yr boy. She treats them as if they’re God’s gift to man, while (R) is seen as the only person in the house who does anything and everything wrong. The girl has basically become a spy for the “mother” not only when I’m there spending time with (R), but also while he’s at school. The teenager- she told to sleep in (R)’s bed with him, which to me is extremely odd and a major red flag. I have told (R) multiple times to stay away from the boy especially if they’re alone for any reason. Her treatment of (R) is despicable and abhorrent, I’ve made records of a few incidents that I witnessed. I’ll share two that will give you an idea of who she is. \(R) was doing his homework and had to use the bathroom, he had been sick to his stomach all day he later told me. During his time in the bathroom, she goes banging on the door. “Hurry up and finish your fucking homework!”. It got worse when he came out, because she had made him so nervous and upset that he forgot to wipe himself. Rather than do what a parent should, she announces it to the whole house including the other kids. \Late one night, he started crying because his eye was hurting very badly. I had him go to her, because God-forbid I be controlling and help him. She storms into his room with some sort of sleep medicine, “Take the fucking medicine and go to sleep!”. (R) is already upset and crying from the pain, she’s standing over him shouting at 2am. He wanted her to leave and me to give it to him and she went off again, cussing him. “If you’re too stupid to take the fucking medicine then sit there and cry about it, goddamn.”. She threw it on the table and slammed the door behind her. Presently, I don’t get to see (R) very often and when I do he’s upset that things have changed to be so bad. Originally it was every weekend, then every other weekend. About a week ago, I was in the middle of a trip over in Asia. During this time we had one video call with each other and he was very happy, ready for me to come home so we could spend time together. Twenty minutes before I arrive home, I get a call telling me that (R) doesn’t want to be around me for another couple of weekends. They proceed to tell me that they think he is tired of seeing me. I have tried twice since then to call and talk to him, but they keep saying that he “wants a break” and refuse to let him talk. I don’t believe they’re telling me the truth, mainly because of the past and then with that call while I was over there. I hope this has been somewhat easy to follow. The last thing I’m going to mention in this post is that somehow, she was given a job within Child Protective Services even though she doesn’t have the full credentials, certainly not the ones needed to go in and take children out of homes. About eight years ago, she was fired from an elementary school for something she did to a preschooler, I wouldn’t think someone like her would even be considered for this job. Then again, our local CPS is in serious trouble currently. Just Google “Charlee Ford”, the 4month-old who died as a result of the departments neglect. Because she's working at our local agency, they didn't take our calls on her treatment of him seriously. I need to know what I can do legally for any of these issues. Anything at all. I’m desperate for help, everything will be appreciated. You are correct there, it is insanity isn't it? I'm hoping for her to be removed from that position as a safeguard to any and all future kids that would pass through her "care". My uncle seems bent to her will at this point, she rules everything. The rest of my family, myself included, believe she has something over him that she's using to force him to go along with this. Prior to her returning, he was all-out against everything that has happened. I want to make sure he's okay in the end, as we've always had a good relationship up until her involvement. Hey OP, sounds like a lot is going on an I'm sorry to hear you've been going through this. From my reading your "aunt" has both an inability to raise this kid appropriately and a job with local CPS? Maybe I missed it but what is your desired outcome here and what is your uncle's role in all of this? As fighting the bio father and mother on this would be an uphill battle. 