 Im posting on my nsfw account. I got a girl from another state pregnant (Im in LA she’s in KY). She wants to keep it, I definitely do not. She has told me she would be okay with me relinquishing my parental rights, but I wanted to know if anyone had ever done this and how straight forward it would be. Will I need a lawyer? Do we have to wait until the baby is born? Is it likely to be approved? Since she’s in another state, do i file in her state or mine? Thanks. What they are trying to express to you is that your financial obligation to the child is not an option. You aren’t legally obligated to be a physical presence in the child’s life, but a court can and likely will hold you financially liable. Trying to skirt child support is like trying to skirt taxes. It creates a loosing situation. That’s good advice. Thank you. What state benefits does that include? As ive mentioned she makes $600k As others have stated, the second she goes for state benefits is when the state will dictate your child support obligation...not her. It might be best to work out a child support payment now, heavily document the agreement and payments so at least this way you won’t owe back child support. The consequences vary by state, but no matter what you do not want to owe back child support, or at least a significant amount of it. As a surgeon myself, financially we have very little to worry about once we have finished training.  They can have disability insurance, though that doesn't mean that it lasts indefinitely. Or that she won't get fired. Or any number of things. Surgeons have disability insurance...you serious? If i get hit by a car i still make $280k/year for doing nothing That doesn't mean she can't get hit by a truck tomorrow and be unable to perform her job. Or until she goes for state benefits and the state decides OP should pay child support to offset it. But laws can change right? Not from users who are simultaneously suggesting their advice is legit. Either you know the law, or you do not and you will stop commenting if you lack legal knowledge.  For the same reason a judge can't enforce a contract for murder. They can't just do whatever they want. They have to enforce the law, and the law doesn't allow a parent to waive child support. Im askimg a serious queation to get an answer. You dont allow questions here? Stop talking.  No, I’ve done it. And told them to shut up.  Why cant a judge? If its a document made by a lawyer, signed infront of witnesses and notarized, why not? No, women can make decisions. What they can't do is absolve the father of child support obligations, because those are for the benefit of the child, not the woman. None of that will do anything from a legal standpoint. Quit posting this advice; quit commenting in this sub if you don’t know the law. Only warning.  Yeah, give a woman the right to make decisions, its a fucked up thing to do isnt it? Okay, well she’s not a financial degenerate like you, she doesn’t want my money.  Nope. No way to accomplish that. Sorry. She should decide this because you are both the child’s parents so should both bear financial responsibility. Whether or not she needs the money is beside the point.  What I know is that a judge cannot give such a document any effect. Aside from that, no there's no harm in him getting a useless document. Prevent her from suing me for child support 17 years from now if her husband steals her money and she decides she doesn’t want to pay for this kid’s college.  You really have no relevant legal knowledge, do you? That is a nonsense phrase. Please explain your objective in real terms. I can guarantee you that is not going to happen any time in the next twenty years. 100%. We might decide that women have te right to release a man of the obligation. And we might also decide that if a woman makes a decision and signs a legal document that it is binding.  So I have to remove your comments instead? To legally separate myself from the child.  Options for what? You say she doesn't need support and neither of you want you to be involved in the kid's life. You can stay out of it to your heart's content. You don't need a court to give you permission. So what legal problem are you trying to solve with "options"? How exactly is it going to hurt for him to have it in writing? Do you know what the future holds? Do you know that some judge wont decide that if a woman puts it in writing that she doesnt ever want child support that it is a binding document? How exactly is it a bad idea for him to have this in writing?  You think sometime in the next 15 years, we, as a society, will determine fathers should have the right to opt out of child support? K. Thx. Bye. That wont do anything. Because she shouldn't have to foot the bill on her own. You helped create the child, you can help pay for the child.  Good answer. Thanks. Why Should she decide that? Is this a legal advice thread? Are you a lawyer or gone through this?  As long as you keep telling people to do futile things, I'll keep pointing out the futility. Unless there's someone else willing to adopt, this isn't possible even if both of you want to do this. The state wants the child to have two people responsible for it, and if there are two biological parents, both those people are on the hook until someone takes their place. If she gets hit with a truck next year and left paralyzed and on disability, the state wants to be able to look for another adult responsible for the child to get financial assistance. She can decide not to ask you for any assistance. That may well last eighteen years. It might not. She can't make the government decide there's no chance you'll ever be asked. Doesn't matter. She could decide that you helped create the child and you should be obligated to help fund the expenses associated with the child. To be honest, she should decide that.  So i have no options then? You dont need to keep posting the same thing over and over and over again. As i responded to you the 1st time you said this, maybe not now, but you never know what cases and precedents will happen in the next decade and a half. Your "that wont do anything" has been read multiple times now. No need to post it again. I already told you that won't excuse you from a child support obligation. You're not the first one with this idea. Every few months somebody wanders in with this issue. But that’s financial. She makes 600k...she doesn’t need help...she doesn’t want help. Child support is for the benefit of the child, and the child has a right to support from both parents. This seems bizarre that they wouldn’t trust her to raise it alone.,  You can't do that unless a step-parent adopts the child.  That is exactly what i’m trying to do...that is literally the whole point of my post.  That won't do anything. For now, until she changes her mind.  Take extra steps to protect yourself or dont. Its your choice.  She can change her mind at any time and go after you for child support.  Right...in theory...so i want to legally make it so she cannot.   That wouldn't do any good.   She can change her mind at any time.  Maybe not now, but you never know what court cases and precedents will happen in the next decade and a half. From what i’ve googled it does. Do you have a link saying that it does not? What? My point is that she and i both want to legally end all my connections to the child As another poster said, relinquishing your rights doesnt remove child support obligations. Get specifically that she does not want any money from you in writing, legal document, notarized  So what's your point? I don’t have to pay child support nor would i ever be responsible for it.  That won't do anything. No i don’t. The relinquishing rights was my “getting it in writing” Then don't offer any input. I see no upside to you relinquishing your parents rights. Get that in writing, you dont want her coming back in 10 or 15 years looking for child support plus back child support. Public assistance as in what? She’s a surgeon If she files for any sort of public assistance, you’ll be called in for a child support hearing.  She doesn’t want me to have any say...nor pay child support. She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input. Generally, someone else has to step up to adopt the child (such as a stepparent adoption).  NAL: You can forfeit custody and ask a court to award her full custody, however that will not relinquish your child support obligation. You technically do not need a lawyer for that. Even from a legal standpoint you can just “not be involved”. However, she can take you to court for child support, that’s something you cannot avoid. IANAL and don't know specific state laws for those states but generally speaking, you'd have to file in the county the child resides in. It should be a fairly straightforward matter of filling in the correct forms and filing them, though you may have to attend a court date, I don't know about that. You can look up what to do by googling "county, state (of child's residence) + relinquish parental rights."  You generally cannot avoid a child support obligation by relinquishing your parents rights. Sorry.