 eBay and Etsy and other online stores are full of sellers who make and sell patches for bands, especially metal bands. Making “battle vests” (denim vests covered in your favorite band’s patches) are a huge part of the metal music culture, and also a large part of my life. I love sewing and metal music and making these vests, etc. Seeing as I’m a teenager and I want to make some money and have had a lot of trouble getting a job (I live in a town that has very limited options as far as work for teens), and in general I’ve always been a bit of an entrepreneur. My current way of making money cuts into my time far too much and in the winter seasons is pretty dangerous, and it leaves me with little time to practice my music and do homework. Thus, I’ve really been wanting to make and sell patches, especially those for metal bands. I’m a huge believer in supporting bands and buying their OFFICIAL merch so they can continue making music and touring. I feel that a great way to go about this would be to only make patches for the bands that do not have official ones available (many, many bands don’t have them available and it really limits your choices and thus the creativity involved in creating your vest; consequently, people turn to bootleg patches). This way I can steer clear from taking money from the official bands, and I can sell to an audience of people looking for patches for bands that don’t have them available, rather than just a cheaper option. But is this legal? I’m so passionate about this and it’s something I really want to do, but I also do not want to get into legal trouble. I’ve been told it’s legal, I’ve also been told it’s illegal, and things are kind of fuzzy. If it’s illegal, how come so many sellers online get away with it so easily? Thanks for any advice! And please understand that I am in no way trying to undermine a bands profits- I only want to make patches available for those bands that don’t have them so fans that are passionate about that band can get something to show it off.  That's still unauthorized use of a trademark. Of course the band is unlikely to make a legal stink over one, measly patch. But they could, and the law would be on their side. Sure, but if she makes one and provides it to the band as a sales sample, that’s not going to cause any troubles unless she starts selling it after they say, “no.” It’s when she starts doing something more substantial. You need the band's permission before actually creating any patches with their logo on it, regardless if you sell them to the band or not. Simply re-creating their logo on patches with the intent to sell them, even if you don't sell them, is likely a violating of their trademark rights. Alright, thank you for the help. I think I might try contacting smaller bands and selling patches to them in bulk for them to sell Band's logos and artwork is, more than likely, trademarked. While it would be legal to purchase patches from a licensed vendor, sew them on jackets, then sell the jackets with the patches on them, it would likely not be legal for you to reproduce a band's logo and artistically fabricate your own patches without explicit, written permission from the band and/or its agents.