 ONTARIO, CANADA About 5 months ago my boyfriend was going to buy a used car from someone off of a buy and sell website. The ad was legit and we both trusted the guy he was purchasing from. The plan was to meet the guy and pick the car up the following day. He talked to him for about a week prior and again, everything seemed 100% real. The guy had mentioned he wanted a $200 deposit since he had to travel 1.5 hours (the money was for gas/time travelling in case we ended up backing out after we saw the car) and then he would give him the rest of the money once we had the vehicle. We know the guys full name and looked him up on Facebook. We know where he lives and that he is a real person, so felt comfortable sending him the $200 deposit. He did so and we were ready to go pick up the car next day. However my boyfriends father got into an accident and he had to completely cancel the whole transaction. He needed the money to stay in a hotel to be closer to his dad and decided not to purchase the car. He messaged him the day before we were supposed to meet and said that he would not be able to get the car anymore and asked for his deposit back. He completely ignored my boyfriend, but he let it go and decided to move on because “it was only $200”. However I keep thinking about the whole ordeal and am a little annoyed he decided to just keep the deposit. I understand my boyfriend willingly gave it to him, but it was only because he was travelling to meet us. But we canceled before hand so he never ended up travelling at all. He shouldn’t have been so stupid and sent him the money, but we’re both certain that the ad was legit and if we had have met up with him, we would’ve gotten the car. But because it fell through he just kept the conditional deposit. I was thinking about messaging the ad-poster right now and telling him that we’ve spent the past 5 months talking to our lawyer and the police about the fact he wouldn’t return the deposit and see if that scares him into sending it back. (Obviously none of that is true). I have almost zero knowledge of the legal system in regards to my situation, so don’t know if that would seem like total bullshit. I know it is technically my boyfriends fault for trusting that this guy was an honest person. But I’m still annoyed. My boyfriend is in kind of a bad place financially right now (in between jobs) and could really use the $200 for rent or groceries. What do you guys think I should do? Is there even anything that I (or my boyfriend) can really do? No prob. I'm glad u do get it! Much less frustrating lol, in a perfect world and if this guy was a great person, I'd say ya the deposit is yours but that's just not the case as you are aware. Anyways have a good life I hope all the best for you guys!  [deleted] Don’t go to small claims court. It’s not worth the cost!!! You need to leave the guy alone! It kills me how uninformed and inexperienced people can be. It's a non refundable deposit, clear as day. You can Google it if you dont get it, but you probably won't do that either cause on not giving you the answer you wanted anyways In the fifth paragraph you added that it was a “conditional” deposit. Was that actually discussed? That if the guy didn’t come to meet your boyfriend he got the deposit back? If not, I don’t see a claim. In any event, threatening criminal charges that have no basis (and there is no basis here) is always a bad idea. Move on.  The whole point of the deposit is that the car was pulled from being advertised based on your bf's commitment to complete the transaction. If he failed to complete the transaction then the deposit is forfeit unless you have a specific written statement from the seller that the deposit is refundable. The seller took the risk of losing chances to seller the car sooner to someone else and your bf took the risk of losing the deposit if he canceled. Your bf had the choice of risking someone else getting there first and buying the car but her chose to instead put a deposit down. If the seller had canceled the transaction then your bf would have been due a refund of the deposit. I’ve read this like 4 times and still don’t get what the deposit was for. You say because the seller was traveling to you but then you also say you were going to pick the car up. Don’t tell him you have been talking to the police and attorneys for five months b/c honestly it’s just a laughably dumb scare attempt that is not going to work. I would just let it go personally. If they have small claims courts in Canada I guess you could pursue it that way but based on what you said I’m honestly not sure if the seller wasn’t entitled to keep it since the car sale did not go through.