 There is backstory to this, so I feel I must include it. An uncle of mine set me up with a cabling job making a decent living a few years ago. Since then, I've become aware of what I began to be worth to the projects and made moves to end up being with the same company he is with. He did not warn me beforehand, how extremely short changed they are; by that I mean bankrupt 3 times and changing names (so I'm told, witness, and believe). In addition, they take great pride in delaying the cashing of chase business checks, since my "boss" that writes the check (and that I've never met, btw) is always "waiting on a wire" during these occurrences. The catch to this is, I am on a 1099 with this LLC, my uncle is W2. They also delay his paycheck, but as long as he has a job, this doesn't pose a problem to him. To me it does. They pay bi-weekly on top of this, and lowballed me for the expected hourly rate we discussed on the phone 9/14/17 which is 2 days before I started working with them. I am expected to pretty much uphold the standards of a full time employee, such as 7-330 or 6-230 clocks, which includes a 15 minute break and 30 minute lunch. Never really the case. Very figazy operation. I'm sitting on a $1,440 paycheck from 12/28 that I still can't cash because there is no money in their account. I had to borrow money to fulfill Christmas gifts for my family that I have yet to reimburse because of this. On top of that, bills, expenses, every day wants and needs.. What can I do? To be posting this just after the clock struck 12 should say something. Been typing for about 10 mins on a shattered iPhone 5c, since my shattered Galaxy S7 edge is inside and I can't replace either one; I can't cash my check.. 1099 working for LLC with W2 employees, like a W2 employee, and waiting to cash my check again for the 4th time in just over a year working for/with them.  Yes, sub contractor. Contract. It's right there in the name and yet so many sub contractors and independent contractors don't get contracts. It's kind of mind boggling, considering it's part of the very title. Not ragging on you, just bemoaning over here. This is so common, people not realizing just how at risk they are without a contract in these positions.  I have never received any sort of contract. It's basically whatever goes. Pretty much a trade job. We spoke on the phone before my first day and was more of a "this is how its going to be call" rather than "we could really use someone that knows what they're doing". Sub contractor title comes to mind.  Are you properly classified as a contractor? If so, you have do this in the courts. If you were an employee you have wage protections. Instead you are just a business with a contract dispute with another business.  Good bit