 We recently rented a house in Colorado. The owner/landlord (not tenant) left all storage areas in the home filled with their personal property (e.g., furniture, boxes, etc.). They refuse to remove their personal property claiming they still "own the house". There was absolutely nothing about this in the lease and we certainly would have never agreed to let them leave all of this stuff here. We have no storage space! Help please! What are my options? I can only find laws referring to tenant property left behind. I've never encountered a situation like this. Also nothing in the lease about "tenant rights to property." I would like to give the owner/landlord about 3 days to come take their stuff or put it on the street. If the latter, I'd actually prefer to use this as a valid reason to terminate the lease since it seems I'm dealing with a problematic landlord which bodes poorly going forward. Thank you for your detailed response, answer and reasoning. In our case we saw the house on a visit to CO while still fully furnished by the owner who was living in it at the time. We lived in TX. We signed the lease remotely, then loaded up the truck and moved to CO. Only on arriving at the house with the moving truck parked outside did we discover the owner's possessions still left in the home. You are right in that we took possession because again, the truck was outside and we'd just come into town. Never experienced anything like this and wouldn't have ever thought to anticipate it. It's not like we "knew" this would be a problem or to check for it in advance. It appears we will need to live with this situation and will simply do what we can to persuade the owner to remove their stuff. We did ask them on the first day and they basically told us to deal with it and go pound sand. Pretty crappy of them. Short Answer: You do not have grounds to remove your landlord's items from the storage areas, nor is this a "valid reason to terminate the lease." You are, however, free to break your lease at any time and face the consequences for doing so; your lease will let you know what those consequences are. If you remove your landlord's items from the storage spaces and put them on the street, you will be liable to your landlord for any resulting loss of those items. The only thing that would change this is if your landlord promised to remove the items from the storage areas, and then failed to do so. From your description, I suspect this was not the case. Longer Answer: Your landlord owes you a duty to make the house you've rented habitable, i.e. provide plumbing, heating/cooling per Colorado statute, etc. However, storage space has nothing to do with the property's habitability. Your landlord does not owe you a duty to provide storage space in the house you rented, and although it's a bit more uncomfortable, the house is perfectly habitable without storage space. Moreover, I can only assume that the storage spaces were full of your landlord's stuff when you moved in, meaning that you took over the lease well aware that those storage spaces were unavailable. You don't have much of a leg to stand on here.