 I'm looking for help and advice on how to help my Girlfriend's brother and sister. They were adopted by my GF's biological mother and her husband at the time years ago, today they are 6 and 4 years old. The adoptive parents have split up and are going through a rather nasty divorce. Their mom is a great mom and provides them with a safe and loving home, unfortunately their father does not. He does everything he can to manipulate, threaten, and intimidate the children. He yells at them, has locked them in their room with no contact except to eat, and has been known to shove and push them. He's often slept through picking them up from school and has also not secured his home allowing the youngest to leave in the middle of the night and wander the neighborhood. He tells them terrible things to isolate them, the latest, he told them they were only invited to a family member's birthday party because the rest of the family wanted to make him mad. He's been cutoff from seeing and talking to the majority of his adult children and extended family because of how toxic he is to them. They were invited when they were with their mom and skyping with relatives that have cut him off. Their "dad" told them that we (their relatives) don't even care about them and that the only reason they couldn't go was because my SO wouldn't "get off her lazy ass to pick them up". The truth of the matter is he set crazy conditions that had to be met including making my SO have to pick them up and "confront him" when she's told him repeatedly that she wants nothing to do with him and had no contact with him for over a year. He's trying to continue to bully her by using the kids as hostages. SO's mom has an attorney helping to try and get full custody of the children and keep them safe. He's been crazier than usual lately though, he's responded to civil emails expressing concerns about the kid's mental health by making false accusations of abuse from their mom and her new partner. He also went as far as to accuse them of trying to murder him and saying he's taken steps to make sure if he dies they'll be investigated. The emails were in response to the kids going to their mom telling her they're scared of their "Dad" and the oldest has expressed the desire to not be alive. The children have confided in SO and her mom that he threatens them not to tell anyone what he tells them IE when he's talking bad about other family members, lying to them about why they can't see family and friends, punishing them ect. He tells them that he's very sick and could die if they don't behave and do as he says. At this point I don't know what to do. The attorney has advised against going to CPS because abuse is hard to prove and it could hurt their case for full custody. We're trying to get them into see a therapist but the "dad" has to approve it as well and since he's gotten wind of it its hard to tell how he's going to try and screw with them. In the past with another child of his (15-17 year old) he's forced himself to be in the room or within listening distance any time she went to therapy to make sure she couldn't say anything bad about him. TLDR: Adoptive father of my SO's young brother and sister is abusive. There is a custody battle in progress and mom's attorney has advised against her calling CPS. I am legitimately afraid for these kids and believe they are being abused by their "dad" ( The kids have said as much and he's abused SO, other adult children, and his ex-wife both emotionally and physically. He's restrained them, pinned them against walls while yelling in their face, and refused to let them leave or walk away from him by getting in their way. He once drive his car to his ex wife's work and blocked her car in with his in order to yell at her). Is there anything we can do, besides being there for them when we visit? Should we consult CPS on our own, ask her attorney if SO and I filing the report is different than mom doing so, just need any advice on how to help these kids.  Thank you so much for the suggestion. Their mom has been in touch with their teachers and the teachers have been very supportive and have documented issues they've seen.  Please make sure their school social worker is aware of ongoing issues. The youngest may not be in school but the 6 year old might get some extra support from social worker. Also, then the worker and perhaps teacher will know to watch carefully for any red flags. 