 I live in a semi rural part of town in Florida, but I'm only about 10-15 minutes away from a major University. This area is expanding recently so we just moved slightly out of a "real neighborhood" and out into the sticks. The operators have been telling me that the officers have been constantly pulled away from responding to go to an emergency. I understand if this is really the case, but it's already been 2 Saturdays in a row for the entire night. I talked to a friend who is an officer and he mentioned that police really do not like going to this part of town to respond to a call. What can I do beyond calling the non emergency number? Do I just live in the wrong part of town? Am I doomed to just have loud music play all night every Saturday? NAL but do dispatch for police. They're likely telling the truth. Police calls for service are dispatched based on priority. IF there's a fight and your loud sound complaint, the fight comes first. If an injury accident or even property damage accident comes in before they finish, those will then move ahead of your loud sound complaint. Some departments also have a response protocol for when they get busy where they refuse to respond to non-emergencies. Baltimore was in the news for this recently, and most larger northern cities have something similar in regards to non-injury accidents in bad weather. This can keep happening with your issue being pushed down to the bottom of the list. It is even possible the police did roll by, roll their windows down, hear no music, and leave. I don't know where you live but this happens if the department that covers your area is either understaffed or overworked. If you want to see a real mess, watch Flint Town on Netflix sometimes. There's a scene where the oncoming shift had 65 calls for service pending from the previous shift that they knew they'd never get to. Its a serious problem in many areas and unfortunately not uncommon. As for what your buddy the cop said, unless you live in the Florida equivalent of Compton, I doubt fear is the actual issue. It is probably something more akin to annoyance. There are trailer parks in my area where the police don't like going because it always turns into a hassle with crowds or crappy neighbors trying to butt into things. That doesn't mean they refuse to go, they just don't enjoy it. Its the law enforcement equivalent of dealing with "that one customer." If this continues to be a problem I can offer a few suggestions. When its occurring, call the police and make a complaint and ask to speak to a crew. If they're actually coming out you can at least verify it. If they don't show after a couple hours, call again to let them know it is still going on. Do NOT call repeatedly as you don't need to be tying up their lines all night, but a confirmation that it is still an issue may help. If that doesn't work try calling in the day time. They may be able to have someone come out and at least speak to the neighbor. Also, not knowing your situation, neighborhood, or neighbors, is this something you can hash out with them yourself or do you not feel comfortable with that? If you really don't believe them, you can file some sort of FOIA request to see if your call is being ignored, if its timing out, if they're running call to call dealing with higher priority things, or anything else. I personally think that's more work than its worth, but your time is your own. The only other option I can think of is to contact your city council person or equivalent. Make enough noise to them and they'll make noise to the police. That might help. Likely they are tied up on actual crimes, not civil issues. Sorry your in the situation, but if you move to a dangerous area, you kinda have to accept that cops will be focusing on going after dangerous predatory criminals more often than not, and may not be able to respond to non-emergencies. I would do all you can to move to a safer/less dangerous area.  Weekend nights are very busy. Officers are usually assigned to a geographic area. You probably aren’t the only one calling in noise complaints in that area on a weekend. It’s very probable and likely that higher priority calls happen on a weekend which means lesser priority calls, such as a noise complaint, end up in a queue all night.  It's very possible that the police actually are tied up on other higher priority calls. Between sick calls, work injuries and vacation it's easy for a police department to end up short for a few weeks or even months. What likely happened is your call was "stacked" and left in the queue until an officer had time to get to it. That might mean hours later a cop rolled by your place with the windows down, didn't hear anything and cleared the call. If you call police department you should be able to find out how the two previous call you made were "cleared" and at what time. In the future I would ask the dispatcher to have the officer who is assigned the call contact you that night, regardless of how late it is when they respond as it's an ongoing issue.