 The tl;dr: I had asked for a quote for more or less simple work to raise a retaining wall on my pool with, we'll call them Company A. I receive a quote/proposal. I say via email it looks pretty good, with some minor tweaks to the proposal, to get back to me with the quote with the changes and I'll sign it and we're good to go. They go ahead and send guys out to do the work while we're not at home, and they do it all wrong. I get an invoice via email and get a reminder every few months. They don't answer calls or emails and won't come fix it, but they aren't exactly in a rush to get the money either. The long version: We bought a house in 2017. The pool has always had this quirk where what I call the retaining wall (the wall between the pool and the hot tub) is the same height as the skimmers. So in order for the water to reach the skimmer, it had to be above the retaining wall, causing the water to be freely exchanged between the pool and hot tub. You can see the issue here trying to warm a hot tub with regular temperature water constantly spilling in. Around May 2018 I decide to get some quotes for raising the wall about 6 inches total, while still having a 6 inch long spillway between the two but raising the spillway with some mortar to above the skimmer height to fix the base issue here. I get a few quotes and really like Company A and their rep that came out. I carefully explained what could be a weird issue and he understood 100% and we came up with a plan. Got the quote over the phone of $798 all included (materials+labor) and I tell him it sounds good. He says he will send the paperwork to sign. On 6/5/18 I receive the proposal. The price is correct but the work as described is very vague (near verbatim "Set flagstone, aprox. 13 ft. of wall"). I tell him it's close but I'd like for it to be explicit about we're doing - raising the wall with flagstone, leaving ONE 6 inch spillway, and raising the spillway's height by an inch or so with mortar. I tell him otherwise, it still sounds good and I'd like to proceed (in the same email). I tell him we'll be out of town for a few days, to please update the proposal and I'll sign it ASAP when we get back and we can get moving on the work. We leave, and come back to find they went ahead and let themselves into the yard and did the work! And of course, it's not quite right. They left TWO spillways, 12 inches wide each. And they didn't raise the spillway height, so water is still exchanging between the pool and spa. I'll admit it's a huge improvement but not quite what I agreed on. On top of that, they found a main power cutoff I didn't know existed instead of just setting the pool into "Service" mode and back, and they didn't flip power back on so that the pool filtered again. They also lowered the water enough to work on the wall, didn't fill it back up, and the water line couldn't reach the skimmers. So unbeknownst to me while I'm out of town the pool was not filtering for 3 to 4 days and the pool is now completely green so I'm extra aggravated. I have my pool guy shock the pool and charge me for chemicals and I have to clean the filter multiple times so I'm out that money and time. The guy with Company A then becomes completely unreachable by phone and continues to be to this day. I send emails and they never, ever respond. I receive an automated-ish invoice from their accounting system on 6/25/18. I reply with my concerns and that I want to work with them, but I need them to make it right by (a) dropping the price by at least the price of the chemicals and ideally some for my time cleaning the filter, but mostly my issue is (b) to just come back and finish the job correctly. No responses, ever, besides an invoice reminder every two months or so, and here we are. End of long version. So I'm sitting here with a 90% complete job. It's not bad work, just not quite what I wanted, and I still have the water-exchange problem. I'm half tempted to get mortar and just finish it by raising the two spillways myself. But I don't want to make it seem like I was happy and I just decided to made a little patchwork, because at that price they need to do it right. Also, beyond automated emails, I've received no correspondence, emails, calls, people banging on my door demanding $798. They just...disappeared. It's pretty bizarre. So what do I do? Fix the minor problem and tell them to buzz off if they come for money? Fix it and pitch a price I think is fair for what they did do right? Will they eventually have a legal case against me? I don't ignore the emails, I have the same prepared copy+paste response each time detailing the problems and asking them to come finish. I'm willing to work with them. I just can't get a human on a phone/email. Is this one of those things that will suddenly go into collections and I need to be more proactive about it than I am? I think that's mostly what I'm worried about. Also, remember, I didn't sign anything. They sent this proposal, with a place for a signature. I stated in writing my issues, and I did not sign anything. Then they just...came and did the work.