 Recently (last Friday) I was hit by a car on my way to the bus stop for school. I was crossing the street and after looking both ways I proceeded to cross. When all of a sudden when I’m halfway across I feel something to my left and I turn. There are headlights and boom I’m hit. I’m told I did a few flips and I landed on the ground. A lady from another nearby car was keeping me calm and called my parents and an ambulance the lady who hit me had no idea she had hit me and she was being told “STOP STOP YOU HIT THAT KID” we’ll fast forward I fractured my leg and shoulder. I’m fairly certain I have a claim to get financial restitution but I was wondering about this. How long should I wait before contacting a lawyer? Will the insurance company come to me with a settlement first? That’s my main concern I don’t want to wait around waiting for a call that isn’t coming. But I also don’t want to call too early and have a lawyer take a third of my settlement without doing any work. Their insurance said their were ‘evaluating personal injury and compensation’ which makes me think they’ll call. Let me know what you think! Preferably someone with a law background.  Wow. You’re not alone! Hope you recover quickly and well.  It sounds like you are being paid under first party benefits, so as long as the FBP limits are sufficient, you should be fine in terms of bills. My parents auto insurance is paying for it and they’ll be reimbursed by the ladies insurance if that makes any sense. That’s just how the law is here. It is worth getting their offer first. Unfortunately, many people carry inadequate limits on their auto insurance and don't have any personal assets to pursue, so you could easily have a situation where their insurance is offering their full limits and the driver won't contribute any money. If this happens, a lawyer really won't be able to increase the payout any more. Couple more issues to consider. Do you have auto insurance with medical payments, PIP, or uninsured motorists coverage? If so, those would generally be triggered by this. If you have a high UM limit policy, that would change my advice somewhat. Also, how is your treatment currently being paid for? If it is through health insurance or workers comp there may be a lien, if not you may have unpaid bills. These are all very negotiable, and this is a great way to maximize your settlement. Nope I’m in Pennsylvania  IANAL but are you in Florida? This happened in my neighborhood last Friday too!