 Hiya. I have a question regarding pay for employers in San Francisco, California. Suppose I'm a contractor and I arrive five minutes late to a shift. Is it legal for my employer to, in response, docked my pay by a half hour? Search online for "California Labor Laws." I believe it's legal for them to round to certain increments, but I'm guessing half an hour is too large an increment (probably 15 minutes is the max), and they have to round to the NEAREST increment, not always rounding to the employer's advantage. So if their increment really is 30 minutes, and you arrived at 8:05, they'd have to round it to 8:00. Same if their increment is 15 minutes. If their increment is 10 minutes and you were even seconds over 5 minutes, it'd be legal to round it to 8:10. If their increment is 5 minutes, then of course it's legal to clock you in at 8:05. However, if that day or any other, you also stayed late by exactly the same amount, then the rounding at the end of the day should be in the same direction (for the same number of minutes after the hour). Okay, thanks. It's pretty messed up that I can lose a half hour's pay over being five minutes late, but I guess that's what happened.  An employer can lawfully withhold amounts from an employee's wages only: (1) when required or empowered to do so by state or federal law, or (2) when a deduction is expressly authorized in writing by the employee to cover insurance premiums, benefit plan contributions or other deductions not amounting to a rebate on the employee's wages, or (3) when a deduction to cover health, welfare, or pension contributions is expressly authorized by a wage or collective bargaining agreement. Labor Code Sections 221 and 224. Although a wage garnishment is a lawful deduction from wages under Labor Code section 224, an employer cannot discharge an employee because a garnishment of wages has been threatened or if the employee's wages have been subjected to a garnishment for the payment of one judgment Yes, your employer can deduct money from your paycheck for coming to work late. The deduction shall not, however, exceed the proportionate wage that would have been earned during the time actually lost, but for a loss of time less than 30 minutes, a half hour's wage may be deducted. Labor Code Section 2928. For example, if you earn $12.00 per hour and come to work 40 minutes late, your employer can deduct $8.00 from your paycheck. And if you come to work five minutes late, your employer can deduct $6.00.