 So I’m 17 and I got my first job at subway about a month ago. I kinda knew this job would be bullshit cause I got hired without any interview. Anyway 2 weeks pass and it’s pay day (or so I thought) I ask my manger why I haven’t gotten this dumb pay card system they have yet and she said that “you didn’t turn your paperwork on time so u have to wait till next pay check. I literally turned in everything she asked for not even an hour after she asked for because I texted her them. I was so pissed because this was a few days before Valentine’s Day and I was planning to go to a concert for a present for my girl. Anyway Saturday morning at 6 am we have a meeting talking about some bullshit that could’ve been texted to us. I ask her at the end if there’s any word on my pay card. She started acting like she didn’t know what to say but eventually muttered out “oh maybe it’ll come in Thursday or Friday”. I’m pretty pissed off because now i haven’t been paid in over a month and I owe my brother money for loaning me the money to go to the concert. I really don’t know what to do because I don’t even know the number for her boss to call about it.  Thank you so much this really helped me out a lot. I have texts messages from every thing and my co workers hate her just as much as I do so there’s no problem about proving that meeting happen and my co worker saw the look on her face when I asked her about it and she’s the one that told me she acted weird.   INAL but if I read this correctly, your boss is required by law to give you two pays a month. By not giving you your pay she is breaking the law. (Before I go on I should point out that persuing this will anger your boss and could jeopardize your quality of work if not your job...but if you arent being paid I doubt that matters to you.) Be sure to have proper documentation of all times you worked (including that meeting!) and work out how much you are owed. You can make an inquiry to the franchise head office but be aware that nothing may come of it. I think you're better off pursuing it through legal means. The page I linked has instructions on how to claim unpaid wages a little farther down. I'd give your boss till Friday but let her know if you haven't gotten your pay or a concrete answer by then you will be pursuing this further. So what do u suggest  Actually subway is a bunch of small companies. All the locations are Franchises.  Others have mentioned calling a labor law hotline, which would be a good legal way of going about it, but you may get quicker results by calling HR since Subway is a large company. Thank you I will! This is straight up illegal. Look up a labor violations hotline and call them.  Thanks Payday laws and your right to a timely paycheck.  I’m in Texas what should I look up exactly  Look up labor laws for your state. Sounds illegal that you have not been paid yet. 