 When my boyfriend first started working at the company he currently works for, he he two titles that stratified two departments. Early last year, one of those titles was official removed at his request and they said they would work on finding a replacement. It’s been almost a year and they still have not found a replacement but are forcing him to do the work with zero communication on progress for finding a replacement. There is the added stress that the people that submit requests to him never seem to be able to do their job correctly (direct lack of effort to even try to submit request correctly) and do not reply to any follow up clarifying questions he has for weeks (there is hard evidence of this). Additionally, he just found out that they stopped looking due to high churn in the other department which has been resulting in a higher then average workload. He is coming up on a year of this. Is there anything in Oregon Law that would prevent him from being fired if he chose to decline the work that was officially (on an HR level) removed from his job requirements almost a year ago? Are there any steps that he can take to try to make his situation better? Please note that we are aware that simply leaving the company is an option but I am looking for any potential legal recourse if he chose to stay and simply refuse the work or if there is a way to push back and get the company to stop treating him so dismissively. His employer could fire him for almost any reason at all, or none whatsoever as Oregon is an at-will work state. His options are to leave or deal with it unfortunately. He has no legal recourse for being given a large and stressful work load. If he's under an at-will employment arrangement, then his responsibilities are whatever his boss decides his responsibilities are. There is no Oregon law that says that an employee can't be tasked with unrelated work, too much work, or work that should be someone else's responsibility.  Only if he's in a union or otherwise subject to a contract that overrides the state's presumption of at-will employment. By default, his employer can fire him for refusing work, other than as restricted by health and safety laws, antidiscrimination laws, medical leave laws, or laws protecting uniformed service - none of which cover interdepartmental work generally, and conversely, by default, he can quit if he is unhappy with his employer's workload demands.