 I am part owner (approx 16%) of a bar/live music venue in Georgia, along with 4 other people. 3 other investors and I feel the bar is being mismanaged (we were told on Christmas Eve that we needed $25,000 to pay our payroll taxes and liquor license and only a few days to do so), and are attempting to buy out the principal investor. The principal investor agreed to a buy out of $105,500, and another of the investors promptly made a payment of $30,000 to get the ball rolling. Today, the principal investor is saying that on top of the remaining $70,000, he will need to be paid back the "hundreds of thousands of dollars" he loaned the LLC before he will depart the LLC. This came as a surprise to us, as we would have acted differently knowing that this would be part of the terms of the buyout. Just how screwed are we at this point, and do we have any legal recourse? No I have not. The only money I have parted with has been to buy shares of the LLC. Seems you need to get the answer to that question first. This is really a business issue not a legal issue, but look at your operating agreement (if you have one) or the LLC statutes (if you don’t) to determine the buyout procedure and the LLC’s obligations to the departing member.  Ok well you will need to negotiate. If he loaned the company money, he's fully within his rights to ask for his money back before moving forward with selling his equity. He doesn't even have to sell his equity unless he chooses to. It remains to be seen. This just became an issue within the past 12 hours. This is largely a business decision/negotiation. You might wanna consider the possibility that if this bar is hugely in debt, you may not want to put any more money into it and rather just let it die. I hope you haven't personally guaranteed any loans. Did he, in fact, loan the LLC hundreds of thousands of dollars? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. [removed]