 I’ve worked for this company for over a year. I have had the email for over 10 years that uses the same abbreviation as the company in the address. Today I emailed her with my personal account and she asked if she had the password for it. I told her it was my personal email that I had for over 10 years, so obviously I wasn’t going to provide her with it. She said that because I used the same abbreviation as the company, it represented a threat to “cyber security” and that I needed to terminate my personal email account. I’m obviously floored. Does she have any grounds to demand me to terminate an account? She’ll email it and it will go through instead of a response from the server saying “not valid email address try again” Just tell her you deleted it, how's she going to know? That is true. OP can still be lawfully fired for refusing to acquiesce however.  OP stated that they had the email 10 years and had the job for 1.  That was my thinking on the subject. It doesn’t affect the company’s security.  Did your boss give you any information about how this could possibly be a threat to cyber security? Even if you deleted your account, that doesn’t stop someone else from selecting that address in the future, either at gmail or another provider. I fail to understand how forcing an employee to give up an email address could possibly increase security; it seems like it would make it easier for a malicious 3rd party to acquire the address and use it for potential attacks. Is your boss any kind of security or IT professional? Did she receive this advice from someone in your IT department? Please note, my expertise is more in the data/database arena so I could easily be missing something, but I’m very skeptical that your boss has a legitimate concern. I’m not saying she won’t/can’t fire you, but perhaps you can get her to retract the demand if IT weighs in that there’s no actual benefit. IANAL, but if you owned it before going to work for FCM and the similarity is coincidental, then I'm pretty sure they can pound sand. You obviously did not make it with any reference to them, you never use it to represent the company, and you had it nearly a decade before going to work for them. I’ve had it 9 years before ever being employed with the company. I sent 1 form for a time-off request to the manager with my personal by accident.  Did you make it after starting to work for them, and do you ever use it for work reasons? It sounds like it's not a domain, just an EMail address. Such as her work address might be ASmithPDQ@PDQInc.com, while her GMail might be GetItDonePDQ@somemailservice.com. Different fruit. If she made the address AnneSmithPDQ@PDQInc.com, then the company already owns the email anyway. I'd be interested to know if OP made the address before or after she started working for her employer, how closely resembles a standardized work address (or her work address), and if she ever uses it for work. You can say no. She can fire you.  Unless you're in a union or otherwise under a contract that controls termination, it is absolutely an option.