 Just had a few questions regarding what I am actually able to do. Am I able to form an LLC and protect myself even though I am a minor? Am I able to apply for bank loans? Can minors purchase real-estate? Thanks!   It's my view that no reasonable person would take the chance a real estate purchase contract could be rescinded. Is it your view that the right of a minor to void a contract extends to the right to reverse a completed purchase? No reasonable person would sell a teenager anything of any real value under those circumstances. Not without an adult to put the property's name into. Would you sell property to a teenager who could simply decide to takebacksies anytime in the next few years? No. No reasonable person would do that.  Thanks for the link! Thanks for the response! Id look into starting the business from your home first so that way, on the miraculous chance you are approved for a loan and real estate, you arent out a LOT of money (an understatememt btw) should business be slow or things not work out (which happens, you need to know your market in your area). Go slow, read up on business before you start anything. Im still in the starting phase of my own business a year and a half later and im glad for it because i havent been able to grow business as quickly as i had hoped due to extenuating circumstances (business is there, its my ability to get to them thats keeping me from ploughing ahead)  If they have cash and a lawyer they can make it happen. I'm sure there are wealthy minors who own property, even if they aren't emancipated. Not sure why everyone is saying OP can't form an LLC. In most states, minors can form LLCs but actually running the LLC could be difficult. You would need to have an adult help you to get bank loan. You will have trouble getting someone to sell you property unless one of the LLC members is an adult.  Which means nobody will sell it to them. They can own real estate. They can void the sale contract before 18, but they can own it.  1) No 2) Sure you can apply but you will not get a loan 3) generally a minor can own real estate, so theoretically yes. just plan and save until you are 18 years of age. No, no, and no. Unless you are emancipated no