 I just posted this to /r/AskDocs but maybe someone here can help me as well. I am 37 years old, white, male. No medical conditions or medications. My daughter is 15, white, no medical conditions or medications. Over the last 48 hours my daughter has had 3 separate episodes of headache and nausea that came on suddenly and unexpectedly. This morning as I was driving her to school she said she felt sick to her stomach and said that she now suspected the episodes were coming on after she had drank from a carton of pre-made iced coffee in our refrigerator. She said she had taken a small sip from a glass on her way out the door, and thought she had done the same thing last night. I didn't think much of it until this afternoon when I poured myself a glass. Within 30 minutes I felt an aggressive and acute headache and nausea. I felt dizzy and disoriented and sat down until my wife got home and I told her what was happening. I actually thought I might be having a stroke. I took some ibuprofen and waited out the pain for about an hour and a half or so. Gradually the pain subsided and I got up and came downstairs. My vision was blurry for around 15 minutes or so but that has now cleared up as well. The expiration date on the carton is marked for today, January 4, but it didn't seem like any kind of symptoms caused by something going bad. The nausea I felt really didn't seem like it originated in my stomach but was rather a symptom of the aggressive pain in my head. Could there be some kind of chemical contaminant in the iced coffee? I still have the carton in the refrigerator with some coffee left in it, what should I do with it? Thank you for any help... I'm genuinely confused as to why you mentioned being white. What am I missing? I work at a grocery store. When stuff like this happens and it’s returned to us, it gets sent off to a lab for testing. I believe a few times there has been a recall done on the items. I don’t know if the customer is ever contacted on what the issue was.   Sure, that's possible. It's also possible that you and your daughter are both allergic to an ingredient in the drink. Or it's possible that your symptoms have nothing at all to do with the coffee. If you want to find out whether the coffee is contaminated, you'll need to save the remaining coffee and have a lab run tests. If you are not interested in finding that out and do not want to pursue a claim for damages, you can throw the coffee away. In terms of whether you or your daughter have a viable claim for damages, if both of you have fully recovered and do not suffer any more issues, then the case probably would not be economically viable. Of course, you should consult with a local personal injury attorney. Contact the manufacturer and let them know about it.