 I made an anon for obvious reasons. I think this is the correct thread please let me know if not. I am a 19/f in MI. I make an okay income for someone my age (20k gross/year). My mother makes about 16k. We as a household (add my two siblings, no income) were receiving foodstamps as well as medicaid. When I started my new, higher paying job in September my mother had to add this to her benefits statement. Her benefits were greatly reduced as the household income was now ineligible. We still received medicaid, but only about 20% of the foodstamps. The issue arises in the fact that for this years re enrollment, my mother listed me as a non resident. I received a rejection letter stating as I was not a resident, I was not eligible for medical coverage. I do in fact live here. My mother told me that since all I needed was my birth control, we could just go to PP and get my birth control so I don't need insurance. She seems to not realize that I need insurance no matter what. Can I re-apply stating I am a resident? Will my mother face any legal repercussions if I do this? My work offers insurance coverage, which I am going to pursue however I am currently unaware of if I will be able to afford the copays. I am desperately hoping I can get medicaid to cover me until I can figure out if I can still enroll in my works insurance. TL;DR Mother falsely stated on medicaid application I no longer lived with her. Need to know if I can reapply, and if she will face repercussions if I do. I make 12 an hour, but am full time at 30 hours not 40. My work offers a group plan, which I am looking into! Family owned small business. A lot of bigger businesses do. Small business under 50 employees? Probably not. A few years ago I worked at a local movie chain in MI at $9/hr and they offered full benefits and various 401K plans. Just depends on where you work.  OP's work offers insurance (which may or may not be affordable). And what jobs that pay $10/hour have that? If you can get insurance through your job, definitely do. And don't worry too much about copays right now. Places like Planned Parenthood and county clinics are almost always on a sliding scale for what you can afford.  If you lost insurance it's a qualifying event to enroll in your works insurance.  Your mom is committing welfare fraud because she can't have you living with her if she wants to qualify for benefits. You should either pay her rent or move out.