 Ok, I’m going to explain this the best way I can. We did a contract for deed for our house last May. We dealt only with the sellers, meaning no lenders were used. My parents gifted us the down payment and we went back and forth with the sellers and their lawyer until we were happy with the contract. We had a good rapport with them up until we asked them to pay us back for the property taxes that we paid for a time in which they were still the owners of the home. We were very friendly and professional and my mother (who is the branch manager at a mortgage company) assured us that we were in the “right” to ask for the money. They made it a little difficult and made us feel pretty guilty. But they eventually sent us a check. Now we need their social security number to file taxes. We use turbo tax and in order to get the tax credit for our home, since its seller-financed, we need their social. I totally understand it’s scary giving out your SSN, but everything I’m reading online is saying it’s the way it’s done. It’s my understanding that they will need ours as well for something having to do with interest tax. I sent them a picture of the screen saying we needed their SSN and address and a text explaining. They sent us the address and said “we are not giving out our SSN, it’s not that we don’t trust you, but we don’t give out our SSN freely.” We said that we understood but we can’t go forward with filing our taxes if we don’t have it. She said they will talk to their lawyer, (who happens to be our neighbor, not relevant, just ironic.) So I get it, they want to be sure that it’s legitimate. Here’s the weird thing. When they were planning on moving, they not only sold us our house contract for deed, they sold about 9 other properties that used to be their rentals, contract for deed. Their reasoning was to avoid capital gain. So how have they not run into this with those other owners yet? Something just seems weird. I want to keep the peace because we will obviously be dealing with them for a long time. My mom is going to contact her accountant to ask how they deal with these situations, but they’ll be closed tomorrow for he holiday. The sellers might decide to give us the info, but if they don’t, what’s our best course of action? I am so incredibly horrible at explaining these things. All the home/tax/contract jargon is still pretty new for me so I apologize if this post is unclear or confusing.  A contract for deed is not exactly the same as owner financing. It's very similar, on the surface, but typically the deed is not transferred to you until the home is paid off in a contract for deed scenario. Is the deed currently in your name? Is your contract for deed recorded with the county?