 Backstory My ex husband and I went separate ways in December 2015. He repeatedly said he would help financially if I needed it but when I asked him to purchase specific items necessary for our 3 children he would make up excuses as to why he couldn’t. I kept record of all the days he would actually pick our children up and last year he had them a total of 28 days, I have reached out to him numerous times regarding him getting them but again, would make excuses. After about a year of that I gave up trying to get him involved. But custody isn’t the issue. One night upon calling him (summer of 2016) the conversation broke out into argument after I asked him for help and he flat out said he didn’t have to give me anything unless we went to court. I said ok, I’m done. I’m filing for the child support tonight and hung up. He ended up quitting his job before court and was ordered 475$ for our 3 children. He refused to pay until close to the 90day period of an arrest warrant being issued due to lack of payment and would always send small amounts. He did this up to being 9,000$ behind. Last year after I was sure he was stable I requested an increase to an amount not based on unemployment. I was given a range to choose from based on his income, between 1,150-1,700$. I chose the lowest amount I could accept not wanting to fight about anything or seem greedy. Now the state automatically takes the income out of his checks however he’s close to 11,000$ behind I believe (I haven’t looked in a couple months) but that’s not the problem. The issue I’m having is he’s still rarely involved with our children, consistently posts to social media all his new toys (vehicles, boats etc) nights out partying etc, but is continuously calling me asking me to drop the child support because he can’t afford it and promises to become involved with our kids etc etc. I told him to call the case worker and set up a hearing for a decreased amount and he says he can’t get in touch with the case worker so I told him to request a new one. He’s saying all we have to do is go to the office and both of us sign a waiver and drop it. I have zero interest in this, however I’m curious as to if it can be dropped that way? Can our state mandated child support be waived if both parties agree?  No. The child support is for the child, and no one else. Neither of you can waive that. If he wants a reduction, he needs to apply to have it reduced. However, being he is in the arrears with his payments, he needs to get caught up before he gets himself arrested for it. Can the court do that. I suppose but the court acts in the best interest of the children, not what's makes for an easier life for the parents. I can't see a court deciding it's in the children's best interest to be abandoned financially by one parent so they can live the high life with more toys.  Why? Child support isn’t for you or him. It’s for your children. He can chose his own adventure or grow the hell up and be a father but that child support money is for your children. 