 Hi Reddit, Looking for some advice on what my best options are concerning an impending legal battle involving my father and the state. I'll keep details vague to preserve anonymity. My siblings and I have always had rocky and strained, but cordial, relationship with our father (now retirement age). Our parents divorced 20 years ago and he has since married and divorced again. In addition to a history of mental illness (anxiety and depression) on that side of the family, he has also been an alcoholic for the last 10 years. Following his second divorce, he tried and failed to get clean and was not able to emotionally recover and never bounced back to his full capabilities. I believe he too suffers from a mental health disorder but isn't being treated. Within the last year, he committed a fairly serious illegal act and is being prosecuted for it. He is undeniably guilty of this act. However, my siblings and I aren't certain if this act was done maliciously, in an alcohol-induced stupor, or due to the deterioration of his mental health. It certainly could be a combination of all three. He was cognizant enough to invent a very bad cover story. Again, not sure if this is a bad cover story or if he truly believes his version occurred. He has shut us out of his legal process and insists that we do not worry about it. I am very concerned that his lawyer is not acting strongly enough on his behalf. They are pleading not guilty and have rejected a deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time. What are my options? Is there any action my siblings and I can take to intercede on his behalf? I want him to go to rehab or a medical facility where he can be evaluated and properly treated. Should my siblings and I write a letter to his lawyer and convey our concerns? The prosecutor? I am very concerned about getting him the help he needs within the context of this situation. However, he is saving face and won't let us help him directly. I live a couple of hundred miles away from and I feel helpless regarding my role in this situation. I love him and want to do what I can to make this go as smoothly as it can for him, but also for the peace of mind for my whole family. Thank you. Tl;dr - Father is being prosecuted by the state for a crime for which he is undeniably guilty. He has questionable mental health and a history of alcoholism. He may not have been not fully cognizant of his actions. His lawyer does not seem to be pursuing this route and they are pleading not guilty. Is there anything my family can do to intervene on his behalf as a third party to help mitigate his punishment? Your family may be struggling to find some way, any way, to help your father. And writing the prosecutor may not be a terrible idea. But this should definitely be run through your father's defense attorney so that the efforts are coordinated. Thanks for your response. Those are very fair points. I can't make any headway with my father on the subject and am feeling powerless. Thanks for your response. My concern is that with the non guilty plea they are only pursuing his nvented cover story / lie as to what happened and not acknowledging his very poor mental health.  Thanks for your response. Some family members want to write to the prosecutor. I hope to persuade them otherwise. I will gather my thoughts and reach out to his lawyer.  Agreed. Further for OP, I'm confused on what OP meant by this: If OP wants those defenses raised, not guilty is a good plea, because it will allow them the opportunity to raise those defenses (assuming that's the lawyer strategy). Not sure why they are criticizing it. If you think his attorney is not providing him with the best possible defense, you could try to encourage him to look at other options. But, ultimately, this rests with your father. You could also try speaking with his attorney directly. They may not be willing to comment to you about the case themselves, but you could provide them with additional insight on your father. DO NOT independently speak with the prosecutor, judge, or other court officials on his behalf. You might do so with the best of intentions, but in so doing, you may inadvertently compromise his attorney's defense strategy.   ;dr - Father is being prosecuted by the state for a crime for which he is undeniably guilty. He has questionable mental health and a history of alcoholism. He may not have been not fully cognizant of his actions. His lawyer does not seem to be pursuing this route and they are pleading not guilty. Is there anything my family can do to intervene on his behalf as a third party to help mitigate his punishment? Either you trust the steps your father's lawyer is taking and there's nothing to do, or you don't trust the steps he's taking and you should look into getting him a different lawyer. On any given day in court, 85% of people going to jail have questionable mental health, a history of alcoholism, or may not have been not fully cognizant of their actions. It's not a strong defense.