 My roommate's father is selling a house the family has had for a while. They're very logical science and facts-type people but they've always been wigged out by the house. They've almost called a priest or did an exorcism or a seance or something at one point, but the father ultimately shot it down when he heard that it was something he had to legally disclose. Is that correct? According to this [WoodTV article from 2016](), you don't legally need to disclose if you believe a house is haunted unless asked, is there actually a legal requirement to share the paranormal stuff you've done trying to remove assumed ghosts?  That professor from Cooley Law was exaggerating and mixing the mandatory disclosure law and the form described in [MCL 565-957](http://legislature.mi.gov/doc.aspx?mcl-565-957) with the basic principle of disclosure in good faith, saying "if you ask, somebody has to tell you the truth." Your parents being "wigged out", and their and consideration of calling someone to perform a service that is by definition non-physical, is not a material element affecting the condition of the property. Where statutes or case law exist, it's either for recent deaths in the home or for "notorious" or "stigmatized" properties that have been the site of notorious crimes or acts. There's the very weird Stambovsky v. Ackley case in New York, where there's a house that is considered legally haunted because the previous owners held it out to be haunted, and a court declared that it materially affected the value of the house. I once rented a haunted apartment; upstairs in a 100-year-old lumber baron's mansion on the edge of the cliff overlooking Commencement Bay in Tacoma. When I replaced the missing lightbulbs I found all kinds of wax from candles, and ashes from burned palms, and Madonna votives. The previous tenant had broken the lease, saying she couldn't live there anymore. I also observed the nighttime banging noises, and the floating balls of light that would zip down the hallway. Weird as shit. But not legally relevant. You don't need to disclose a haunted house in Michigan because ghosts aren't real. To my knowledge no state requires disclosure of potential paranormal activity. Only a handful of states require disclosure of a death in the home... Michigan is not one of them.