 I've been on Subutex for about 10 years, because taking Suboxone made me sick. I'm also legally disabled and my GI doctor had agreed that the Subutex was necessary because the side effects I was having from the Suboxone were potentially dangerous with the surgery for my ileostomy that I've had. (Regardless of that even, Suboxone makes me really sick, so switching was just the better option.) I've been going to the same Rite Aid with this same prescription for over 10 years now with no problem. But when I took in my prescription this time, the new head pharmacist said she couldn't fill it. She said there were "new rules" that meant that Subutex was only meant for pregnant women or people with adverse reactions to Suboxone. I explained that having an adverse reaction was why I was on it, and she said she needed my doctor to confirm that that was why I needed it. Throughout our conversation she made a point of mentioning several times that Subutex is much more easily abused and kept hinting that that's why I wanted it. Since me prescription was due to be filled that day, she gave me a prescription of Suboxone in the meantime, and even though it makes me sick I had no other choice but to take it. (Just a note that my mother had talked to the head pharmacist too when she was getting get own prescription filled, and the pharmacist lied right to her face, saying that she had no idea what was going on with the whole situation and that she hadn't spoken to me or my doctor about it. I originally had had an official ticket opened with Rite Aid corporate to talk to the head pharmacist, so it's on record that she lied about not speaking with me.) They (the pharmacy) talked to my doctor's office and were told the same thing, that I have an adverse reaction to the Suboxone, and the pharmacy tech told me that was all they needed. When I called to see if my script was ready to be picked up, the tech said the head pharmacist said she needed something else now, that she wanted a "diagnosis code" from my doctor in order to fill it. There was over a week's worth of back and forth after that, the pharmacy literally lying and saying they left my doctor messages and weren't getting called back, and when I tried talking to the techs about who's policy this was, none of them had any idea. (It seems to just be this specific new head pharmacist who made this "policy" up.) After all the fuss, my doctor was finally able to get a hold of the head pharmacist, so he spoke to her and confirmed why I need it and gave her a diagnosis code. She told him that was all she needed, and they ended their call. Since she had confirmed this with my doctor herself, my doctors office sent my insurance the pre-authorization for the prescription at this point, which was immediately approved. A few days later, I had my monthly appointment with my doctor and spoke to him about it all. He was really upset with the pharmacist for all of this, saying that he's never had to give a diagnosis code to a pharmacy in the 35 years he's been a doctor, but that he had and she agreed it was what she wanted. When I called the pharmacy when I left my appointment to see if the prescription was ready now, another tech said that the head pharmacist once again said she couldn't fill it, this time saying that the diagnosis code was the wrong one. Even though my doctor had said it directly to her - she didn't say a word about it to him, didn't try to call them or me about it, nothing. The tech was very clearly uncomfortable with the whole situation and had no idea what "policy" the pharmacist was referring to. She said there's just a page of notes from the pharmacist about everything and that they made no sense to her. She said the notes said they called my doctor multiple times with no reply, and when she read off the number the pharmacist had written down it wasn't even the right one. My doctor has no missed calls from them during all of this and they aren't sure what they can do at this point since she's very obviously just being difficult based on her own ideas. It feels like she just thinks I'm a junkie looking to abuse my medicine, but I've been on this for 10 years, and I've been clean the entire time. It's embarrassing, and she's made me feel horrible about myself. I can't find another pharmacy since not many carry this medicine, but I don't know what else to do. Taking this Suboxone makes me really sick, I haven't even been able to eat for a few days now - I'm already disabled and deal with digestive problems, but this is making them so much worse. I don't mean to sound dramatic but this has been awful, I can't sleep or eat because I'm so sick and stressed about all of this, and I'm worried about what I will do if I can't get this sorted - I can't keep taking this Suboxone, I feel awful when I do, but if I don't take it I start going through withdrawal. Is there anything I can do about this or is she really just allowed to deny a valid prescription to a disabled person because of her own personal bias? TL;DR Can the new head pharmacist at Rite Aid refuse to fill a valid prescription for a disabled person? (In Pennsylvania - they've filled the same prescription for me for about 10 years - I'm on it because I have an adverse reaction to the alternative option for it.)  To be honest, no one is going to tell you what they have in stock for a controlled substance over the phone, especially since a lot of people are on edge right now due to a shooting that made national news a few days back (pharmacist shot in chest and tech shot in head during a dispute over controlled substances, possible robbery.) In general it's not done for unknown patients because of risk of robbery, fakes, and general problems. Would it be possible for your mother or another family member to make that trip? If someone can go to another pharmacy, explain that you're looking to change, and give them your name/DOB and doctor's name, that would probably be the easiest way. Of all controls, a low dose of subutex with a history of on-time fills through insurance wouldn't be one I'd be concerned about taking - but I would need a day or two to order it once I have the rx in hand. I would try to get it moved before Thursday evening; after that, you'd be looking at getting it Monday. With the added information, I'd definitely move pharmacies; you may just be running into someone who doesn't want to fill controls (this is bad but does happen.) Where's the staff pharmacist in all this? At least 2 pharmacists work any store, and I'm assuming this is the PIC (manager.)  I stand corrected. Sorry for spreading false information. I will delete it right now.  Every word of this is wrong. I'm not sure why my post ended up as an obnoxiously solid wall of text, I did have it separated into paragraphs - not sure what I did wrong there but I tried adding more spaces to try to fix it a bit. I should've added that my mother is on all my HIPAA papers as a party who's allowed access to all my medical information, she's been picking up my prescriptions at Rite Aid for years and I had to give them permission for her a few years ago - not sure if that's a full-on legal thing or just something they did though. For your questions though: the pharmacy called my doctors office and spoke to the other doctor to get the Suboxone (the practice is 2 doctors and the previous month I had seen the other doctor since mine was out of the office. They called the doctor that night right before they closed, so the other doctor gave the okay for the Suboxone so I wouldn't go without medicine for the night.) My prescription is a very low dose that's been the same for about 6 years now, I've never tried to fill it early (I generally fill it later actually) and I'm not aware of any specific sanctions. My doctor has no idea why she's continuing to give me problems. My pre-auth wasn't an issue though because they always have that sent through every 6 months so it doesn't lapse. I know everybody who works at my doctors office though, and I 100% believe them when they tell me that they don't have any missed calls from the pharmacy. Even when they're not in the office, the main receptionist checks their voicemail and missed calls. They've also had problems getting a hold of the head pharmacist, which is also something I've had an issue with as well. I really would love to just go to another pharmacy, but I can't find one that carries my medicine. They don't seem to like to tell you over the phone if they carry medications like that, and unfortunately I'd have to pay for a ride to drive around from pharmacy to pharmacy, and I simply can't afford that. I really appreciate the input on this though, I'm just trying to see what options I might have because this seems so wrong.  This is absolutely legal. The pharmacist has the right to deny filling a prescription. However, if they deny it outright, they need to be able to justify that denial to the Board if there's a complaint - it needs to be for a real clinical reason (something like the dosage is unreasonable; don't feel rx is for legitimate medical purposes; drug interaction.) For what it's worth, asking for a diagnosis code is not unreasonable and is being required now more frequently, both by corporate (Wal-mart in particular, although Walgreens and many chains will require paperwork for high doses) and in some cases by insurances. Insurances and the DEA are both getting more stringent with controlled substances and pharmacies do have to be careful not to run afoul of either. Also, HIPAA means the pharmacist was likely brushing your mom off because they can't discuss it with her. HIPAA concerns mean that they can't talk to your relatives about what's going on with your prescriptions. That's something of a wall of text and some of the delay may well have been caused by the doctor failing to reply; the need for a prior authorization that you mentioned would also likely take several days. Is there a very high dose, history of early fill, prescriber licensure sanction, or anything else that would give someone pause? If the pharmacist legitimately doesn't want to fill it, they're handling this terribly; if that's the case, they should have addressed their concerns with you outright and returned the prescription. Your recourse is likely a corporate complaint to Rite Aid and a Board of Pharmacy complaint, but if the delay is due to the PA + the pharmacist wanting documentation from the doctor's office, I wouldn't expect the latter to go anywhere. Your recourse right now is going to be to take that prescription to another pharmacy to have it filled. I understand that it's super frustrating and that life is getting harder for legitimate patients, but some things here don't add up - the pharmacist couldn't just give you suboxone without a prescription, the doctor shouldn't be upset about having to provide a diagnosis code (and it often does take offices days to return calls!), I'm wondering if the "wrong" diagnosis code has to do with the PA and that was poorly explained (if it's insurance related, it's entirely possible that they took the code verbally and didn't attempt to adjudicate the claim until after they got off the phone)...I honestly think there's a good chance this isn't malicious, just a mess of misunderstanding. The tl;dr of this is going to be that yes, she can deny the fill, in which case you can go elsewhere.  NAL, but the pharmacist could be giving you the run-around on "moral" or "ethical" grounds. BUT, she's supposed to make sure you get your meds somehow. File a complaint with the state pharmacy board.  I do not think that this is legal in any way, shape, or form. As far as I know, a pharmacist cannot deny a valid prescription for a medication unless it interacts with other medications you take. The fact that the lab tech was clearly uncomfortable is definitely a red flag, they generally know their stuff (at least in Canada). I would report this pharmacist ASAP and threaten legal action. 