 There is going to be a lot of information here but I'll do my best to keep it organized. It's a lot to read through but I am 100% fucked and I have nobody to turn to for help. All three warrants were for failure to appear. This is in Colorado. Charge #1 - Back in July, my boyfriend caught a possession charge. At the time he had heroin and Xanax on him, but he is somehow only being charged for the Xanax? He says this is because they can't prove he knew he had the heroin, but I think it's more likely that he lost the heroin in the car, because the last thing he recalls before nodding off to sleep and waking up to cops, was looking for his dope. He also found some stray heroin in the car a week or so later. My boyfriend has never missed a court date, in this or any other state, despite having been a criminal in his youth and declared a menace to society by a judge in his home state. He was PR bonded for this case, received two arraignments, and the court date that he missed, for the first charge, was meant to be his sentencing date. He missed it because we do not have transportation. Not an excuse, but we couldn't afford to pay $100 there and $100 back. We simply didn't have that money. After being PR bonded on this charge, he went and got approved for medicaid and signed up for a Suboxone program, which took nearly a month to be put into place. Since then he has not touched heroin even once, has gotten and held a job as a painter in an autobody shop, takes his medication as prescribed or less, pays rent, and abides by the law. This is a big step from the homeless drug addict he had been when he caught the charge. He had been offered two years probation, and he was able to get them to grant possible early termination. Charge #2 - The second charge is a DUI. After he was put on Suboxone, I had to drive to the next state over, and he came with. I was unrealistically tired and couldn't keep my eyes open, so he was driving. He inevitably got tired after driving for hours while I slept next to him, and he pulled into the parking lot of a building near the side of the highway. He took the keys out of the ignition and went to sleep, in the driver's seat. Cops came knockin, and insisted he was drunk. They pulled him out of REM sleep and expected him to be 100% alert. They took him to the station, took his blood, and released him when it came back clean. They are still trying to push this DUI on him. He was on Suboxone, which states on the bottle to take caution when driving, but does not say to avoid driving altogether. After he caught this charge, he asked his doctor, and his doctor said that the fine print of the "take caution" warning means to pull over and rest if you feel drowsy. Which is exactly what he did. He tried COUNTLESS times to call his public defender to see if she could represent him in requesting an arraignment so he had more time to figure out a ride to court. He called twice a day every day, left a message every time, and even went into her office multiple times. She never called him back and was never in the office, how convenient. Charge #3 - Possession of drug paraphernalia. I was pulled over for driving in a sketchy area, I guess, on a two-lane, two-way road with no shoulder. I continued to drive until I got to a gas station that was in sight, and pulled into the parking lot. Cop didn't like that, and asked me immediately why I did it. I explained very calmly that I have the legal right to wait to pull over until I feel I'm in a safe zone. Cops were much more interested in pursuing my boyfriend than me, and so I didn't consent to a search. They conducted the search without my permission, and found unused syringes that we just hadn't gotten around to getting rid of after he'd been put on Subs. Being part of the needle exchange program meant he was allowed to have clean or dirty needles on him, as long as they were safely contained (no drugs in them, kept in a biohazard box and whatnot) without catching a paraphernalia charge. The cops told him they were going to charge him for it. He said they couldn't charge him because he was in the program, and he proceeded to tell them the personalized identification pin that they give you. The cop wouldn't allow us to retrieve the card from the exchange program, and chose to ignore that my boyfriend knew his pin and that it was in the proper format and ratio of letters:numbers. The cop then sent us on our way without giving him a ticket or a court date. I thought the driver/owner of the vehicle (both of which are me) were the ones who got fucked if someone else had drugs/paraphernalia in their car? So why did they go full force into him? Why won't they just lay the fuck off? Anyway, I have never been a user of intravenous drugs, but I went and got myself registered at the needle exchange so that if I was caught with any of my boyfriend's rigs, I'd be in the clear. About three weeks later we called the courthouse associated with where the charge took place, and they said they saw nothing regarding his name or any charges. We called two weeks later and they said the same thing. We figured if the cop didn't give us a ticket or a court date, maybe he just wouldn't admit he couldn't fuck with us and never took the time to fill out all the paperwork? He had no record of any police contact in that county at all. I called to get details on his arrest today, which is when I found out about the third warrant. My suspicion is that the cop neglected to file a bunch of shit until, like, a day before the court date. Just a guess tho. Today, while being picked up on the aforementioned failure to appear warrants, he was gifted with two fresh charges. One for posession of a controlled substance, which I can only assume is his prescribed Suboxone. The only clues I have are in the bag of stuff that his co-painter dropped off after he was arrested. The following is what I have gathered must have happened in the moments before today's arrest. Little to none of it is relevant to the black-and-white of the court process. My boyfriend was meant to go to the dispensary today. The police followed him from the gas station, I know this because his coworker told me, where he was buying cigarettes. I know this because he always buys cigarettes on lunch, and because the bag I was given contained one unopened pack of smokes and a pack with only one left. The bag also contained $29. A 20, a 5, and four 1s. If he pulled out $40 from the ATM anticipating his trip to the dispensary, and bought the cheap pack of cigarettes for $5 (this brand is often, like, 4.98 after tax.), this leaves him at $6 remaining. A 2mg Xanax bar in this state costs anywhere from $6-$8 on average. Klonopin is easier to find and is also cheaper. One could get two Klonopin for $6 - and he has gotten benzos before while he was out and about, and made sure to bring one back for me. (only because he had to sleep overnight at the greyhound station in order to pick up his prescription one time.) Otherwise I have no idea where the other $6 could have gone, and the missing $6 is the only thing that makes me suspect that maybe he met a guy at the gas station who sold him a bar. I'm thinking he hopefully bought lunch with it? But usually he just buys a couple $1 frozen burritos. If he bought Xanax, he probably ate at least half of it on his walk back to the shop. If he bought Klonopin, he probably ate one and had the other on him. If neither one happened -- which is most likely -- the cops chose to pin him with a charge for a drug he is prescribed, because they technically can. According to the other painter, my boyfriend came into the shop and cops came in almost right after him and asked who just walked in. Then they went and spoke with him and I assume he tried to give them a fake name, because I guess he has a charge for misleading the law or something. I think he popped up on the radar after his ID (from out of state) was mailed to him at his work address, and for some reason, has his work address printed onto the ID where his home address ought to be. It is a FL issued ID with a CO address on it. His employer put his info in the system right away. He was gonna lose his job if he didn't provide them with an ID to put in their system. SO THE POINT IS: He has court tomorrow at 8am for the new charges which took place in this county, but all other charges took place in other counties. I plan on showing up with his (empty) prescription bottle and some pay stubs to show how long he's been with his current employer. Am I able to speak to the public defender before the court session? Sometimes there are multiple, how do I know which one will handle his case? This particular courthouse holds the jailbirds in a room below the court room and they appear via Skype on a screen. I feel like this takes some kind of direct influence away from me, but I don't know how exactly. We weren't able to pay the phone bill this time around, so he can't even call me. I had my mom call the jail for me and she said they told her court was at the jail? Is that something they do when they hold weekend bond hearings, as a means to not have to open the entire courthouse? Any advice or constructive comments regarding anything written here would be greatly appreciated. As for specifics; what else could I bring and what could I say to help my boyfriend's case tomorrow morning? Do you find that a judge gives a shit if a person has loved ones who support them enough to come in for their hearing, or not typically? Additionally, what can I do to help him in the individual cases above? It feels like we're being crushed under the weight of three very serious crimes, when only one of them was actually committed. I'm trying to get a bail bondsman in motion, having borrowed money, but I have nothing of value to give them if they require surety other than the cash plus your signature. The most valuable thing here is my computer, and it's worth about $150-$200. Any tips regarding bondsmen is appreciated as well, as I've never had to use one before. If anyone took the time to read all of this, thank you, from the bottom of my heart. I'm fucking suffocating and have nobody to even bounce ideas off of. instead of downvoting me can someone actually explain to me how it works? like jesus christ if im wrong about something please just tell me.  yes but they said he only has two bonds, the rest is awaiting PR. those May be the current warrant amounts but reading your post it sounds like he’s got two more charges and each of those are also going to get a bond, he’s well past the days of OR One of the cases is already awaiting PR bond, the other two have $1k bonds and a bondsman said it would total out to $350 to get him out. If he’s on FTA on multiple cases unfortunately don’t expect him to be bonding out any time soon. FTA and picking up new charges while already out on bond are big red flags to the court. 