 This is my first post in this sub reddit, but in light of recent events I’m no longer a lurker. I recently worked for a Virtual Reality arcade, mind you this is a minimum wage job. I want to explain this situation in full, so you can see if I’m liable for this. I worked a shift last Saturday, my boss called me about 15 mins before I worked to let me know a whole party was waiting for me... over 20+ people. I told him I was on my way and that I’d arrive by 12:00. Shortly after I pulled into work, so did my co-worker (owners son) I went to the front door to unlock it and my key was no where to be found on my key ring... so I frantically searched everywhere and couldn’t find it. I apologized profusely to the customers and told them I’m doing everything I can do to fix the situation. I eventually got a hold of another co-worker who had a key and they came and unlocked it. It was about 12:35 when the doors were opened and it took me about 5 minutes to turn everything on and what not. After everything was said and done, the party had a great time and I tried to make their experience great. My boss had mentioned that he didn’t tell the customer a station was broken beforehand, yet charged them full price. He offered me to let them know about the comp (I didn’t) I went and fixed the broken station and then offered the customer the suggested comp for getting started later (I even added time to their slots at that moment) I had the customer sign a sheet when they agreed to the suggested comp, so I thought all was well. A few days later I’m assigned to another shift, I had a high grade fever and was asking co-workers on our conversation app called Sling? No one would help me so I told him I can’t work and that I needed to quit the job because of other reasons. He said to put up a sign saying inclement weather, I did. Now today, I wake up to a text saying he’s taking almost 500 dollars from me because I have to pay half of the time for customer comp which is like 275 dollars PLUS 4 hours of VR time which is about 150 value... Now the customer and I had already agreed and talked about this... 50 dollars and 2 hours VR time. He was being very nasty to me and harassing me when I called him asking him why I’m paying out money for a compensation when I never agreed to it. What do I do? Am I actually liable for something HE told them ? However, I woke up today from a text from my boss stating that Thanks for taking the time to read the whole thing, I quit and I never agreed to pay for things out of pocket (it’s a minimum wage job) I can’t really afford to comp anything let alone 500 dollars worth. I told him that it’s illegal and he said he’s looking into it, we will see... No, it's not legal for him to deduct something from your paycheck except as court-ordered or agreed to by you. So no. If you hadn't already resigned, he'd be fully within his rights to fire you if he thought you gave a customer more compensation than you were authorized to give, but it seems like that's moot at this point. 