 i'm 31, female, from florida. so this is bizarre and i'm not sure what to do about it (if anything) and am looking for a little advice. i'm usually good at reading into scams but what this guy 'wants' isn't very clear. this morning i posted a pic to my instagram and i had a guy comment on there that he needed me to snap him, it was important. his page looked legit but i didn't know who he was, so i added him to my snap to see what was up. i am linking the convo because it is a bit long and confusing. at one point he called me on snapchat and i answered just to see what he wanted and he sounded foreign and very young. he kept insisting on seeing my breasts and claims he was going to kill himself if i didn't comply. i should note that i post pictures on adult websites (think fetlife and AFF) but i am not a cam girl or some sex worker or anything of that nature. i have a son who this man mentions a few times in the convo. what the hell do you do in a situation like this?? is this a regular type scam? should i just pretend this never happened? btw i numbered the snapchats cause this guys thoughts are everywhere. (on and just fyi, the guy he claims have nudes of me and more dirt on me is from moscow, so take that however you want.) thanks for any help you can give me! TL;DR - man messaged me on snapchat threatening to kill himself if i did not send nudes. need advice. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Does Not Contain A Clear Legal Question Or Is Difficult To Understand Your post does not appear to contain a legal question - or if it does, it's unclear what it is. Or your post is difficult to read or understand. Please edit your post to ask a clear and concise legal question or questions. Focusing on proper use of Reddit markup tags, paragraphs, sentences, proper spelling and coherent thoughts. Message the moderators after your edit for review. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/LegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment. Not a scam, just a desperate pervert. Block and ignore. thank you, i did that earlier today :) No the Daniel that is borderline harassing you. Block them so they can’t contact you, if for some reason it goes beyond that, contact the police and have them figure out who he is and put a restraining order on him. That’s not normal behavior  Yes, you. Block him. Don't have private conversations with strangers. It's a scam. who, me? Ignore that person 