 Fraud/Money Laundering. Was part of a scam and I allowed bad money into my bank account. So I stupidly got myself involved in an online scam and had someone send me money, which I then transferred to my bank account. The scammer then told me to buy gift cards and send them back. I researched and found out this was a scam and possibly fraud/money laundering. I called the bank immediately and reported the deposit as fraudulent. I did not spend ANY of the money before I reported it. I believed this money to be a legitimate gift until I found out otherwise, after it entered my bank account. MY QUESTION IS: Will I still face punishment for (unknowingly) allowing fraud money/possible money laundering to enter my bank account, even if I reported it to the bank? Again, I spent $0 and reported the transaction to the bank hours after the deposit actually hit into my account. (I know the law doesn’t share my logic, but my reasoning is that I have come across criminal activity and reported it as a dutiful citizen, instead of sending it back and ignoring it or participating by spending the money. Is this correct for me to assume? I did not file a police report, only reported it to the bank.) Just call Texas state or city you are in. Tell them what happened and you just want to do your I s, cross your T s. If you don't want to press charges tell them that too  Hmm how would you recommend I go about telling the police? I’ve never had to file a police report and the card address is in Oklahoma, but I live in Texas. (So which state one should I tell, if it even matters which one) You will be fine, nothing in the law says you can be locked up for being fooled by a scam. I would tell the police just to show another record and keep you safe in any other instance, like if the scammers are caught some may try to get you involved and indict you on a slip up. I'm sure you hear lawyers running for office bragging about indictments, most of them aren't puppy killers and meth dealers next to the elementary school. just cover your rear. someone tried to do it to my family. You’re good.  No you’ll be fine. Same thing happened to me and the money was just taken out of my account 