 I moved from Maryland to New York City. Where I now live, I don't need a vehicle and don't have any good place to park it even if I needed it. So I got a New York driver's license as required, handed in my Maryland driver's license, but left my old vehicle still registered in Maryland parked on a relative's property in my old town. I use it when visiting friends and family back for a weekend; it's more convenient than renting a car. The problem is that the registration renewal is due soon and Maryland MVA still has my own old address on file (not my relative's address where the car is parked). So if I just pay the fee online and they mail me the new registration card and stickers, I don't have a way to receive them. So, questions. Is what I am doing even legal? Can your vehicle be registered in a different state from your driver's license? (I don't drive it in the state of my driver's license.) Can I change my address on file with the Maryland MVA to my relative's address, without accidentally getting a replacement Maryland driver's license issued to me? I absolutely don't want to violate the law by accidentally having licenses from two states. Do I have any options besides registering the vehicle in New York state (don't want to do that, parking and insurance are crazy expensive)? For example, can I legally sell it it Maryland before registration expires even though my address on file is wrong and I actually live out of state? This is an off-topic aside, but does your insurer know that you do not have custody and control of the vehicle? I have a similar situation, and my insurer insisted on rating anyone who will be driving the vehicle since it is in not in my custody. As far as I remember there was just a single address. Do you remember, did you change your residential address or just the mailing address? Thanks. I tried to figure out how to do it online, but it wasn't clear, and it seemed that I might end up with a second license mailed to me which I really don't want. I will call them tomorrow morning. You should be able to change your registration address and then renew your registration. The proper action is to keep the vehicle registered in Maryland if that's where it's primarily garaged and driven. Looking online it appears you can't renew online if your address has changed. I would call the DMV during business hours and ask them how to proceed. I can't speak for the specific state combination, but when I moved to Ohio the California DMV was quite happy to update my registration mailing address to my Ohio address and kept it that way for several years (until I got rid of the car and we'll after I got an Ohio drives license). Insurance company was al perfectly OK with the arrangement. I also imagine the situation isn't that unusal with company-owned vehicles, etc. Where the address billing/registration is sent to isn't where the car actually "lives" etc. 