 I work for a company who pays their reps on a commission-only draw structure. Recently, this company has started forcing openers to come in 30 minutes early to do work before their shift (inventory, cleaning, etc.). Since we are 100% commission and they pay us on a draw system (they pay us an “hourly” rate to sustain us, but we pay it ALL back out of our commissions), is it legal for them to force us to come in early when we have zero opportunity to make money during those 30 minutes? We are required to clock in for those 30 minutes, so it does in fact hurt what we take home on commissions. Granted, I’m usually 20+ minutes early to every shift I work. I just genuinely don’t like being forced to come in this early and essentially work for free. When giving advice on state labor laws, I’ll add that I do live in Tennessee.  Thank you! OK, that is helpful. IANAL, however am a payroll and benefits professional. Retail sales workers can be paid on a 100% commission basis and made exempt from overtime so long as the following conditions are met: - you are employed by a retail or service establishment - your total pay exceeds 1.5x minimum wage for every week in which you work more than 40 hours - more than half of your earnings in a representative period come from commissions (this would be the case if you are paid on a draw basis, as well since you indicate they claim back all that time when they calculate your payment) As far as state law goes, Tennessee appears to follow the federal rules when it comes to overtime and exemptions for this class of employee. It's very common in most retail businesses that I am aware of for employers to require their employees (regardless of how paid) to engage themselves with tasks other than sales for some portion of the day, such as cleaning, drawer balancing, restocking, etc. As long as your wages are still correct under the applicable rules, this practice is legal. That doesn't necessarily make it right or fair, and if your coworkers are also feeling financially hurt by this practice, you may be able to work with them to negotiate with your employer for a change in the policy if everyone is on the same side. Your employer is essentially considering the commission you earn fair compensation for all the hours they ask you to work. If they have changed the policy to require you to work more hours for the same amount of commission opportunity, they have effectively reduced your pay unless there's a way for you to make it up. Asking for a slight increase in the commission rate might be one tactic to go with, or asking for the "opening" duties to be split equally between "openers" and "closers" (15 minutes at the end of the day when the store closes and 15 minutes at the beginning of the day before it opens might be fair, for example) to lessen the burden might also be worth trying.  It is retail. I can answer any additional questions, I’m just not sure what other information I’d need to provide  Information about the type of industry you are in would allow people to give better info on this. It sounds like retail based on your description, but there are rules that apply to paying employees on a commission basis that vary by industry. 