 Hello, I hope this is the right sub for this. My friend is going to have an elective surgery that he doesn’t unite have the money for at the moment, but is necessary for his quality of life. I would like to loan him the money, and would like to make sure that we do it in the most cost effective way. If I give him a personal loan for this medical procedure, that he would be able to use his HSA to pay for if it had the money to cover it, would he legally be able to pay me back through his HSA account throughout the year? The way our HSA works is that we can take withdrawals without going through any procedures, so I want to make sure it would be legal. Thank you, this has been very helpful! I will also be calling our HSA tomorrow to get their input, and possibly a tax professional. You're conflating a couple of different questions. 1) Is a medical expenditure paid with borrowed funds eligible for HSA reimbursement? Sure, no question. You can pay for an office visit with a rewards credit card then reimburse yourself via check from the HSA, 100% acceptable. 2) Can you reimburse yourself from your HSA in a tax year after you pay the expense? Again no issue; this is a commonly recommended method of getting some tax-free cash flow in retirement. The reimbursed expenditure has to be an eligible expense in the year of reimbursement; this was an issue when bandaids stopped being eligible. 3) Can you reimburse yourself from your HSA for an expenditure that was inccurred before the HSA was funded? This is a less clear question. IMHO as long as you have HDHP insurance AND have established an HSA account at the time the expenditure was inccurred, you're probably okay. 4) Are the payments you make to the lender qualified medical expenses? Nope. The payment to the doctor is what generates the qualified medical expense. 5) What about having the payments to the lender come directly out of the HSA, rather than the HSA sending you a check and you paying the lender? Not fatal, but the HSA custodian may decline to do so, and it increases the odds that your explanation to the IRS, should they ever question it, will be inartfully phrased, leading them to assess taxes and penalties. If he's generally a competent, tax-savvy person, there's a chance it will come out fine. If he has a competent tax preparer who understands and blesses the whole deal up front, it'll 100% come out fine. If he does his own return and figures the software probably did it right, and the IRS ever questions it, it's likely to go poorly. (This is generally the case for any sort of complicated but permissible planning scheme. Explaining things so that the IRS concludes you did it right is an art.) True for FSA money. HSA money is yours, and you can take it out for anything. You true up on your tax return, and pay tax plus penalty on any distributions that aren't "qualified." This is a question for the HSA, as they are ultimately the ones who will decide what is an appropriate expense.