 So recently I have been applying for jobs on indeed. I applied to a job and received this email; “Here are some instructions for your attention : We have offered you an opportunity and hope to have 100% of your loyalty and co-operation.Test of your loyalty,honesty and sincerity will be carried out from time to time.Your quick response to mails and effectiveness in discharge of your duties will be required and I urge you to be as focus as you can and always work according to instructions. Every month,we engage in a corporate social responsibility by catering for needs of foster homes across the States.There are list of items to be gotten this month and you will be responsible for purchasing the items at any nearest store around you and mailing them out to the foster homes. Please note that a check will be sent to you which will be used to funds the purchase of items for the foster homes and your sign on Bonus which is totally different from your weekly pay. I will get back to you with more information including the tracking number of the check payment once mailed to you. Please re-confirm the name and address to avoid any loss or misplacement of check payment.” I sent a reply email saying my name and address were correct. I then got another and it seemed super sketchy due to wages and what they were asking me to so I stopped replying.. I then got another email saying: “Hello How are you doing today?Below are the details of the check which is your FIRST TASK and due for delivery to you via USPS Courier Service today Tuesday 19th February 2019...You can have it monitor through(USPS.COM) Below is the Check Details: Tracking Number: Amount: $3,580.90 DEDUCTIONS: $350 for yourself which is not part of your week pay but your Sign On Bonus,you will receive your pay next weekend after done with your First Task.. $30 for gas $3000 will be sent to the Matron of the foster homes You are to get check Deposited in your bank account,it will clear under 24 hours.However,Once the Check clears,you are to deduct the above and the Matron Information will be provided as soon as you have the check cleared so you can have funds sent across and they can get needed stuffs.. You are to send me a copy of the deposit slip once you make the deposit into your account today.I'll be waiting to hear from you so we can move on to the next assignment and kindly acknowledge the receipt of this email,Enjoy your day. Email and text me ASAP to confirm you received this notification and to confirm your readiness. Best Regards, Knorz Pham Relationship Executive Bluegrass Dairy Food LLC Copyright 2019®” I ignored it then got a text from the guy! Saying “Got update of check delivery to you,kindly update me regards its status,has deposit been made for funds to be available?Await your update” I replied that I was not doing it and he said “I already felt i had you set for this position..can you kindly go ahead with the task even if not willing to have position anymore?” WHAT SHOULD I DO? Go to police? Just ignore it? I haven’t gotten the check despite it saying I have but still worried. Is this a scam, or money laundering? Or do I have nothing to worry about 😭 I have been ignoring it.. but worried if I could legally be in trouble.  So cease all contact with them and block their number. Report it to indeed. And know that NO legitimate job would send you a check and ask you to save some of it for your pay and send the rest to someone else or to purchase something (like gift cards)  You’re in no legal trouble. Yes I know, I was just worried I could be legally in trouble. I wasn’t gonna cash the check if it ever came.  No contact info other than address and number as that was already in indeed  The check is fake, it will bounce after you deposit and withdraw the funds, and you’ll be left holding the bag with a negative bank balance. Just cease all contact and move on. No legitimate job will ever ask you to do something like this. This is fraud. Did you provide anything more beyond your address? You can report it, but do not cash the check. It will come back returned. I would suggest reporting it on the job site. As long as you didn’t cash the check, there is no need for you to report it to the police.  It’s a 419 scam. Just ignore it and block the number. 