 Hi folks. I posted a while back about a difficult situation with a girlfriend I was living with. At time time, I was told that since she's on the lease with me, I didn't have much choice but to move out and break the lease or put up with it. Since then, things have changed. The other guy she was seeing learned where we lived, and started showing up at my apartment at all hours of the day and night. She stated at that time she wanted nothing to do with him and to be left alone. After considerable effort, we got a no-trespassing order filed against him through the landlord, effective on the entire property instead of just my unit (as it would have if I'd filed it myself). That was a few weeks ago. The girlfriend landed a job in a nearby town a week later. Given how strained things had become between us, I suggested it might be a good time for her to start looking for an apartment in this other town. That night, she grabbed a few belongings and left, saying she'd stay with her parents for the time being instead of endure the awkwardness at the apartment. That was fine by me. I learn later from her parents that this was yet another lie, and she'd gone back to this other guy she'd been seeing. I was understandably upset about being lied to and the effort we went through with this guy being undone, and told her via message that I was through being generous and patient, and wanted the key returned and the rest of her belongings removed ASAP. At this point she is no longer responding to my messages. I've emailed my landlord and explained the situation; that she has gone back to the guy who threatened us and that we filed a no-trespassing order against. That she still has a key, is staying with him, meaning he has access to a key to my home. That makes me very uncomfortable. At this point, I simply want the key returned and her belongings removed. I'm hoping that given her disregard for my safety and the safety of other tenants, the landlord can remove her from the lease. Hoping some folks here could offer additional guidance or anything else I can do to get this person to end this matter, or if I have any rights now or in the future as to what I can do with her stuff. Thank you. That's a good idea. Thank you. I'm not confident in my ability to stay emotionally detached. I think I'm going to see what my landlord has to say, and possibly talk to an attorney here. I appreciate the advice a lot. Even if you don’t have a documented agreement, a court is likely to still find her responsible for some portion of the rent. If she paid in the past, that’s a good indication of what she owes going forward. If you do try another communication, I would dial down the hostility. Keep it all business—she’s on the hook for rent until she agrees to a release and returns the keys, she owes you her share of the rent and utilities, she still has pets here—and propose a resasonable solution. For example, ask her to agree to sign off from the lease and vacate by x date in exchange for relieving her for any responsibility for past rent and utilities.  It definitely became hostile. Suing for back rent would be great but I'd imagine I'd need some sort of documentation of an original payment agreement and what she did give me, which I don't have. I guess I'll have to see if the landlord can do anything. She does have a terrarium with a couple geckos here, I could send a message reminding her that I'm certainly not going to take care of them in her absence, so she'd better pick them up soon. It sounds like your communications became hostile, so it is not surprising she stopped responding. You might see if the landlord will be willing to contact her with a compromise proposal. You can also sue her for her share of the rent and utilities. Can’t say if that will lead to the result you want.  Given the fact that she won't reply, isn't staying there or contributing to bills, and this other guy who threatened me is now able to get into my apartment, I still have no other recourse?  If she is on the lease with you then she has just as much right as you to occupy the apartment. She can’t be removed from the lease without her agreement. She does not have to surrender her key until the lease term is up. 