 I work at a convience store that sells lottery tickets like Powerball, Mega Millions, ect. If a customer wants a quick pick (where your numbers are picked randomly for you) we are suposed go to the machine, tell it to print the ticket and charge the customer. The problem is that if mistakes are made, the employee who printed the ticket is responsible to buy it anyways. I can understand paying for your own mistakes but we are to pay when the customer tells us the wrong thing (says draws, instead of number of tickets, tells us the dollar amount they wanna spend instead of number of tickets), also when the machine misreads a ticket they have filled out correctly. Is this legal? -employer makes employees pay for lottery tickets that are miss-printed and miss-ordered in Wisconsin. At some businesses that sell lottery tickets, I have seen mistakes set out on a counter so that other people can buy them. The idea is that it might be a winner and it would be a shame if that one won and no one actually bought it. I wonder if your boss would be OK with doing that. I work in PA, we used to be able to cancel tickets, however the lottery started this new dumb replay feature and took away the ability to cancel tickets period. When the printer jams and eats a ticket, there is some way to get credit for it, but i dont know if it's a similar process for mistakes. PA here, We could cancel tickets shortly after printing but it was a huge headache. But for ones we didn't cancel, it was also always on the employee who did it to pay for it. I talked my management into only taking pre filled out play vouchers(Wasn't so much as talked them into it as hey we're gonna do this now so the only person who can make a mistake is the customer and we can stick it to them for paying it) They look like this, Can slip it into the machine and it'll print out exactly what it say. Thankfully now we got fully automated vending machines so I just tell people "Sorry you have to use the vending machine!" I feel your pain. Additionally, both the PowerBall and Mega Millions have slips that can be filled out (most often used an the purchaser buys their own numbers). To help prevent this situation from occurring, you could institute a rule forcing all people wishing to buy quick picks to fill out their own card marking the quick pick option. In a past job, I used to save any slips printed erroneously and use them for the next person to come through wanting that certain type of quick pick. \---- As for whether then can be cancelled, per the Wisconsin Lottery: "A Wisconsin Lottery ticket cannot be voided; once printed there is no way to cancel it. Please be sure to check your ticket carefully after purchasing to make sure it is what you requested." -- []() There is probably a way to cancel the tickets within a set amount of time, maybe 5-10 minutes. At least that was the case when I was in Florida. If you can’t find the option on your own, try calling the lottery commission’s help line. The number should be somewhere near the machine. Ask them how to cancel a ticket. If there’s still no way, ask for their advice on your specific situation, I’m sure they wouldn’t be happy about forced sales of the tickets.  Put up sign that says “NO VERBAL BETS! ONLY WRITTEN LOTTO NUMBERS ACCEPTED!” 