 Hey all, I live in Indiana, so does the Videographer. Essentially the story goes as follows: If all goes as planned and is smooth I will be getting married on May 23rd 2020. My fiance and I have both been busting our behinds so that we can retain a photographer, DJ, videographer, and venue way in advance so that we aren't left scrambling a few months before the wedding. A friend of ours pointed us in the direction of one of his buddies who does videography for mainly music videos, and shows. So my fiance got ahold of him over three weeks ago to see if videoing a wedding would be something he'd entertain. Long story short he agreed. On February 1st we decided to drop $100.00 to reserve our date, with no contract. Fast forward two weeks and we still owed an additional 150.00 to finish the deposit. We had some trouble wiring the money to him so we waited a few days. This isnt too pertinent but I might as well add it in; last night (02/18/2019) he is consistently bugging my fiance over the money and asking to receive it, even as much as asking us on a split second notice to withdraw money out of an atm and drive almost two counties east and leave the money in his mailbox. The demands kept growing more and more odd so we decided mutually that we were not comfortable dealing with him anymore, so my fiance told him this and asked if we could possibly get the money back we had already deposited. I guess he must have been dirt broke because he said he was depending on our other half of the deposit to pay his landlord (not really my problem nor business). He went on about how his contract is basically the gold standard for those in his industry, the only problem is that: 1- his contract claims no refunds if cancellation is within 60 days before event (we hadn't even paid the full deposit and gave an over one year notice) 2- we never signed the contract as we didnt deposit the whole amount My fiance gave him the " well have to settle this in court then" talk and the guy basically folded and said he'd get the money to us March 1st. So if I had to pursue this in court, which i really hope it's not going to come down to that due to how expensive a lawyer would be, would the text that he would return 100.00 to us by March 1st be enough for a winning case? Or do things become complicated due to us not signing the contract in advance?  It’s only $100. Chalk it up to a loss if he won’t return it. It’ll cost more of your time, effort and court fees to attempt to collect it. You have over a year to find another individual. Just chalk it up as a learning experience + wedding costs. Also, I wouldn’t pay anyone for your wedding plans unless it’s a bonafide item such as table sets, dress, etc or the venue. Too much can happen that you have a chance to lose out. Paying a photographer a deposit a couple months for the wedding means you are way more likely to receive their services opposed to paying them well over a year in advance. lol... I can promise you he’s not filming music videos. he sounds pretty unprofessional. However it’s typical that initial deposits are non-refundable. I’m not sure the $100 is worth your time given how long it will likely take to return, IF that even happens in a small claims court situation. The fact that there was no contract that was signed isn’t a positive for you both.  This isn’t lawyer territory. If anything, it would be small claims court. Yes, you may have a good case to present to the judge, but is $100 really worth it? If you took him to court, you’re looking of a filing fee of at least half that amount. This guy is probably living hand-to-mouth and the money is likely already gone. Even if you did win, you’re probably not going to collect on the judgment. 