 Hi everyone, A few nights ago my apartment complex’s towing service towed my vehicle because from the covered parking spot that I lease from them. I have already gotten the car back, and I have complained to management about it. They informed me that they towed my car because there was no parking sticker visible. The problem with that is that I read the lease and no where in the parking addendum or the community guidelines does it mention needing a sticker to park in the spot, however they did send an email at one point that says “vehicles parked in covered parking will be subject to immediate towing at the owner’s expense.” I have argued that they need to deduct the tow fees ($300) from my rent, but they said it was my fault and I was responsible for the cost. While it is not in the lease, which I thought was the legal ground so to speak, it has been communicated, but again there was no guarantee I received that information since it was just in an email and I didn’t sign it, like the lease. So here’s my question; do I have any legal ground to stand on to say that it was an illegal tow since those guidelines are not in the lease? TL;DR Apartment complex towed my car from my covered spot because it didn’t have a sticker, but the lease doesn’t mention requiring a parking sticker. Apartment complex is refusing to deduct the towing from my rent, do I have any legal ground? I would get an attorney. If they’re doing this to you, chances are there are more instances of fraud going on in that apartment business.  I think you're probably right on this but you can't deduct it from your rent. If they won't budge, you cannot force their hand by any mean other than taking them to court, though a well worded demand letter may do the trick. The best letter would come from an attorney, but the fact that the amount requested is $300 likely renders that option cost prohibitive. Here goes some guidance about writing an effective demand letter : Note that a sample is included at the bottom. If you are able to come to a satisfactory agreement with your LL, be sure to get it in writing. Here is a ton of resources if you choose to go the small claims route :  The only mention in the lease is that I am “entitled to the exclusive possession of spot 56” 56 being my spot. No mention of a parking sticker. They took my license plate information when we moved in, so they had that on record. The lease mentions that unauthorized parking in these spots is subject to immediate towing, but the apartment complex did have the license plate of the vehicle in question. There is no mention of a parking sticker  What does your lease say about the spot you had it parked in?