 This is the second package that amazon has delivered to my neighbor. I can match his door to the delivery picture. I went over to his house about 10 minutes after the package was delivered and it was gone. I rand the doorbell a couple of times and knocked. I can hear him moving around but he never answered the door. I know this is Amazon’s fault and they are replacing the package but he is basically refusing to give me my package. Is there anything I can do outside of getting amazon to replace it? Call the police — this is likely your only recourse. Maybe certified letter with picture, and request for package? Altho seems like it could be argued that if Amazon is replacing item that the missing package is actually Amazons problem as Amazon appears to be making OP whole. If Amazon is replacing the packages it makes OP whole so what would he be suing for?  Amazon will often replace the packages at no cost - many other delivery/online stores will not. If these addresses are that easily confused, he may have this problem again - only next time with a company that will not resend the item for free, and without the benefit of delivery photographs. He has the evidence, and the right, to resolve this permanently so why in the world wouldn't he? Your neighbor has proven himself to be an asshole, and I would recommend that you stop inviting him over for tea and cookies. But why would you choose to pursue this? You aren't harmed here, only Amazon is, and if your neighbor were to become obsessed with getting some sort of revenge on you, you would still have to live near him. Let sleeping dogs lie, especially if they are vicious dogs. Since you have photographic evidence, why not see what the police say? You could take him to small claims for the value of the packages. He can ignore the doorbell without consequence but not a subpoena. I think if you've only been over once you need to give him another chance and go over again another time. He might have been doing something where he couldn't or was to embarrassed to open the door that very second. Alternatively leave a note with your number asking him to text you when it's convenient for you to collect it. I’d take a picture of the box on his porch to his front door, but that’s just me.  You can notify the police and request they 'preserve the peace' whike you retrieve the package. Show them the photo of the door. You could ask the police to pay him a visit when they have time. Expect he will report he knows nothing about anything and you are harassing him and trespassing.,