 My grandma is legally blind and has dementia. Her decline has been pretty rapid. She was staying in an assisted living home for awhile. I’m pretty ignorant on legal jargon and things of this nature. But after my grandma was in the assisted living place for a year my mom became owner of her, her assets (Home and car), and all of her and my late grandfather’s finances. My mom used my grandmas money to do a 30,000$ renovation on my mom’s home so she could move grandma in. The renovation made a little apartment for her with a handicap bathroom. My mom uses my grandma’s credit card for the entire family’s groceries. And I’m pretty sure she uses it for herself as well (shopping trips). My mom is so mean to my grandma. I understand caring for grandma is tough, and can get frustrating at times, but mom made the decision to care for grandma. Mom went away for a trip to Florida for 9 days and asked me to watch grandma. So I did, since I’m recently graduated and have no job yet. She wants to pay me as a caretaker so she can get money from the government? Not sure how all this works, again, I’m stupid when it comes to stuff like this. She said if she spends x amount of money on grandmas care then the gov. gives her x amount a month. Caring for my grandma this week has opened up my eyes to the conditions she lives in. My mom has a lot of animals. My step-father and brother ignore when the dogs pee on the floor. They only mop if they think company is coming. They constantly feed grandma donuts and ice cream to shut her up. I’m worried that this diet will really hurt her down the road. I told my mom I was angry w/ her because she told me I wouldn’t have to help grandma wipe herself before I agreed to watch her. When I got there she peed on the the floor twice and I had to wipe her twice. I had to wipe her in the shower too. When I called and told mom this she said, “I never do that, she’s just being spoiled.” That really worries me that she’s not getting cleaned like she needs to be. Yesterday I went to change the sheets and no one new where a second fitted sheet was. This worries me that her sheets aren’t regularly being changed. There is a hired caretaker at my moms house to watch grandma right now, to give me a break for a few hours. When I went to say goodbye to grandma and give her a kiss she didn’t move. She stared, unresponsive, with a blank expression and open mouth. I thought she was dead. Then she started breathing again. No one in my family knows cpr or anything to keep a human alive while help is on the way. I think she really needs to be in a professional facility where people can clean her and medically care for her. My siblings and cousins all agree that grandma staying at mom’s house is a bad idea. Please, is there anything I can do to help my grandma?  You can make the report to APS and they’ll evaluate whether or not it’s grounds for an investigation. It can’t hurt to file a report. [source (aps)](http://www.napsa-now.org/get-help/how-aps-helps/)  I’m worried that they’ll just ship her off somewhere without us having a say to where she goes. Do you think I even have enough evidence to report her?  Im pretty sure you can report this to authorities and have them help your grandma get away from her abusive daughter. 