 When I was in college a few years ago I had completely consensual sex with a professor. We both ran into each other at a neighborhood bar and we had both already been drinking. We ended up hooking up and then let it go and basically pretended it never happened. I was not coerced and it did not effect my grades or class experience. I recently told my boyfriend about it and he completely freaked out. He says I couldn’t legally consent because he was my professor and I was drunk. He wants to report my professor, but I obviously think he’s acting ridiculous. If my boyfriend were to report the professor without me, what could the consequences be? Your boyfriend sounds upset you slept with the guy if you ask me, and if he chooses to report it against your wish then that's more of a r/relationship_advice thing. With that being said, yes he might get fired if your boyfriend reports it to his place of work. As far as legally speaking, he didn't rape you. Rape by coercion doesn't mean that sleeping with anyone in place of power over you equals rape like he thinks, so a good advice would be for him to stop watching too much tv. Same thing for being drunk. You can legally consent while being drunk as long as you are aware of what's happening. The issue comes when you are almost passed out I would just tell him to drop it or you are going to drop him, and if the police show up you are going to tell them the truth and that he was fully aware of what happened when he made a false report.  He's angry about you having sex with a previous partner and wants to punish both of you. Really, this is more of a relationship problem than a legal problem. You absolutely need to break up with him, in my view. Go torment to the police, let him down then tell the police that is bullshit and it was consensual and your boyfriend just needed to vent. They will have a laugh and let you go. It’s not your responsibility to calm him down. His reaction to a (as far as you have stated) consensual past sexual encounter is inappropriate, and his belief that it’s his business to report it is wildly inappropriate.  Your boyfriend is willing to take a mans job and possibly ruin him from being able to find another one. There are many red flags for his need to control your sex life this way. You should disassociate from this person. Sounds like your boyfriend's ego was hurt and he's trying to get you to punish the man that he feels cuckholded him. No he can't. Because he is mad and possibly slightly jealous that you admitted to having sex with your former professor. Some guys are insecure about their girlfriend/partner having former sexual partners or more sexual experience than themselves. He is attempting to rationalize what you told him and his solution is to believe that your professor 'raped' you. It may be a good idea to try to calmly talk to him about the possibility that what you told him caused him to feel insecure and, if it did, you can try to talk through the issues that he has. Seems like some drama oriented story brought up by chicks to get a rise out of a boyfriend then revel in the drama. If he files a report and they investigate, and you say it was consensual, then that's likely the end of it. And maybe have boyfriend open today's newspaper to see what happens to people who file false police reports. Legally anyone can report anything to anyone generally speaking. The police won't care because no laws have been broken. The odds that the police investigating a report about someone being too drunk to consent from anyone other than that person are less than 1%. If the police call you just say you weren't that drunk and that's the end of it. If the university calls you, you could either 1) Lie (That's what I would do, I think it is totally ethical to lie about your sex life if strangers ask) and just say "I don't know what my idiot boyfriend is talking about", or 2) Just generally refuse to cooperate "It's none of your business who I have slept with, go away". You should also dump your boyfriend, it's super unhealthy to fixate on people who your partner has hooked up with in the past. Because he does not respect your choices and bodily autonomy, and is trying to “save” you by threatening to do something you don’t want. I know this is LA and not relationship advice but I would nope the fuck out of there real quick.  As well as a power trip of wanting to save you, it's also possible he's insecure and thinks that you couldn't possibly have chosen to be with the professor and that's why you couldn't consent. He probably would have similar reaction about any ex you might have. Because he doesn't care about your feelings about this. He boosts his ego by "rescuing" you even though you do not need rescuing. He knows better that you. He will take care of this for you so you don't need to worry your pretty little head about it. Which is why you should carefully consider whether you want to continue to be in a relationship with someone who thinks this way. Who knows? But it's not about you. He's not actually listening to you. I worked at a rape crisis center for a while and the process once the police were involved was pretty grueling. It's not something to demand someone else do, it takes a lot of work to keep up with and a pretty draining process. We always made sure to let clients know it was up to them how to proceed with the police, and let them take the lead.  This guy is a classic white knight, which should raise other concerns for you. I don’t see why he would react like this though You understand that he is not doing this out of concern for you, but for his own reasons. If he was concerned about you being raped, he would listen to how you want to proceed and not insist it be handled his way.  You can't stop him from reporting it and him refusing to respect your views on this is a problem for a different forum but yes, if the police contacted you and you told them that nothing non-consensual happened that investigation would most likely go no where. If he reported it to the school that may still cause problems for the prof regardless of consent.  I’m definitely going to do anything I can to get him to calm down. The professor was fantastic at his job and I’d feel horrible if he lost his job over something so stupid.  The police might contact you, at which point you can say that you were an adult (assuming you were), and you were not too drunk to consent, which you did, without coercion. Without a victim, it won't go any farther than that. Also, tell the boyfriend that if he does this without your permission, you'll dump his ass, which you should, because he is a control freak who doesn't listen to you. I think both? He mentioned both. He seemed super pissed at the professor and when I tried to calm him down he didn’t listen at all. The chance that a DA will prosecute rape/sexual assault that the victim says from the beginning was consensual is 0. Report the professor to who? The college he works at? The police? I was 20 at the time. It was against University rules. My boyfriend is saying that it’s rape because it was “coercion” because he was in a position of power over me, but it really wasn’t coercion at all and I would say that. Anyone can make a police report, the officer who takes the report may or may not do anything based on it. As you were over the age of consent there is nothing illegal about you having sex with a college professor, even if it might appear to be an issue of undue influence (its almost certainly against university policy, but that’s a separate issue). Nor does you being drunk likely mean much. Just being drunk doesn’t mean you are unable to consent. If you were unconscious that would be one thing, if you were clearly so intoxicated that you didn’t understand what you were doing and any reasonable person who intersected with you would understand that it might even be a close call, but drunken sex on its own isn’t rape. If your boyfriend makes a report the officers might ask to talk to you and the professor or they might not. If they do you are free to refuse to talk to them, as is the professor. If he reports it to the school its more likely they will look into it, but again, if you don’t want to talk to them you don’t have to. let’s be real most actual rapists face no consequences your prof will be fine The police could come talk to you, and you would deny it, and the police would drop the case. More problematic (at least for the prof) would be if the boyfriend reported him to the school. Try telling the bf to quit his white knight act, and that if you wanted it reported you're perfectly capable of reporting it yourself. It's not really his business.  You were an adult when that occurred? It almost surely violates the ethical rules associated with his job but it sounds like you're saying it was consensual so it's generally not illegal. If your bf reports it then it is possible that nothing will happen or it is possible that the professor will lose his job and generally be blacklisted from working in academia. 