 I own 5 acres and am preparing for an inevitable power grid attack by an EMP or solar storm. I would like to mount firearms in discrete locations so they will kill trespassers and have them controlled by mechanical switches. I'm also considering building giant tesla coils @ 1200 volts designed to kill anything within distance. There has been a time where a police officer tresspased on my property due to a complaint neighbor's were making about me. It is now impossible to access the property, but I still want extra precautions. I thought about putting up a sign warning police officers they will die if they enter the property and must serve me with a warrant and give me two hours to disable traps to spare their lives, but this seems like unwanted attention. Is this in anyway illegal? I wouldn't want to kill any cops, but if they break the law and enter my property without a warrant i think they deserve it. Thank you. Troll. Removed.  Shit that’s on you bro It's just as illegal when the power is off as it is when the power is on.  'm also considering building giant tesla coils @ 1200 volts designed to kill anything within distance. Not with the power grid off, you aren't. 's were making about me. A peace officer entering your property in the course of their duties is, by definition, not trespassing, as they have authorization (from the state) to be there. This is what we call "evidence to support intent." It is illegal to threaten peace officers (or, really, anyone) with death if they don't do what you want. Your underlying mistake is that believing that freehold tenancy is absolute ownership of land. It's not. Your use of "your" property is subject to the rule of law and subordinate to the State of Washington's interest in that land, and as such is limited and abrogated in a number of ways. It's hard to imagine how society could function, otherwise, other than in a state of near-perpetual warfare. Damn. I guess i could just have it wired up and ready to go for when SHTF, and mount the firearms then. Doing any of these things will land you safely in jail where you belong. “Designed to kill anything within distance...is this illegal?” Hmm let me look that one up.... How are you planning on powering them after an EMP? Pretty sure that it is illegal to have traps on your property that could kill someone. Everything you mentionned is super-duper illegal. Everything.