 I recently went on Wellbutrin for anxiety and today, in front of other people, my boss told me I was shaking too much and to stop taking it. Does this count as a hostile work environment? It seems to me she is t making a reasonable accommodation for my condition, as the law requires. Any advice would be appreciated, thanks! wellbutrin gave me a couple of days of jittery/bouncing off the walls/almost mania when I first started taking it but then it settled down and worked amazingly. this is a good life lesson. never tell anyone at work anything about your personal life, no matter how harmless it might seem at the time.  For the record - this isn’t true. Sharing with your boss in one context didn’t give the right to share in all other contexts.  This is a good way to learn that your medical information is none of your bosses business and is generally best kept private  That's a very different thing from how it reads. If the medications are legal and don't negatively affect your work performance, she can't ask you to stop taking them. She can get over any distaste for the shaking, because your wellbeing is more important. Why does your boss know what meds you’re taking? If he knows your medical issues and health status, you’ve probably forfeited any expectation of privacy. This shakiness will most likely subside after OP has adjusted to the dosage.  wellbutrin was terrible for me, doesn't mean it won't work for them. Give it a few weeks. Personally, I found zoloft and Quetiapine more useful for anxiety/panic It's probably not even jitteryness - most people will get some amount of plain old physical tremors even at lower doses. Annoying but worth it IMO. You have gotten some good advice on the legal side that you should follow. Just a heads up, Wellbutrin does sometimes make people jittery at higher doses. You may want to check with your doc about dialing back the dose if you are having bad side effects. None of this absolves your biss from her actions, but something to think about. Thanks for the advice! For what it's worth, I read it the same way the first time: "My boss wants me to take my meds in private," not "my boss wants me not to take my meds and doesn't care who knows." Ok. Well your boss cannot forbid you from taking your prescription medicine. In the future, unless you need an accommodation, your medical conditions are none of your employer’s business. Now that it has come up your employer should know that you have a medical condition and this is your necessary accommodation for it. This is not , as described, a hostile work environment.   [No.]() She mentioned one day that she is on antidepressants and we just started talking about it. And this is why modifier placement is important. In any event, the rest is the same. You need to have a disability and you need to formally request an accommodation. Why does your boss know you’re on medication? I didn’t take the meds in front of people, she asked me to stop taking them altogether, while we were in front of people. To get a reasonable accommodation you have to have a disability, and you have to go through the process at your workplace to request it. Asking you to take your meds in private, if that is possible, is not especially unreasonable. An employer cannot forbid you from taking medication, nor fire you for it, in general. If your condition is affecting your work performance, that could be a problem though. You speak of reasonable accomodations, but you need to ask for them. Hostile Work Environment is a legal term of art and contrary to popular belief, it does not mean that the workplace was hostile in the colloquial sense. Rather, it refers to a pattern of discrimination or harassment as a result of an employee's membership in a protected class. Please see [this link from the EEOC](http://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/harassment.cfm) to better understand the advice you may receive. The majority of situations that many consider a hostile work environment do not meet that definition legally. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.