 My ex wife passed away from cancer 4 yrs ago. Together we had three children. (Current ages: 30F, 22M, 13M) When the kids were young, I was a shadow of my true self. I was agitated constantly from the kids being a handful, my wife's disease, my wife's personality itself, and my job. I acted very aggressive to my family rather than just get a divorce and leave. The police made me go to the psych ward shortly after she died and I found out I was experiencing psychosis. I have had my own medical problems over the past 4 years that were expensive to fix. I don't want to be the dad from hell to my sons like my daughter characterizes me as, and she don't want to speak to me ever again. It was in everyone's best interest to let my youngest son who was still a little boy at the time to live with his big brother. I signed everything he wanted me to for being a foster parent, legal guardian, etc, and I gave them money. This was not a court order and no judge was involved. It was an agreement we came to. He acted like that was enough. He had my ex wife's parents and my daughter to feed my younger son and provide child care while he was in trade school. But instead he turned around and had the state of Illinois sue me for child support. He verbally said he would drop the case, but as I found, he didn't. Like I said, I was disabled and deep in medical debts at the time. I found a much better job in Dallas, TX and moved there. My sons didn't like that I was dating women after their mom died and became bitter with me. I could have gotten a court order to have my youngest to come live with me effective immediately, but once again, I'm not the guy who uses legal services to backhand my family. But my son once again opened the child support case and the court claimed a default judgment. I did not pay a cent but instead sent him a letter that he needs to put my youngest on a plane to Dallas immediately if he has money troubles, and I stopped picking up his phone calls so he couldn't continue to make excuses and lie to me. 2 years passed since I sent that letter, and I never got any apology nor did he send my son back to me. I got remarried, my wife is pregnant, and I'm still paying my medical debt and credit card debt. I don't have the money to send him thousands of dollars to satisfy his greed. So he calls me and starts acting arrogant, and he said, "I want to adopt my baby brother, and I will get the state of Illinois to terminate your parental rights to do it if you don't agree." I told him once again that if he's broke, he can send his brother to live with me in Texas. He was insisting that he wants to adopt instead of doing that. I told him no and hung up, but with how he has acted in the past, he will find attorneys and a judge to give him what he wants. What is the purpose of adopting a family member like this? I've never heard of that. Does he get money, or is it just to symbolically say I no longer exist? If it is just symbolic I am fine just giving him what he wants, I'm a shitty dad anyway. But I can't afford him suing me until I'm on the streets if that's what he can legally do after an adoption. Can I counter his motion with one to have my son come and live with me in Texas? I've suggested that so many times that I could have him charged with kidnapping for not putting him on a plane yet. My wife is much nicer than their mom was and they have a baby sister on the way but won't give her a chance. Sweet Ok Whatever this drivel is, don't offer it here again. Comment removed.  TL;DR : how do I rid myself of financially responsibility Just because other people are bad, does not excuse us from being good. He is a saint in the sense that he feels that one universal law. Im currently crying almost daily over that stupid little rule that won’t leave my soul alone, fuck but it’s a tough one. I just wanted to say this in case OP can see it, I know you had no choice in what to do. People will say you had a choice, but you probably don’t feel like you had/have one. I just wanted to say that you have made some others feel a little less lonely and a little more motivated to carry on instead of die from wishing everyone would just carry their own damn responsibilities so others didn’t have to. Couldn't agree more. As a Texan, I’d prefer it if you’d leave immediately.  Jesus that older son is a fuckin saint Yup! I misunderstood. Thanks! Eldest son is raising youngest son - not eldest child. Eldest child is 30F, as in female, as in daughter not son. He phrased it kinda weirdly tbh so it's an easy thing to overlook Wait what? The 30year old son is raising the 13 year old son.  He should charge you with child neglect Your 22 year old son is raising your 13 year old son and you think them wanting their legally due child support payments from you is "greed"? You would do well to educate yourself on your legal obligations as a parent. In doing so, you will also likely gain a greater understanding of what the legal outcome of allowing your older son adopt your younger son. From what you have written, it's actually a wonderfully generous plan that is everyone's best interest... or at least in your and your younger son's best interests. Its a lot of responsibility for a 22 year old, but good for him for stepping up. Oh my god dude, I hope this is a troll. Your son isn't the one ordering you to pay child support. It's the state. He can't just drop the case. He got some kind of tax benefit or social service, and you're on the hook for it because you are the parent. If you want your son(s) to live with you and get back on good terms, it's a relationship advice question, not legal advice. They're both old enough to decide where they want to live for themselves. You should have made a motion a long time ago to have your minor son join you in Texas if that's what you wanted. Or at the very least stayed in close contact. Now they can argue in court that you moved away and abandoned them because you didn't want to be a parent. To answer your question, it is not symbolic. It establishes a legal permanency in their relationship as parent and child, much like marriage is for a romantic relationship. That in itself won't put you in more debt unless you fight it and lose (attorney fees), but it also won't get rid of the debt you have. Whether or not your minor son gets adopted, there are things your children could sue you for such as abuse if the statute of limitations has not passed. But allowing adoption in and of itself will not result in a civil suit against you. If you don't want your son to be adopted, find an attorney. You are unlikely to win given what you said, but there is a chance if you can show you are a more capable parent than your other children. The other route you can take is to reconcile with your family. My non legal advice if you want to do that: Move back to Illinois. Apologize to everyone. Be in your childrens' lives. Seek family therapy to resolve your differences. You're not going to be able to force your 13 year old son to move to Texas when you've barely contacted him in the last two years according to your story. He is allowed to refuse at that age, and given he hasn't called you himself, he probably will refuse. Kids become extremely aware of what others think of them around age 10-12, and you've communicated that you hate him. Imagine if your father did that while you were young and vulnerable. He's going to believe the narrative that you only want him there to for money while the family members who love him are all the way back in Illinois. That's not a recipe for an environment where a teen would feel safe and happy. It's not the complete end of the world for you if you really want to make things right, but you need to move back to within driving distance of them and file for visitation first of all, not the other way around. NAL: I am writing this from the perspective of someone who came from a broken home: 1.) If you had a standing child support order, you are on the hook for that money. You need to contact an attorney to resolve this and work out a payment plan to get caught up. 2.) If your son is seeking adoption of his younger brother, it basically removes any and all parental rights you would otherwise have. It would, from a legal stance, make him your oldest sons child in terms of legal responsibility. 3.) Its not "satisfying his greed", its meeting your legal obligations as defined by the state. He might have applied for state benefits in terms of medical care, child support, food stamps, etc. and tried to circumvent going after you, and the state likely said no way, which is why there is a standing child support order. 4.) Your children from your previous marriage do not owe the one from your current marriage a chance. In summation here, you owe your son child support for taking care of his little brother. A responsibility which is far beyond what should have ever been asked of him. You are that boys father, the least you can do is oblige the child support order and not be a complete scum bag. Personally, I believe the relationship with your previous kids are not salvageable in the least. The least you could do is pay the child support order and call it a day. File bankruptcy on the debts if you have to, but at least cash your eldest son out, sign the adoption papers and call it a day. The only people you are making it hard on right now is them, and eventually yourself by not obliging. Sure, you could fight for custody of your youngest son, but you will still have to deal with the child support order, and whatever legal proceedings are past due from failure to pay on said child support. If you really want to do whats best for those kids, pay the child support, sign the adoption and move on.  Your 18 year old son took in his 9 year old brother and has been caring for him without your help for the past 4 years. You have a much better job, have remarried and your new wife is pregnant. Despite this you have not paid any child support or even visited your minor son. I think it is reasonable to assume that your older son wishes to adopt the younger son to guarantee that you can't suddenly show up and disrupt your younger son's life. Whether or not that might entitle them to more government benefits is hard to say without knowing their specific circumstances. The previous judgment for child support will not change. You will still owe that and any sums that continue to accrue. Generally, you would not continue to owe additional child support payments after the date of the adoption.   't continue to make excuses and lie to me. This is not a good sentence for you. If a court ordered you to do something, you need to do it. Likely you will still and always be liable for that money. And this attitude likely will assist him in declaring that you have abandoned the child. You can try, but I almost guess 1st thing a judge asks you is why didn't you move for this long ago? And why have you been contemptous towards this court's orders? 've suggested that so many times that I could have him charged with kidnapping for not putting him on a plane yet. No. If he had a support order, the State has already deemed him a proper and legal guardian. You could've been charged for a false report.  You're not in a position to charge him with kidnapping and given that he's been taking care of your kid for years seemingly without any support from you it's beyond insulting for you to suggest that. If there is a child support order in place right now he most likely has some form of custody that would prevent you from simply demanding the child back. If an adoption takes place then he becomes the child's legal father and your rights and responsibilities cease. That means you won't have to keep paying child support although it won't necessarily erase the debt you've accrued so far. 