 Hey all. First time posting over here. \[This got longer than anticipated, thanks for sticking with me\] I work for a very small company (less than 25 employees) and had an opportunity to go to a training in January that would make me technically qualified to do the job I've been doing since November. I'd learned a lot fumbling through, but I really wanted to get certified so I could be more legit and know more about how the process works, not just what happens here. The training was about an hour and a half away, two full days and one half day from Tuesday-Thursday. Boss and I don't quite see eye to eye on how management styles and emotional control, he has an awful temper and yells a lot. His motto seems to be criticize in public, loudly and frequently, praise never. We had had a particularly bad afternoon one January day and I had left feeling very trapped and upset about my job. Back story: moved to this small tiny town with my FH for an excellent job opportunity for him. I may be able to get another job at some point, and would gladly take on something with higher pay and less responsibility but the opportunities are really throwing themselves at me. There is a factory being built that I have my eye on... I got hooked up with this job/Boss through a mutual friend and he "did me the great favor" of hiring me. I've only been here six months and want to at least \try\ and make it work before jumping ship. It pays more than minimum wage and the perks are convenient. So back to the story... we had the bad day, he yelled a lot, I went home and cried to FH who urged me to keep looking at other employment opportunities. Forever the hard headed optimist I said I wanted to try and talk to him first before putting in notice. So the next day we had a great talk. We got some stuff off our chests, cleared the air a bit and he offered to send me to the training. I felt like it went really well. He even mentioned paying for my gas and mileage and food while I was there. He said to keep the receipts and we'd even it out later. Cool. He emailed me verification of the training which at that point was in three weeks and we were good to go. There was no formal contract mentioned or signed. He said it wasn't too far and I could just drive in and home every day. Being new-ish to this area I didn't fully comprehend that driving there and back each day was not entirely feasible for me for about a week. Maybe for Boss it was, he grew up in these mountains, but the time and added stress to each day was starting to worry me. My dad urged me to get a hotel and it wasn't a hard sell. I went to Boss the next day and asked for him to pay for the hotel. He agreed. The training was over two weeks away. The week before the training arrived. I asked Boss on Tuesday if he had reservations yet. One week out. He said he'd forgotten and he'd do it later. Now it's Friday. I ask again. Forgot again. Will do it tomorrow. Saturday comes around. He sees me and says "oh shit the hotel I'll do it right now." Monday comes. It's the week of the training. I'm to leave tomorrow. I asked him if he could email me the verification of the hotel reservations and he says "Oh dammit I'm going to just do it right now." (it is not unlike him to forget things and need many, many reminders.) He books the hotel room with his business credit card and there is a booking fee added on for late booking. The cost per night is also about $60 higher than when I had originally looked, over two weeks prior. But whatever, not my money. Training goes great, I pass with flying colours, I bring all my new knowledge and wisdom back to work and for the first time in weeks feel like maybe I can actually do this and things start to turn around. I never asked him for a reimbursement on gas or food, that all came out of my pocket. Two weeks ago the secretary went on vacation and I had to do her entire job AND my entire job for and entire week. Boss was kind enough to go ahead and pay the company bills for me one day (one out of a potential 4 but that's okay, he helped!) and one of the bills he paid was the business credit card. Now when we log that expense into our accounting software we divvy up the dollar amounts into different categories, advertising, office, owner draw, fuel, ect...ect... so the tax man and take appropriately. Boss mentioned he had paid the bills for me. I said "thank you! that helped so much I saw that" he said he had paid the business credit card and entered all the splits for the payments because he "knows what a pain in the ass it can be" I agreed. He went on to say "that's the bill that your training was on, and the hotel" a pause "still waiting to get reimbursed for that too by the way." at that moment my phone rang and I was called away from my desk and THANK GOODNESS I was because I could've fainted at that comment. My current plan is NEVER mention it ever again, and if he does, I will lose my actual shit. SO MY QUESTION: does he have an legal recourse to getting reimbursed and how do I get out of it if he does? it infuriates me that he would pay for something he expected reimbursement for without explicit acknowledging it. Also, I've never been sent off to a training fully funded by my employer without signing a legally binding contract first. I thought maybe I was dodging a bullet here (not committing myself to time/money into the company) but I might have shot myself in the ass. Even by typing all this out I am realizing my NEED for a different job is getting too undeniable, so any comments of "just quit" / "fuck that guy" will likely be ignored. I need to know if i'm on the hook for that hotel money or not. And most definitely fuck that guy.  Thanks for your input! I need to figure out my big picture goals if it does come to ultimatums  No. These were expenses to perform your job. If those were to paid by you, then that clearly needed to be stated upfront - so you could have booked a hotel within your budget and not spend an extra 60 booking fee. He can say reimburse or you're fired. He can fire you if you tell him to pound sand. 