 My girlfriend and I bought a 2000 Honda Accord for her first car. We swapped cash for the title earlier today, and she drove the Honda one last time to pick up her new vehicle in Vermont, when both of us live in Massachusetts, then her and her husband were going to deliver the Honda to us. On the way back after she picked up her new vehicle the police pulled her over. She had dealer plates for the Honda, and the Vermont police wouldn’t honor those plates, nor would they let her drive the new car back to her house, so they towed both. She just texted me, and I’m wondering if I have to pay for the Honda to get out, and how the hell do I even get it out now? I don’t have proof of insurance, because I have never driven the car, and I bought it 12 hours ago on a Sunday. And how is it legal for them to tow the car she just bought when she was driving it home? Since I live in Ohio, I can't say if it applies in your state, but if you insure another vehicle, you may have insurance automatically for a certain amount of time. Here it is 30 days but I know it is only 10 in another state. Your insurer will give you something to take with you to the lot if you have to prove insurance coverage to get it out of impound. If you don't already have a car with coverage but have a title, you should be able to get a policy with the information from the title even if it's not yet registered. That policy has an odd name because it's pending until you get it registered. I wouldn't toss out any small claims court action yet, either. It's probably not going to be that expensive to file and $300 is a lot of money to just shrug off. You may decide it's not worth the energy, but I would give it a few days and make the decision with a clearer head. Not a Lawyer. Take a look at Small Claims before you make a final decision - it's usually cheap and designed to operate without lawyers in most states (some of 'em actually bar lawyers). You probably have a year or two to send 'em a demand letter and file, so no need to worry about it immediately while you're still stressed out and dealing with this. But yeah, a lot of the time it's sadly not worth it. Just enough to mess up your week or month, not enough to be worth pushing through. I think the steps you need to do are: insurance, switch title and registration for your new Honda Accord, inform insurance of new plates for the car, get the car from the tow company, inform seller she owes you money for the tow company, small claims court. Alternatively: bring the signed old title to the tow company, get it towed to a place you can keep it off-street until you get the new title and registration, get insurance, switch title and registration, inform insurance of new plates for the car, inform seller she owes you money for the tow company, small claims court. For future reference, sale of a car (without loans) is simplest when three things are all present in the same space: money, title, and car. Then you get the insurance, then you drive the car to the DMV with the old title and proof of insurance in hand, and switch the title and do the registration.  I think I’m just gonna bite the bullet and pay the 300 or so dollars to get it out. Sucks because it’s now a 1200$ money pit, but you can’t put a price on not having a huge fucking stress over your head because you’re going through a law suit to get a third of what I make in a week. Thanks for the advice man Apologies for any confusion, but you might want to edit your original post if neither you nor your girlfriend were driving, because it seems like you're probably getting advice on that assumption from more than me. In this case, you probably need to pay the fees to mitigate your damages, but you can ask them to pay you back, and sue them in small claims if they don't pay. They may not have the option to get the car out (no title), and if you don't take action you may not be able to reclaim the full amount from them. This is the story the seller told you? Has she shown you any proof this is what really happened? It could be a scam. You could contact your insurance company and insure it now, if you have the VIN.  Also, I didn’t sign anything besides the title, I never have touched the car besides to make sure it runs and drives, she was the one driving, she got pulled over, she got it impounded, she crossed state boarders, she just said she would bring me the car. How was I supposed to know she never insured or registered the car before she offered that? I didn’t drive it at all though? I bought it from them and got the title and then they drove it illegally to get another car. If she had ever insured or registered the car this wouldn’t have happened, I had no intent on ever driving it at all until it was 100% legit.  Not a Lawyer. This is 100% on you. You drove the car illegally, and now you're paying the price. Unless you signed a contract that they were responsible for transporting the car, that's your problem - you chose to move it illegally.  Yes. You can pay to get the car out yourself, then sue the individual for that amount of money to make you whole again. If I wasn’t driving it is there any way I can make the person who was pay for the car to be moved, and I would just get an interstate transit permit for the Honda and drive it home? I bought the car, then the person I bought it from got it impounded. It seems kinda unfair I’m just SOL.  You don't drive it home. You pay to have it towed home, lest you risk being ticketed/towed again. How do I even drive the Honda home? If they pulled her over already why wouldn’t they just do it again the 2nd time we try to cross state lines?