 What are the legal ramifications of this? Questions at the bottom of the post. Some context: ———————————————————— My friend is a 17 year old who had lived in California and went to high school here his whole life. In August his parents told him and his sisters that they will be taken to Yemen for 6 months, the reason being the father wants to keep them out of the country while he sells the house and start a new business. Of course, this would entail not being able to continue high school. My friend and his sisters were very much against the idea. He was coming up on his last year of high school, his sisters in kindergarten, elementary, and middle school. Regardless, his parents took them to Yemen against their will. Now they are stuck Yemen, unable to continue their education. To add onto this, his parents informed him and his sisters that they will be staying in Yemen for 6 months, but would later inform them (upon arriving in Yemen) that it would be more than a year, the earliest possibility of returning to the States being September. However, the parents take vacations across the Middle East (Egypt, for example), as well as the father returning to the United States for business reasons, and will actually be heading back to America soon on vacation for a wedding for a whole MONTH, but not taking the children with them on any of these trips and rather, keeping them in Yemen. The parents have refused to allow the children to return to the United States. It has been 6 months since they have been moved, and the parents are still continuously forcing the children into Islamic education and religion. The parents have threatened my friend that he will not return to America until he gets an arranged marriage. The nearest airport is 10 hours away and a multitude of checkpoints that would likely prevent him from even reaching it, thus having no real way of getting back to America without his parents. The house is not even on the market yet and his father has not yet started anything with a new business. ———————————————————— For the sake of him and his friends back home, we have some questions: 1) Was there anything to be done about the situation prior to going to Yemen? Could he and his sisters have simply refused? 2) Should they eventually return to the States, can action be taken against the parents? 3) Should the parents somehow agree to allow them to visits the United States again, can anything be done to keep the children in America?  1) he’s already in Yemen “Now they are stuck Yemen, unable to continue their education.” 2) you’d have to have a petition filed prior to them leaving. Which would be hard since the conducted alleged to be abuse is happening in another country, meaning (given what we know) there wouldn’t have been basis for jurisdiction in the state of origin prior to their departure.  If they investigate before he leaves, they might. CPS isn’t going to have any jurisdiction in another country if the kid has been removed before a dependency case has been initiated.  Contact is a little shoddy right now, but I will assume yes, as they have a lot of family there and own quite a bit of land.  Ok, thank you for the information. It’s a very concerning situation, so we appreciate it.  Ok, thank you so much. I’ll make sure to keep talking to him to help gauges the situation, but I appreciate it. Yea, I figured he couldn’t have done or do anything cause of his age, but he’s going to be 18 soon so I imagine that something can be done.  Call CPS if he's being abused. Sometimes they'll intervene if a forced marriage is threatened. But parents are legally allowed to make these kinds of decisions for their children. When he turns 18, he can move back on his own if he is a US citizen. If he's a citizen, his father can't prevent him from just returning on his own and filing for divorce if he was coerced into a marriage. He can contact the US embassy in Yemen for help if they won't let him return home, but keep in mind they're allowed to make decisions for him until he is the legal age of majority. He can't be forced into Islam. It's completely against the religion to force a conversion.  Are his parents Yemeni citizens?  When he is 18 he needs to go to the US consulate.  I see. Thank you for that information. And they are indeed citizens, born in the US.  He is indeed a citizen, born in America. And his passport was taken away from him.  He is a citizen, born here in America.   Are they citizens? You can’t really take legal action on parents for moving their underage kids with them abroad and making them be a part of the education system of that country.  Is your friend a US citizen, and does he have a US passport?   What’s his citizenship?