 I really need assistance and am at my wits end. In early August, I went on FMLA due to health problems from my large corporate employer. Obviously because I had health problems I was using my health insurance for various doctors appointments and medication. I ended up leaving my job in November once my FMLA expired because I was still sick. Through this time I continued to pay my portion of health insurance premiums once my PTO expired by sending the my employer's benefits office a check for the requested amount each week. I intended to go on COBRA until I found private health insurance. Nothing seemed amiss until the first week of December. I received a letter from WageWorks, which is apparently the entity that deals with COBRA. They said that my employer had reported my termination occurred in August and thus my benefits ended then. Obviously, I immediately contacted my employer asking them WTF, and they said they had no knowledge of this and that they would reach out to WageWorks to report my correct termination date. A month later I got an amended letter from WageWorks saying I only owed premiums for December and January, indicating the correct termination date. I sent in money for the premium payments a month ago - I couldn't send it in until they fixed the termination date because otherwise I would have had to pay for three more months than I actually owed. When the insurance company still reflected my termination date in August, I contacted WageWorks yet again and they said that because of the new year, my employer had raised the premiums. They could not give me the difference that I owed and still have not been able to. They sent me a new enrollment form but I don't want to enroll for this year because I already have private health insurance. However, this shouldn't be relevant because it seems they had fixed the termination date so I should still have had benefits through November, you would think. Despite WageWorks and my employer saying they resolved my issue and corrected the termination date to November, the insurance company STILL says that I lost my benefits after August. They cannot help me because they say that the correction must come from WageWorks. Wage works claims to have resolved it. Meanwhile I am getting bills from September, October, November, December and January from various health care practitioners saying that they have now learned I did not have insurance at that time. Even though the insurance company indicated back then that I had coverage and were paying my bills, now they are going back in time and saying I did not have coverage. This is going to be tens of thousands of dollars. My care was expensive (and still is). I have been paying out of pocket since December assuming that this issue would be resolved but it still hasn't and the insurance company will not help me. WageWorks and my employer both claim they have done their part. What is the discrepancy here? How do I get this resolved? Is there a government agency I can contact for assistance? What kind of lawyer would I contact for help? I'm desperate here. I have done absolutely everything I know to fix this and it seems I am stuck in this bureaucratic loop and cannot get out. I was legally entitled to health insurance until the end of November but nobody cares. What should I do? Your not hearing the poster, he said to get an attorney.  Thanks for the reply. I have applied for COBRA and they have acknowledged that and claim to have done their part, but my insurance company still claims I was terminated in August. I don't understand why they have differing information or how I can force COBRA to ensure the insurance company has been correctly informed. You are going to want an attorney that practices COBRA. COBRA should extend your benefits past termination so long as you are paying premiums. Review the paperwork you have because it might be cleared up by applying for COBRA. 