 I recently signed a lease on Feb 7th for a lease that will start on Feb 22nd in New York City. I asked the broker when I can get my copy back. The broker said... the owner signed. but by law, the landlord doesn't have to return it for 30 days after the lease starts. Is it true? So let's say 20 days after I moved in there, and without a contract in hand, does the landlord get to reject the terms of the lease? or alternatively, if after 40 days, I still don't get the lease back, are they violating any law? Thanks.  To be honest I’m not sure, but you already paid. Its also a good idea to keep a signed copy of the version you actually signed to make sure they didn’t make any changes to it without you knowing. At this point I think you basically have to wait and see what happens.  yes, first-month rent is already paid. We are moving-in in less than 3 days. already told our current building that we are leaving. So I asked new landlord for our lease. They said legally they don't have to provide it until 30 days after Feb 22nd. :( I don't believe this can be true?! Keep in mind that you can’t demand that someone sign a contract. They could always say no, that being said I would make it pretty clear that if they expect you to pay rent then you need a copy of the signed lease. I'm worried that the landlord/management office haven't actually signed. or the management office/landlord never return the lease back. Because they seem very un-organized. And has no e-mail. only phone number.  You should always keep a copy of everything you sign. If they don’t have an extra copy available you ask for one to be made. You seem to be worried that your landlord is going to change the terms of the lease? I would say this is unlikely to happen, but if it were to occur. Having a lease, even if it only had your signature, at least proves what the original terms were; that combined with the broker as a witness would be pretty good evidence. Know if something were to happen you only have the broker as a witness to back your side up. no, both copies with my signature were sent by the broker to the landlord. also... a lease that only the tenant signed is probably useless  Do you have a copy with just your signature? 