 I run a YouTube channel with 1,000+ subscribers. I recently made a video on an old laptop, and I got a YouTube comment from a user that was a full name (seems fake). The first name was Jamie. This is what they said: "Your terrible drink bleach hole you get shot up by a school shooter one day" Does this count as a terrorist threat? These users have been attacking me, dislike bombing, re-uploading my videos as their own, leaving false statements saying I make videos only for the money and trying to ruin my channel. I think if one of these douches got an FBI visit they would leave me the fuck alone. Can I report it? The FBI has absolutely zero say in what happens to people living in the UK, so reporting those threats will result in precisely nothing even if they are plainly criminal where you are. It's unlikely that the FBI will deal with international police relations to bring their local plod to bear on the problem, either, although nothing much stops you from contacting the Aberdeen or London or Glasgow cops yourself. UK nationals are also not directly subject to the false-statement elements of the DMCA process, as they aren't in a jurisdiction where any part of the DMCA has any force. Youtube _is_ subject to the DMCA (which is why they're responsive to DMCA requests), but it'd be up to you to pursue them in a UK court past that point. Fraud isn't really a meaningful issue here - providing a false address to try to stymie legal action is something the courts frown on, but it's not quite fraud as such. The UK _does_ have its own copyright act, and republishing your work without your permission is as much copyright infringement in the UK as it is in the US, but the mechanics are quite different. In short, I think you may have to deal with your asshole infestation, or find a platform that lets you manage comments and commenters more effectively. Comments like that make up at least 50% of YouTube. Get used to it.  You could report that. I think you'd still have problems with both the imminence and credibility angles, but it's at least more direct. Do you know who any of these people are? Is there some reason that Youtube's moderation tools are inadequate, or that you can't use a platform with more effective moderation? The criminal justice system is largely not geared towards stopping assholes from posting stupid shit on the internet. If you seriously feel like you are in danger, call the police non emergency number and make a report.  Always call the local police. [deleted] You have my permission.  -uploading my videos as their own This part is straight-forwards copyright infringement. However, the best venue for that is Youtube's DMCA complaints process: it's free, and if they keep at it they may lose their Youtube accounts without you having to lift a finger. […] leaving false statements saying I make videos only for the money and trying to ruin my channel. These, however, assuming "attacking" means "saying mean things about" and not "coming at me with violence apparent," are not illegal. Being an asshole is surprisingly hard to regulate, for some good legal and philosophical reasons. The FBI will not visit them over any of this. "Your terrible drink bleach hole you get shot up by a school shooter one day" Pretty plainly not a threat, as it is neither imminent nor credible. As a rhetorical device, it's clear that what they mean is that they wish you would stop publishing - a statement that is legal, even dressed up in violent language. An imminent, credible threat is something you could file a police report over. Police responses to internet threats are variable: many departments don't take them seriously unless they're correlated with actual violence or stalking. [deleted] That's not a threat. No. They didn’t say they were going to shoot you, just that they hope you get shot. 