 Title pretty much sums it up. Today I got an emailed receipt from Louis Vuitton in Heathrow for a purchase of $300 that was made in cash. This is concerning because: - I am not in London nor have I been in London in years - to purchase anything in duty free, you have to use your passport and show your ticket. I have my passport on me and am looking at it right now - I have bought something from LV years ago, so it’s possible they have my email but unlikely, so I’m wondering how they have my email (is it because someone used a copy of my passport?) - or this is a phishing attempt and I’m an idiot for opening the email. But it LOOKS legit and is from a valid LV email. The customer service number on the pdf receipt I opened has 12 digits and I’m told this is off though. It’s 3am in the UK so I can’t call that store yet. Any idea what this could be? Any help would be appreciated.  I bought something at LV like 6 years ago and they still had my email address on file with my name. My guess is they searched the system for the client and pulled you up on accident.  I think domestic duty-free (not restaurants or convenience stores) you just have to show your ticket! I rarely buy duty free, and then only booze.  I’m in US though  that’s so odd. I’ve never had too. What about people flying in country and not out of the country and they don’t have a passport? At airports you do. It’s annoying.  Yeah. It’s common! If they stole your passport it wouldn’t make sense they knew your email too just since they have no correlation. Hope we’re right! Thank you for your reply. I’m hoping if was an error... It’s a very specific email tied to my name, but like others have pointed out it’s hopefully a mistake.... If someone had a fake passport of yours I’d doubt they knew your email as well  You can call the store and ask them about it by providing your email.  You don’t need a passport to make a purchase. I’m thinking they used a random email to avoid spam mail or cause they don’t have an email and it just happens to be your email. It’s very common that happening.  Maybe someone just used your email so they didn’t get all the spam emails  Not a Lawyer. When you make a purchase, you normally verbally tell them your e-mail, so you missed the most likely option: someone else used their passport and ticket but said their e-mail wrong or typed in your e-mail by mistake. As mentioned, check your cards sporadically for a month or so, but the odds it's a scam are fairly low, and the odds of a dumb mistake on the buyers or sellers part is high. The receipt said it was paid for in cash and there is no activity on my cards anyway. I’m not so worried about that as much as someone using a fake passport of mine to make the purchase because again, to make a purchase at any airport you need that.  Check your credit cards to see whether a bill came through. If it did, contest the charge and close the card. If it didn't, ignore and move on.