 TN. My roommate wants me to pay my share of the utilities bill however when I requested the itemized bill he will not give it to me. He has recently stopped speaking to me over some drama in our friend group. I usually pay the bill without question but it’s unusually high this month and he hasn’t been talking to me so I’m afraid he’s trying to scam me out of money. What should/can I do? We have a centralized utility board that provides all of our utilities. I just want as much detail as possible so that way it isn’t tampered with.  What is an itemized utility bill? I know what an itemized phone bill is, but what exactly do you hope to glean from an itemized utility bill? Which utilities are these and how much of a monetary difference is being asked? If you're requesting to just see the actual bill, send him a letter by certified mail requesting to review the bill. You may also want to send the letter by regular post, as he can refuse to sign for the letter. Keep the certified proof and the note requesting the unusually high payment. If you typically pay X amount on something like internet, that doesn't fluctuate, consider just paying that. Obviously don't strike handshake agreements with people, especially people you care about, in the future. You need the expectations of all involved parties in writing.  Gotcha. I already shot him a text asking for the bill to be emailed to me since it is an electronic copy. I’ll give it a little while longer and if he never fulfills the request I’ll leave a note out. Thanks for the advice.  Leave him a note telling him that once he provides a copy of the bill, you will pay your half. Take a picture of it so you can prove you aren't trying to not pay it. That I pay half of the utilities. However, as this month is significantly higher than the past several months I requested a copy of the bill. I have full intentions to pay the bill but I want to confirm what he is asking is truthful instead of him trying to make money from me.  What is the agreement between the two of you?