 First of all, I'm not sure if legal advice is what I need but here goes... I am a partner in a Brazilian company which had an American bank account at a major American bank. Anyway, cut to June of last year, The bank closed our account without any warning and refused to tell us why, they maintained that they had the discretion to not tell us the reason. I never found out why, we were always a legit company not involved in anything illegal or questionable. However at the time our account was closed we heard several stories of Iranian-Americans and Brazilians getting their BoA accounts closed as well, so we figured something strange was up and that it had something to do with accounts belonging to foreigners. Anyway, we had about $6,000 in our account. I called them to figure out how we can get our money back and they informed us that we could get the check sent to us. They claimed they sent the check but we never received it. Over the past 8 months I've called them several times to figure out what was up and they always claimed that the checks were sent to our address here in Brazil. Every single time I call the bank, I spend on average 2-3 hours on the phone being forwarded around to what seems like the entire company. It's always someone else's department. I just got off the phone just now, I spent about 3 hours being transferred around, got hung up on twice, and have no result out of it. I'm honestly just tired of dealing with this and frustrated with the customer service. If I didn't know any better I would say that they seem like they are intentionally making it difficult for us to resolve this. We can not physically go to a branch of the bank since we are not in the United States. However it seems that ultimately one of us will have to go there just because of this. I want to know if there is any other way we can look into getting our money back and if that could involve lawyering up. TL;DR - A bank owes me money and has made it extremely difficult to get my money back.