 I'm doing a construction project for a client, and we're getting towards the end and I have a feeling they are nitpicking on items to withhold pay or deduct pay. Rather that get myself into more than I can chew, I started pushing away change orders things that weren't originally in our contract. For example, I'm told that we had prior discussion about cabinets in a bathroom. They ordered extra, and insist that I install it. We have no written discussion, and I never offered to do it. They literally just order extra stuff with the expectation I install it...actually to modify and install it. My contract and bid and scope of work description follows the architectural drawing, none of the architectural drawings show any of the extra cabinets, not in the side cutways, not overhead view...none. Their change order is that they want me to take the cabinet they bought, take it apart, change the depth of the cabinet and install it. At first rather than offend them I told them I just don't have time in my schedule to do it, suggest finding a different carpenter or a cabinet maker. And I told them it's a cheap flimsy cabinet, that I can't modify without either building a brand new carcass or risk damaging it. To me it's not worth the risk to make a quick buck and half ass something and ultimately being responsible for it. Anyways, the client is about 30 days past due on an invoice and they're nitpicking things like "oh the decking is fading" which is unrelated to the payment that is past due. The paint portion of my contract was canceled midproject because they felt my bid was too high and wanted to hire their own painter who they worked with before. I suggest that they look into sealing the decking with some kind of UV coating upon installation, and they informed us they would have their painter do it since they are looking to stain it as well. I was only paid to do the installation, and the material was just invoiced to the owner and is even described as installation of the material only, not including staining, painting, or coating. There are also a few items that I can't invoice out because the client is withholding certain materials or material decisions to allow us to complete that portion of work. So I informed them that I would no longer be taking change orders, and sent them an intent of project cancellation and sent them an invoice for the past due amount and a portion of the work that's done but could not be completed due to lack of material. Part of me is not so much interested in the remaining balance, it's that they would never be satisfied with the work. Their expectation is that I have my staff do the work they suggest, beyond the original scope of work. When I'm not around, they would show up and ask my carpenters to install extra shelving, ask them to build out a closet system, etc. All of which we did, and I have no way of invoicing. We just did it out of good faith. We've been away from the project for about a 2 weeks and they hired a different carpenter to finish some of the changes I described above, then sent me an invoice for it. They also referred us to their "lawyer" (I don't know if legitimate, no legal letter yet) saying that we did not fulfill our obligations of the contract. Right now they're not only past due, but we've completed a good portion of work that has not been invoiced for. I've debated on putting a lien on the property, but it seem like if they have an attorney it might not be a good idea? I rather not drag it out, and to be real honest I'm not worried about the sum of money. They just come across as problematic, and if I place a lien they might actually hire a real attorney. Another builder recommended an attorney, but he didn't seem particularly helpful just wanted a retainer right away. Any suggestions? Is it even worth wild to seek out an attorney and retain one just in case. I don't want to jump to conclusion, spend more money and find out they were bullshitting. I rather let them think they won and just get out before I throw more money into their house without getting paid, and just cut my losses.  I would speak to a different attorney ASAP. Many times placing a lien on property is very, very time sensitive, meaning you have a very short time within which to protect your rights. 