 SUMMARY: First time home buyers and we needed a contractor to fix the house up. The contractor pretended to be legit by telling us he was a licensed contractor and by having his license on each invoice. We ended up spending over 60k on house renovations before we got some major red flags. When we investigated more closely he had an expired license, he was hiring illegal workers, did improper work that was not being resolved and was doing work without pulling proper permits. We have filed a complaint with the California Contractors State License Board, but they have been of little help. We have reason to believe the contractor doesn't have the money to pay us back if we were to sue and we worry that we would be stuck with not only legal fees but also the fees/cost associated to having a city inspector having to check all the work that was done. What are my options? EXTRA DETAILS: Unfinished work/poor work and damaged items are estimated to be over 20k to fix. Contractor was referred by a friend/neighbor that had previous work done. We have camera footage with audio (front door security device) where the contractor admits to doing poor work/ not wanting to finish the job properly and other footage where we confront him and he lies about still being licensed. We have invoices of all the work done that include short descriptions of work and cost breakdowns, no actual signed contract, but everything was paid via checks and accounted on the invoices. Contractor has sent texts threatening my wife after we fired him Work done to the house includes electrical/wall tear downs/flooring/new windows/new kitchen/painting/new doors/exterior work Contractor lives relatively close, house that the contractor lives in is not under his name Contractor also took items (ladders, tools, misc items) that did not belong to him  If the contractor threatened your wife and stole items, you can contact the police. You should hire another contractor to fix the problems. Then you should sue the first contractor. Unfortunately, if the contractor hasn't got any money, he hasn't got any money. It may be worth it to sue all the same, and then have someone try to figure out if he is hiding assets. You can also file a complaint with the attorney general of your state about the contractor.