 Both my parents filed as heads of households for their taxes and each one claimed one child (we’re a 4 person family) as their dependent. I, being 20, am incredibly lost in the whole tax process and am only now piecing together that this is not okay. We have been in a struggling financial situation all our lives and my mother explained that they did their taxes like this in order to maximize on their returns. I only found this out this past summer when I attempted to fill out my FAFSA, was selected for verification, went in to my school’s bursar office and was told to amend the taxes. I told my parents and we went into the office at which they filed their taxes and sat down with the head accountant who basically told me that it would save us money to try and pay out of pocket then amend the taxes and owe money back. I should mention that when reviewing the tax information his eyes bugged out a bit and he asked if we were sure we filed with his office...The entire exchange seemed shady to me but my parents seemed satisfied with that answer. What it means for me, however, is that I can no longer afford to attend college. I am going to sit the next semester out to save money for the following one. I have several questions: Is there is a way for me to navigate this situation without having it affect my parents taxes as they exist now? Could I file my own as an independent? (I work part time at an office) Most importantly, is this illegal and should I push them to amend immediately? I’m sorry if I am missing significant details, my parents are immigrants to this country and as a first generation student, I’ve been navigating the college application process as well as attempting to finance it on my own and I’m lost right now. Thank you for any help you can offer!  Your parents are committing tax fraud. They'll get caught. The money they'll owe + interest + penalties are just going to keep growing and will be a lot more expensive than your semester of school. They should get ahead of this and file amended returns. And fire whoever gave them the advice to do what they're doing. You should consider starting at community college or online courses which are generally cheaper. Yes they are I think. They married back home but I assume that carried over so they’re also legally married here Oh god..i believe 2016 and 2017 and my mother said they will file joint 2018. I don’t have much faith in the place that did their taxes in the first place, do we go to another place and try to re file? Are they legally married? They cannot both be married and filing head of household returns, they are committing tax fraud and it will get caught. How long have they been filing this way?