 I will be referring to the biological mother as “L”, the biological father as “B”, “M” as “L’s” second husband, and the biological child as “C”. B and L were married and got divorced. Per the divorce decree, B received custody of C, and L was to pay child support through C graduating high school. L paid little to none over the span, accumulating ~$20,000 in child support owed. L rarely held a job. L remarried to M, who is a military personnel. L then obtained a military ID (as license had been revoked due to delinquency and DUI’s) and relied on M for provisions. During this time, L still had not pursued a job, nor found any means to pay child support to B. C eventually graduated high school (18) and B had never received the unpaid child support. Years later, B received a phone call from the state asking if there was an updated address for L. B and C both had thought the child support had been written off. C provided the address information to B and found out that M and L were selling their house which has L’s name in the deed. C is adamant about finding the avenue that will provide B, and maybe C, the compensation of the delinquent child support. M has expressed that he will not pay for L’s delinquent child support on her behalf. What are the options that B C have in this situation? For what it’s worth, child support, despite its name, is paid to the parent, who can spend it any way they want as long as the child is clothed, fed, housed. So only Dad has a claim to the money, and if he won’t pursue it it may be best to let it go, and focus on other sources of income.  I didn’t believe that the jurisdiction had much of an impact but I wanted to include it just Incase it was important somehow. Mom has been “lucky” and not been arrested unfortunately in years. Once was arrested in a county where the warrants weren’t in and extradited and spend a week or so in jail until SD paid bail money.  Kansas Child support Services  You don't have the right to pursue it. If dad doesn't want to, or is too exhausted, that's the end of it. [In my state, if mom didn't show up for a contempt hearing after properly being served, a bench warrant for her arrest would have been issued, she would have been eventually arrested and brought before the court for the contempt hearing. The judge would not be pleased with her violation of the court's prior order, and her disregard in failing to appear the first time. Further, unless your state has the wackiest rules, the court does not lose jurisdiction to hear a contempt complaint just because your mom moved.] Dad exhausted in trying to collect (dad tried court but mom didn’t show up for follow ups and moved to a different jurisdiction within state). Dad was monetarily barely making ends meet while Child was growing up couldn’t afford a lawyer. dad is just “relieved to not have to deal with her drama, lies, and stress anymore”. Child is wanting to however pursue any means child can Your dad should have already taken your mom back to court for contempt for her failure to pay. I bet if she were put in jail she would find money somewhere, or live with the consequences. Your step-dad is not responsible at all for the child support. Your dad should hire an attorney to take mom to court on contempt. The attorney will know what evidence is necessary or useful concerning the house and assets of mom. And I agree--initials make your post convoluted. Most of us here can keep up with nouns. Thank you for that, I’ll change it! As for the agency— let me verify which one and I will get back to you ASAP! The letters actually make it harder to follow the story. Generally, though, I think the first question would be: what do you mean the “state” called? What agency? What did they say?