 Throwaway account. Not sure how to format so apologies in advance. I work in food service. I have two long time friends who room together; we will call one F, and the other M. M is a part-time equivalent to a "shift lead" at my job. I got home late last night and was sending/receiving new years texts. When I texted F, I was told that apparently M had been printing out and photographing my hours at work - this includes my clock in, my clock out, and my break. F then sent me the pictures that M had taken on their personal cell phone. According to F, M has talked at length about tracking my hours - exclusively my hours, no interest in any other employee. F was not able to give me a reason why M would do this, as F does not know why, despite M allegedly talking about it so much. These photographs include my employee ID, the last 4 of my social, my exact hours worked (day, week, pay period), and my full name. The way the photographs are taken, they also include some information of other employees, although it is very clear that my information is the subject of each and every photo. F has told me that they do not believe M has shared all of the pictures, and because of that, does not know how long this has been happening. F has also told me that M regularly asks if F knows whether or not I am at work, and what hours I've said I've been working. F has asked me not to say anything to M because of living situation between them. I have not said anything to M, although I wish I could. I feel betrayed, i am confused as to why , and M has not aaked me nor talked to me about this at all. It seems veey suspicious and i feel targetted and attacked for sinply being a good employee that works very hard very often. I have alerted the district manager to this and they said we will talk tomorrow AM on the phone. I have requested that i remain anonymous, as to protect myself and my relationships with these two, but am not sure how realistic that is. I do not know how these things work. I am young and am inexperienced with issues like this, so I am seeking advice on how to handle this. I have a few questions. 1) are there any laws that M is breaking by taking/sharing these photos? 2) where would be a good starting point for finding out company policies about sensitive/personal identifying information? 3) should I consider getting a lawyer? If so, what kind of lawyer should I get? Any and all beneficial input is appreciated. Thank you for any advice and for reading. 1) No 2) that would be a great question for your district manager you're going to ask 3) lawyers for defending our representing you in court. They cost an cost upwards of $800/hr. Your situation has nothing to do with going to court to sue. Just ask your roommate why the heck he's taking pictures since it's bugging you so much.  I'm not a lawyer but I don't see any broken laws here. You can check the employee handbook, if there is one, to see whether company policy is being violated. You could ask HR were to find copies of handbooks and policies. I'm not sure what a lawyer could do for you at this point, but that always depends on your desired outcome. What do you hope happens? It's probably time to start thinking about getting a different job.  I am not a lawyer 1. That doesn't seem like a friend. 2. The place you work at sounds like a large chain, you need to do some stuff, (1) tell everything you know the the district manager, get a statement from F or see if they can answer a call at that time. Don't let F go with because M is probably going to hear about you being there. (2) make as much noise as you can, owner of the place, and the higher higher ups, if you can show this post as it picks up, threaten to go public. at that point it doesn't matter whether or not M finds out because they will know because you are the main target.if it's a large chain they're going to want this to stay low and out of the news and they will probably fire her and give you a small payout. 3. If it is a small, local business, go to the owner next. The story needs to stay low otherwise it will be a PR nightmare. Don't be afraid to mention that it's not a dick move, but it does stick in the back of their mind it makes it more likely for your case to get resolved. 4. Check company policy. there is probably something in there about mismanagement and stealing others work ID. 5. As far as social security number call a lawyer they will tell you everything that you need to know about taking pictures of social security numbers work numbers if you find out that it has been spread to anyone that's illegal. it is not illegal for the business to have your social security number in their database but as far as her keeping it personally on her that could be questionable.