  --1-- my story --2-- police report --3-- My Response to Police Report Discrepencies tl;dr They supposedly found 4.2 grams (including the bag). I didn't even know I had anything in my car. I had smoked my last joint sitting parked in my car before I departed for Taco Bell. I certainly did not have 4.2 grams in my car. I would have smoked it. --1-- My Story State: Florida December 23rd at 2:43 AM I was driving home from Taco Bell. I noticed a patrol car in the median facing me. I passed him. I made sure I was going a good speed and I was. I wanted to drive home peacefully and enjoy my taco bell which I was eating on the way home. Soon after passing the cop I noticed a car behind me. I didn't know that it was the cop I just passed. I felt anxious about having a car right behind me at 3 in the morning. I slowed down so he could pass me and that I could continue driving at my pace peacefully. He slowed down as well. I slowed down a little more. He slowed down a little more. I pulled over and came to a stop on the side of the road. He did the same then turned his police lights on. He comes to my window and says that it's weird for someone to drive slower and slower and that's why he pulled me over. I told him that it's weird that someone is following me so close so late at night. He then said it was because of my driving. I told him I slowed down because I didn't know what reason someone has to be following another at 3 in the morning. He then tells me he smells weed and he's going to have to search the car. I told him that I don't consent to a search. He told me he has probable cause because of the smell. I resigned and he told me to get out to walk a sobriety test. There were 2 other officers in 2 other squad cars. He gave me the directions and I did as he instructed. I passed with flying colors. I counted loudly and even did an extra, eleventh step. They then sat me down on the curb. They then searched the car. I'm using a public defender and my trial is in a week or two. I've reached out to them but haven't heard back to go over my case, so I'm preparing my case myself as much as possible. --2-- Police Report On December 23rd 2018 at approximately 0243 hours, I was traveling westbound on &lt;omitted for privacy &lt;omitted &lt;omitted Though this was odd, I continued to observe the vehicle as it traveled westbound. Suddenly, the vehicle halted in the middle of the roadway. The driver's lethargic driving pattern coupled with the sudden stopping in the middle of the roadway put me in fear that the driver may be too ill, tired, or impaired to operate a motor vehicle. I immediately activated my overhead emergency lights to conduct a traffic stop. I then approached the driver and sole occupant of the vehicle. As I approached the vehicle, I noticed an overwhelmingly strong odor of burnt marijuana coming from inside of the vehicle. When I explained the reason for the stop, he stated that he had just left Taco Bell and noticed that I was traveling behind him. Seeing a law enforcement vehicle behind him seemed to give him the inclination that he needed to drive slower. Due to the odor of marijuana, I asked him to exit the vehicle so I could conduct a search of the vehicle. He initially seemed agitated and asked if he was being detained. I advised that indeed he was, and I again asked him to exit the vehicle. He complied, but stated that he did "not consent to any searches." I explained to him that I had not asked for consent to search being that the odor of marijuana coming from inside the vehicle gave me probable cause to search the vehicle with or without his permission. Due to his initial signs of irritability, he was placed in handcuffs while a search was conducted. In the search, a freshly burnt hand-rolled cigarette with a green leafy substance inside of it was located. The substance smelled like marijuana, and when unrolled, looked to be marijuana. A field test of that substance yielded a positive result for tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). After locating the marijuana, I continued to speak with him. He continued to show signs of lethargy as he spoke which I believed persistently showed that he may be impaired. I made him aware of my concerns that he may be too impaired, either by alcohol, marijuana (or both). I asked if he would like to dispel my fear that he was too impaired to operate a motor vehicle by participating in field sobriety exercises. He agreed. I took him out of handcuffs to begin the exercises. To make sure he, under no circumstances, felt compelled to participate in the exercises by acquiescing to authority due to him being handcuffed prior, I again asked him if he would like to participate in the entirely voluntary field sobriety exercises. He again agreed. Through the field sobriety exercises, he was able to dispel my fear that he was too impaired to operate a motor vehicle. I did explain to him that though he was not under arrest for DUI, he would be placed under arrest for MARIJUANA - POSS NOT MORE THAN 20 grams. While I made it clear to him that I was aware the marijuana was small amount, I stressed just how dangerous his actions were (smoking a marijuana cigarette while driving). As I continued to speak on the dangers of smoking marijuana while driving, He seemed to understand. I again handcuffed him and advised he was being placed under arrest. He grew respectful and remained so for the duration of our encounter. The total package weight of the suspect marijuana cigarette (including the plastic evidence bag) weighed 4.2 grams. His vehicle was towed. This concludes my involvement in this case. --3-- My Response To Several Items in the Police Report "I was traveling westbound on Davis Blvd approaching Wildwood Lakes" He was sitting in the median as I passed him. No one was behind me until I passed him, unless the cop I saw was different from the one that pulled me over. "I observed as the vehicle began to drive very slowly to about 20 MPH in a 45 MPH zone." He was following me. Causing me to slow down to let him pass. "Suddenly, the vehicle halted in the middle of the roadway. The driver's lethargic driving pattern coupled with the sudden stopping in the middle of the roadway put me in fear that the driver may be too ill, tired, or impaired to operate a motor vehicle." I didn't just halt in the middle of the roadway. That is false. I pulled over to the side of the road. "Seeing a law enforcement vehicle behind him seemed to give him the inclination that he needed to drive slower." This is an assumption. I wanted to know what the person tailgating me wanted. "He initially seemed agitated." I did not intentionally appear agitated if I did. I always try to act cool in all situations. I never act agitated. Therefore, this is an exaggeration/fabrication. What is the crime in being agitated by being harassed by police officers? It was 3AM and 2 days before Christmas "Due to his initial signs of irritability, he was placed in handcuffs while a search was conducted." It is ridiculous to accuse me of being irritable. I was not intentionally being problematic. I am always a polite person. I'm too nice, in fact. "In the search, a freshly burnt hand-rolled cigarette with a green leafy substance inside of it was located." I suspect that it was the filter of a smoked cigarette, the kind you roll up from index cards. "He continued to show signs of lethargy as he spoke which I believed persistently showed that he may be impaired." Why do I have to act excited? It was 3AM. I exuberantly walked the line to and fro, even adding an 11th step "for good measure". "smoking a marijuana cigarette while driving" How does he know I was smoking a marijuana cigarette while driving? "The total package weight of the suspect marijuana cigarette (including the plastic evidence bag) weighed 4.2 grams." This is preposterous. I did not have over an eighth of marijuana when at most it was a disposed filter with residue left behind. How do you turn that into an eighth? Filters weigh a tenth of a gram.  \ While you may not have shown impairment based on the totality of the testing, you certainly did not pass with flying colors if you did extra steps. That makes sense You should have simply driven normally to your destination, not worrying about the person behind you. If you feel that someone following you is putting you in danger, then you drive normally to a well-lit place, or to a police station. Either way, the answer would be "drive normally, regardless of where you're going." You didn't drive normally, you drove abnormally, which is what aroused the suspicion of the cop. So how long should I have let him follow me?  Yes, police have the right to follow you. This is improper. Drive normally, and drive the limit (or a safe speed as road conditions permit), regardless of whether you're being followed or not. Driving significantly under the limit without good reason is a perfectly valid reason to suspect something's wrong and pull you over. So police have a right to follow me? He was behind me so I slowed down so he could pass.  You drove objectively weird, got pulled over (or pulled yourself over) for driving weird, smelled of marijuana, got searched because of the probable cause that the smell of marijuana generates, and, in fact, marijuana was discovered in your car. Talk to your lawyer and your lawyer alone. I do not think your nit-picking of the slightly inaccurate police report is going to get you off Scott-free. I don't see a question, but you ought to discuss with your attorney and no one else.  You had weed. You got busted. You should stop talking about this to anyone but your attorney. You should especially stop talking about it on social media.