 So I was at a party and girl that I go to school with slapped and punched the back of my head. We were talking about some controversial stuff that made her mad. The argument got heated and she decided to slap me (hard). At that point, I was extremely mad and wanted to hit her back, but didn't for an obvious reason. I am a black male that is around 160 pounds and she is around \~110. So I hold back my anger and walk away to be surprised by a sucker punch and foul words. I could have defended myself but don't want to risk my future career by going to jail for a few months and getting kicked out of my university. Is it possible to sue her for emotional/physical damages? There may or may not be video evidence but there were people at the scene, including some of my friends. I think someone may have recorded it too, but I would have to go and check. Honestly, at this point, I am extremely angry and somewhat emasculated, I just want to see her get punished for attacking me. I have never been involved with any law enforcement so I am not sure what I can do, any advice would be appreciated.  I know, and i did. Just sucks that if i hit her back i would be punished.  my advice is to get on with your life Exactly. Apparently she still needs to learn that hitting people is not okay.  I never said that. Not once. You are reading what you want to read.  This is not the sub to tell people not to seek legal remedies just because they were assaulted by a woman and not a man. The guy stated the only reason he has any interest in suing her is for his pride. He is concerned with suing her for emotional damages. In the same breath he says he’s worried how this will affect his future employment. The advice is to choose your future over your pride. I don’t think that is bad advice at all. Of course I would support him either way. Some things won’t let you sleep until justice prevails. But this one? I would say in all my years on earth, it’s one of those things to just take the lesson and move on instead of clogging up the court.  You have 0 case to sue her over getting slapped. Sorry.  Terrible advice. Don’t report a crime bc you might look bad as the victim of assault to future employers? I think there is damages, but it might not be worth going to court for. Battery is not only for harmful touching guys, but also for offensive touching. In certain cases people have won civil cases for having smoke blown in their face on purpose. Yes, i'm aware, but it's still something that can be done and sued successfully for. Civilly you won't have any recourse for assault however as there was no apprehension. She sucker punched/slapped you from behind.  Although... concerning your future career, are you sure you want this “out there”? Even though you were the victim, will this information be available to future employers and how will it look? Just something to consider.  Good on you for walking away! Definitely get the police involved. Even if you suffered no damages she needs to know what happens when you assault someone. Her next assault could lead to the guy hitting her back and he would definitely be punished worse if she doesn’t have this on her record. You are saving people.  Yes. Total up the costs of your hospital/doctor's bills for treatment plus the cost of the psychiatric treatment you have received to recover from the trauma and that is the amount you can sue for. (Perhaps lost wages as well.) In your case the amount may well be zero. This is precisely where law enforcement can be helpful. You have been assaulted, and you have witnesses and perhaps even video evidence. Report it to the police (including names and contact information for witnesses) and they are quite likely to investigate and turn the case over for prosecution. Without damages you'd have nothing to sue for. You can call the police if you are attacked. I hope you are OK. Did you suffer any injury? Were you badly enough hurt to seek medical attention? Did you miss any days of school or work while you recovered? Any out of pocket costs? Sounds like the woman committed a crime (assault/battery) so you could file a police report and maybe action will be taken by the police or maybe not. I would guess in this case probably not. I think if I were you I would file a police report at least to have it on file, but keep your expectations low. You may have a civil cause of action against her as well, but if you can't prove significant physical damage (highly unlikely that you could claim emotional distress for what you describe, and there is no cause of action called emasculation, sorry), you would be throwing your time and money down a rathole because the civil system is set up to compensate you monetarily for your actual damage, so if you don't have any . . . Suing someone because what happened to you wasn't fair and you are mad but weren't seriously hurt is virtually always a mistake. Please, I'm not trying to discount how you are feeling, but the system simply isn't set up to remedy hurt feelings no matter how justified they are. The civil system is set up to make the wrongdoer pay the amount of actual damages that the the victim can prove the wrongdoer caused. You could always consult with a PI attorney, who would give you an honest assessment of your case and would not even accept you as a client unless it were a strong case, and if it were he would likely take it on a contingency so you would not be out of pocket. It can't hurt you to do this, someone should give you at least a free telephone consult to see whether there is anything there. You’re welcome! Thank you When you call the police, they will ask you to detail what happened. Describe it exactly as you remember and inform them that there were witnesses. They’ll also ask for information about the person who assaulted you. Provide any information you know about her. The police systematically know what questions to ask, and they’ll help guide the conversation. After you’re done filing the report, the police will take it from there. I have a few witnesses. Some friends some people I know. Do I go to the police and give them information about what happened and hope she gets arrested for assault or is there other steps I can take to make sure justice will be served?  You said there were people on the scene. You don’t need a recording if you have a witness. Is that all i can do? Find the recording and then contact the police and have her arrested for assault.