 So recently I was automatically enrolled in a class action lawsuit regarding unfair pay, the letter said to write in if I wanted to be opted out, I didn't read it in detail at the time. A section it states that I will be deemed to have joined the Plaintiff's clams under Fair Labor Standards Act if I cash the check. I did not respond and figured if I didn't deposit the check it I will not have "joined". A few weeks later, I received the claim check that I did not deposit and filed away. A week or two ago they sent me a W2 form with my social security number on it which I never gave them, I have no idea how they got a hold of, nor did I authorize my employer to release to anyone. The letter with it states they reported it as income to the IRS. I want no part of this and do not want the money, and did not respond to opt out or deposit the check for specifically this reason. At this point what do I do? Can I send the check back? I do not want this payment and want nothing to do with the case. Because my employer is a Fortune 500 I do not want to be blacklisted or blocked from being rehired. I am pissed off about this entire situation and the sharing of my S.S. number and address.  I thought the same, and stuff about depositing and joining. I took it as meaning the equivalent. WRONG. :P But the OP said he didn’t do anything to join the lawsuit. So how can they use the OP by merely saying, “explicitly tell us NO else it’s a yes”. No signature or anything to say you agree. Just seems wrong but I know you know more about the law than me so I’m not challenging you on it. Honestly I don't know. It's possible that you still have the option of opting out by not having cashed the check, and the lawyers just did things out of order. It's possible that their wording is confusing and that you're already opted in. But disentangling that issue is likely to be 100 times more complicated than just cashing the check, which you have no reason not to do. Class Actions are a special construct of the law. If joining a class action required paying anything, your analogy would be more applicable, but they do not, and no judge would certify a class action as such if such a requirement was in place. Class Actions exist to minimize the chaos when many plaintiffs have similar claims that can be adjudicated together. There is an implicit balance between fairness to each individual and fairness to the system as a whole. They implicitly opted in? Can I send someone a letter saying write me back else your a part of the club and now must pay dues? Just curious how that works.  's clams under Fair Labor Standards Act if I cash the check. So being joined to the Plaintiff's claims is not the same as being opted into a class? Confusing terminology here. If you absolutely refuse for some reason, you'll have to try to call the legal office and see if they can reflect, in their records, that you refused the settlement. Then you can file a dispute with the IRS regarding the W-2, assuming that the lawyers don't automatically update it for you. But to be honest, none of that is likely to work all that well. You implicitly opted into the class action lawsuit. As to the information sharing, when you (implicitly) opted in, you gave the lawyers permission to look through your employer's records to determine who was owed what. That's how they got your SSN info.