 I was divorced in Iowa in 2015. I currently live in Nebraska. My ex and I have a 5 yr old son together, and my ex refused to have anything to do with our son until after the divorce went through. Due to this, the custody agreement required 65 supervised visits to be completed before the visits would gradually become unsupervised then overnight until we’d eventually share custody. My ex also has a history of addiction and abuse. The court didn’t really seem to care about that at the time, though there was a statement in the custody agreement that stated either party could request the other party take a drug test which is to be completed in 24hrs. Also, my mom was the person supervising the visits. She documented everything with dates and times. In October, my mom reported to me that my ex was starting to act strangely during the visits. His wife usually was there with him, but they seemed to be having problems and she hadn’t been there for some time. My stepdad noted my ex would be picked up and dropped off by different cars and found out that, after the visit, his ride would take him to a known drug house in town instead of driving him home. My mom believed he was using again. So, I contacted him via text and requested a drug test. He did not complete any drug test and has not set up any visits or had any contact with our son since October. He’s lost his job, his wife filed for divorce, and he’s not paying child support. No one knows where he is and his phone has been disconnected. Is there anything I can do to change the custody agreement so that I have full custody? Do I have enough evidence/proof to show he is unreliable? I have the notes from the supervised visits, the texts between him and I, the statement from the CS agency that he hasn’t been paying. I can’t afford a lawyer as money is VERY tight now that we’re not getting the child support. Any help is much appreciated! I’m not trying to take my son away from his father, I’m just trying to ensure stability. I’m afraid my ex will come back and try to get 50/50 custody and I’m extremely uncomfortable with that as he’s an addict, a known abuser (he violated the protection order I used to have against him several times), and he can’t hold down a job...the list goes on and on. I’m just scared and want my son to be safe. Please don’t flame me for this. Thank you! Thank you so much!  Generally, custody actions are filed in the county in which the child resides (where 'resides' means 'has lived for the last 6 months'). Child support delinquency is a little more complex. If the child's father is also currently in Nebraska, you can have the support order domesticated (basically 'recognized') from Iowa to Nebraska. If he's still in Iowa, you'd file in Iowa.  Thank you! Do I need to file in the county in which the divorce/custody agreement was filed or the county in which I currently reside? You can file for a custody modification, this is a pretty common thing to do. If you cannot afford an attorney, google your county family court's website and see if they have the forms to file available online. If not, you can go down to the court to pick up the forms. The clerks can often help you with the paperwork. Another option is to look into the local legal aid clinic, many of which do family court days where you can go to get help from an attorney if you're willing to brave the crowd. Child support and visitation are two different things. You'll need to file a Motion to Show Cause to bring him in for contempt of the child support order. Again, the clerk's office for the family court can help with forms. 