 For a couple months now I've been seeing someone. I have been staying at her house a lot (basically every night) 1) bc she wants me too 2) she lives closer to my work than I did. I want to say that I don't really keep my stuff there all of my stuff is still at my house. Her roommate (male) who clearly had a thing for her before we started dating and I'm assuming still does told her that he wants me to pay rent. She told me and I told her to tell him no. She tells me that he plans to confront me about it. She says that her name is on the lease as well so I assume that gives her the right to have me over and not charge me rent. I just want to make sure he has no legal rights to take action against me and I can just tell him to fuck off if he confronts me. In the very least, you should offer to pay 1/3 of the utilities. But if you’re spending the night there the majority of the time, then you are essentially living there. Perhaps you and your girlfriend should find a new residence to live together. Let the guy find a new roommate. He can't charge you rent. The landlord, however, almost certainly has limits on how long guests can stay (usually a few days), and your gf can get evicted for this. Yeah and I mean think about it—you take up space. You probably take up time in the bathroom that inconveniences the roommate and maybe even have stuff in common areas such as the fridge or bathroom shelves. Rent goes to these common spaces as well—so why should you get it for free? But, if you and your GF are sharing a room, the rent that he should charge on top of the rent she already pays wouldn’t be much. You wouldn’t be responsible for a whole 1/3. Basically you and gf combined would be responsible for a little more than half to cover the common areas described above (assuming there are no other roommates). Use the website Splitwise to get an idea of how much would be fair. Might be worth it to just pay a little more. If you don't want to pay rent, get out of his house. She has a right to have guests. Guests stay a night or two and then don't stay again for awhile. Like months. She doesn't have a right to bring in another tenant that uses electricity, water and internet for free.  you may be considered a tenant at this point staying every night and also check with your GF to see the guest policy Yes she says they both are on it, and ohio Agreed 100%  Question: Girlfriend and Person X have a lease (both on it) and what state are you in? Your girlfriend needs to check if there are limits to the number of nights a guest may stay over. She may be in violation of that if you're staying over every night. If you are staying overnight every night you are a tenant. Your gf and her roommate have a contract that most likely does not allow subletting. So either pay rent, or your gf can be evicted for breach of contract. I'm sure there is something in her lease about a limit on nights in a row someone can stay over. Also, I'd be pretty irritated too if I were her roommate...I'd just be confronting her, not you 