 Hello this is my first post to this sub so let me know if I've done anything against the rules. I have a small question involving the legality of creating characters according to a species outlined by someone in the furry community. This may be a bit odd compared to average questions but i will try to explain my issue. There is a group within the furry community that takes auctions for designs of a characters belonging to several "closed" species. As far as I can tell, they do not own any sort of legal copyright to these species (or if such a copyright is even possible) and would only own copyright to the individual character designs that they produce. Additionally, they maintain a public blacklist, where anyone who creates their own member of these "closed" species, or a character with similar traits to these species but not actually part of the species, as well as anyone who purchased one legitimately but performed some action to the displeasure of the species creator, up to and including "being rude towards the species Creator". The blacklist contains known name, known aliases, and known social media information for each person on the list. If you own an "official" character of this species and are put on the blacklist, your character is listed as invalid, and can be recycled toward a new character that they sell of this species. This appears to contradict information in their FAQ on the website indicates that once you purchase a character, all rights to the character are yours, as well as a statement in the FAQ regarding blacklisting, detailing that the character is still yours. You are allowed to sell your character from this species to others, but only for the price you purchased it, unless you are blacklisted in which case you are "not allowed" to sell the character which they claim you get to keep as yours, and if anyone purchases the character from you they are blacklisted themselves. As a note, I do not own, nor do I plan to purchase any character from these species, am not myself a furry, nor am I on this blacklist at the time of writing (specified as such in case they somehow associate this post to themselves, and deem it fit to blacklist me for it). I am asking as some of this appears to be of very questionable legality, if not straight up illegal actions covered by creating a social stigma against people who do not play along, and would like to know if anything can be done about this. Your right - there is a degree of distinctiveness required. Eg. You can't invent your own powerranger, but you can invent a character that pilots a giant mech. Unfortunately there is not a clear line that defines what's OK. This sort of thing can end up tested in court. Im guessing court is unlikely in case. So I'm not doubting that the actual characters designed probably fall under copyright, provided that they are visually distinctive. I'm more wondering about them claiming right to the entire species. For example, according to the creator of these species, you are not allowed to even take traits from these species to incorporate it into your own character designs. I do believe that this could be something that might fall under copyright if they had a very well defined specification for the possible traits that these species can have, so that a reasonable collection of those traits can be considered part of the species, however their provided specifications are extremely vague, to the point where having a generalized feature that the species might sometimes have and no other traits from their species on your character is enough for them to call you out and put you on the blacklist. If I've followed it correctly - Someone (or a group of people) are designing costumes and visually distinctive characters and then are controlling their use. This could all be done legally - the costumes and characters are could meet copyright requirements, and they could develop a license that provides people limited rights to their use. If someone uses a similar unlicensed character, they would have to persue that through the copywrite channels - the blacklist is not going to hold water there. You would have to ask these questions to the worldwide furry king in charge of all things with tails