 Hello everyone. My family discovered the local gravediggers at a cemetery recently dug a fresh grave over my grandmother's grave/burial plot. The fresh grave takes at least half of my gravemother's plot. It must be partially buried on top of her or some of her vault could have been destroyed to make space for this new grave. I took pictures from multiple angles. The pictures clearly show half of my grandmother's plot has been taken by a new grave. I have never seen this happen at any cemetery. Part of my grandmother's vault may have been damaged during the process of the new grave. What can me and my family do to have the gravedigger fix my grandmother's burial plot? Can we claim damages? This. I worked at a cemetery for 3 years and in some areas a vault wouldn't line with the headstone so the grave look shifted until we laid fresh sod a lot of places have a state cemetery regulatory body/board/commission whatever. See if your state does and contact them. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. All good, just lookin' out. Don't want to provoke the mods =D. Rug roh I’ll take it out :) You're not supposed to solicit PMs here, just FYI. Thank you very much for the detailed information. You pointed me in a good direction. I will start by rechecking the contract and checking measurements. My family will contact the funeral office or gravedigger.  Odds are that her headstone is not quite aligned, in fact an entire line of headstones may be misaligned.  Hi there. I am not a lawyer, but I managed a cemetery for several years. I’m in Arkansas so the laws may be different, even though we are neighbors :) The good news is- It is possible that they damaged her vault but it’s very unlikely. What probably happened is that her headstone was not in the right spot and when they measured to dig the grave, they discovered the issue. That happened every now and then at my cemetery. If the cemetery has an office, I would start there. Bring the burial plot documents like a contract, receipt, or deed if possible (but not necessary.) Just tell them who you are and what your concerns are. More than likely, they will explain what happened and offer to make it right. If the cemetery does not have an office, check the new grave for a name. You can google the obituary and see which funeral home buried the new person. You can call them and see if they can help you find out who is responsible for the damage (start with the grave digger). Also, most cemeteries have at least one contact person. Any local funeral home should be able to contact someone about almost every cemetery. In cemeteries with an office on site, they typically handle every aspect of the burial in house, like grave digging and providing the lowering device and/or vault. Some cemeteries don’t handle any of that, again this depends on the type of cemetery. You could have up to 4, maybe more, parties involved in the burial. The funeral home, grave digger, vault company, cemetery staff, etc. Also be aware, graves are usually not as wide as you think they are. In my cemetery, they were only 3.75 feet wide. That could vary widely depending on the type of cemetery. Anything from 3.5 to 5 feet is pretty normal. It’s possible there there was an issue during the burial of your grandmother’s new neighbor. If you guys have been getting as much rain as we have, it’s possible the ground was so saturated the the grave they dug collapsed. When this happens, the walls of the grave start to cave in and it can take chunks of sod with it. Hope that helps! Not legal-advice, just life-advice. Do you have a documents that states the exact space your grandmothers grave is? My mother has died early and on her graveyard people tended to enlarge graves year by year by simply planting flowers a little more, creating real issues. If you are 100% sure, ignore my comment obviously.  It may just be a mistake, but cemetery scams involving moving bodies to resell plots or double stacking coffins are not unheard of. There was a high profile case a few years back involving the Burr Oak Cemetery where Emmett Till is buried. Frankly, what I would do is contact a lawyer to get on the cemetery’s case and consider contacting the police to notify them that your grandmother’s grave has been desecrated.