 As the title suggests, I’m here for advice. We pay our rent online and have since November, on February 14 our landlord told us that our January rent never went through, even though I have emailed receipts dating back to November for each month we’ve paid online. Since she waited to tell us Until February 14, our February rent had already been paid. I have shown her the receipts dating back, as well as the bank statements that were very confusing. The bank statements for January just show five or six small amounts of a range of $60-$25 being charged from the online payment site. I never received anything from the online site saying that rent had not been paid or was returned or anything of that sort. Just a receipt the same as all the other months I’d paid. Everyone that I have talked to has said this sounds very fishy and weird, my question is if it is legal if I have emailed receipt and she waited so long to tell us, is she legally able to make us back pay fo January’s rent?  Okay thank you, that makes much more sense that it’s up to landlords discretion. We have lived here 6 years and never had issues so I know she truly doesn’t want to evict us. We have decided to go back to paper checks after this weirdness with the website. Thank you so much for your time and help 😊  Nothing would stop a landlord from accepting a payment just because the account was delinquent or the payment submitted did not fully resolve the delinquency. Some landlord might choose not to accept payments that didn't fully resolve the delinquency, opting instead to evict.  Thank you for your input. I have no issue paying it back, as the bank statement did look like it showed an error. I’ve just heard that a landlord can not accept a new months rent if another month previously was not payed, along with fact she waited a month and a half to even tell us. I wasn’t sure if there was a limit of time for her to inform us? Probably not but I wanted to make sure because she saw us multiple times and we had her call maintenance several times during that time. It seems she had plenty of times she could have told us. It’s all just confusing really. But I’m sure she’s within her rights, she is usually very punctual.  Your landlord is legally able to make you pay your rent. Payment processing errors not withstanding. If your rent hasn't been paid, you should pay it. Even if several weeks have passed since it was due. $60-$25 being charged from the online payment site. It sounds like there was some kind of error. You should account for whatever was withdrawn from your account, validate that your landlord has it, and pay the difference. 