 Not really sure if this is a good place to ask this but here it goes anyways. My father had two ablations done early last year. He continues to have problems so he went to his Dr and said that he wanted to be referred to a specialist in Birmingham. The Dr said that he couldn't refer my father until he ran tests. So for all of January he wore a heart monitor and had an appointment on Feb 25th to go over the results. If anything was out of the ordinary they were supposed to give us a call. No call. So on Feb 3rd my mom called and asked if everything was okay. The receptionist said that everything was okay. My father had a major heart attack Feb 10th at his home and had passed before the ambulance could get there. On Feb 17th my mom had a Dr appointment and decided to stop by and get the results of my father's monitor. They only tracked his monitor for 2 weeks instead of the month they said. Of the 2 weeks the monitor sent information for 6 days 10 hours and 5 mins. They had a phone number on his paperwork that he hasn't used in years. His baseline heart rate was set at 105 bpm. He had 2 "severe" episodes and 5 "moderate" episodes. On three occasions his heart rate went to around 160 bpm. One lasted 27 minutes, another 24 minutes, and another 4 hours and 17 minutes. A certified cardiac technician reviewed every episode he had. On the paperwork it shows that the Dr hasn't even signed off on the paperwork. And on top of that whenever my mom went in to ask for the paperwork they just handed it to her. They didn't ask for her ID or how she new the patient or anything. I say all of that to say this. If his death could have been avoided we want to sue. My father was only 53 years old. He left a wife. He left 3 children. He left 4 grandchildren (who he died in front of) and one grandchild he'll never seen. We don't want anyone to have to lose someone they love because of these people's negligence. Thanks so much for any replies. Call the Alabama Bar Association, they can probably help you with a referral. I-800-354-6154.  My mom talked to one in Montgomery and they said we didn't meet their criteria. I asked her what criteria we didn't meet and she said she didn't know. Thanks for the reply. You should consult an lawyer who specializes in medical malpractice. You can talk to an attorney who does medical malpractice. But since medmal is so fact specific its beyond the scope of what we can advice about here. The question isn’t if he could have done more, its if the care that was provided fell below the standard of care for professionals in his field.