 This is my first post and I'm also on mobile so sorry for bad grammar, etc... Sorry if I don't get the rules correct. So I go to a highschool in Kentucky where another student has threatened to shoot me, threatened to torture me with a blow dart gun, made gunshot gestures and my head countless times, and lots more. It started at the beginning of the 2018-2019 school year, we have two classes together. I don't sit near him in the first class with him and in the second I sit across the table from him, away from the teacher. I had over heard him talking about a list he had and the rankings on it. I asked him about it and he said it was +100 long and that I was near the 7th spot on it. I would ask him weekly about my spot and I would move up each week. Recently I have been in the first spot for awhile. He has written me and my friends names on bullets, or so he says, and threatened to kill them to. He says he has +700 firearms, 7000 rounds of ammunition, and 700 rounds on school grounds. There's so much to tell that I don't know what is important to tell, so if more is needed I will provide. I haven't told anyone about the situation. I'm not sure what else to add so tell me and I'll add it. Thanks for reading. Teens have compromised decision making skills and tend to shoot their mouths off. No pun intended.  ... are you trying to imply that anyone in the right mind doesn't already know that "it is wrong to threaten to shoot people" Good thing YOU arent the police. And the police arent expecting you to physically drag him to the station. This isnt an episode of a tv show, call the police. Tell the school admins. Tell your parents. These threats arent a joke. You already know what you should do, you just dont want to do it. Like what? The kid is huge and I'm a twig I am I get the feeling you’re asking us for permission to do something illegal. We won’t do that for you. Call the cops, stupid.  Then you should definitely call the police. He can't shoot you from jail. If you go STRAIGHT to the police NOW I'm guessing they will apprehend him as rapidly as then can. Nobody tolerates this shit and neither should you.  Make sure you tell the police he said that. If he has made the threats on multiple days or occasions tell them that too. Be a specific as you can, but only tell them what you actually remember him saying. Are you a minor? Tell your parents and they can help you contact the police if you want to do it that way. You could always print out an article about someone making a school shooting threat being arrested and leave it on his desk or in his bag? I'm guessing he doesn't understand how serious these things are taken. They will turn his life upside even if he doesn't have access to a weapon.  Call the cops bro, this is some serious shit. Don't be scared of him. He cant shoot you if hes in jail. collect proof of the threats. NAL - but a teacher. This has been going on long enough for him to move you up a list?? You call the police. Right now. Talk to your parents, and the administration as well. But call the police. This is larger than yourself - it can be intimidating to call the police; calling 911 is daunting in and of itself and as you say - this kid is saying he will shoot you if you do. Police do not take kindly to people scaring others away from phoning them, so relax when I say they will make damn sure this kid can't pose a threat to you. Having a list with names moves him from the passive category: "idea of a shooting" to the active category: "planning out a shooting." It's a very large red flag. Even if he is not serious about it at all, he needs to have his world rocked by the law before he grows into an adult who finds behavior like this acceptable. Lastly, ask yourself how you will feel if he does shoot up the place, and somehow you survive - with the knowledge you could have prevented it? CALL THE GOD DAMNED POLICE. There's much more of a likelihood that he will shoot you if you DON'T. Not legally, no. There's no "Bully Court" that doesn't involve violence. In the post-Columbine nation, as school shootings have become frequent the amount of fear such a threat causes has made the threats themselves more frequent. It has also made police and administrators very sensitive to these sorts of threats and behavior. They are not going to say "well, boys will be boys, no big deal". If your school has a police "Resource Officer", go to them. Or to a school counselor. Or just walk into the administrative office and ask to speak to the principal or a vice-principal. This is not an act of bravado or of cowardice: it's just plain good sense.  I meant 700 rounds of ammo, sorry. Its a bit hard to avoid him, but I'll try Having myself been a victim of bullying, I am sympathetic to your feelings of fear. However, you absolutely 100% need to report this to police and school authorities. If you do not, it will not stop, it will escalate.  Okay, I just wanted to know if there was another way to deal with this  Of course he did. If you do nothing, it seems like he plans to shoot you anyway. You should probably do something to make sure that doesn't happen. Like tell the police. Immediately. Also tell them that he threatened to kill you if you told the police.  What's your legal question, then ? You either tell the administration and the police, or you continue to be terrorized by this dipshit. Not if the police are there. You don’t need to tell him you called. By the time he figures it out he’s already with the police and they’ve started searching his car, locker, home, etc. PLEASE call the police. Dial 911, tell them you’re being threatened by another student who says they have a gun.  Although this kid is clearly full of shit about having 700 firearms on school grounds, you should take his threats of violence seriously. Talk with your parents or a teacher or a school counselor ASAP. If they don't take you seriously, call the police directly. In the meantime, try to avoid this dude as much as possible. Asking him about where you are on his kill list is only giving him the opportunity to terrorize you. He said he would shoot me. He said he would shoot me if I did. You need to tell administration immediately, and if they don't take you seriously, call the police yourself.  Call the police. Contact the school's administration. 