 I have been best friends with him for almost 2 years I have never loved anyone as unconditionally as this I never loved him romantically but he did, he was obsessed, and was controlling and abusive. I got in a relationship, he left for a while, came back and everything was so much better. Then he raped me. I knew I had to call the police, I did. After a month or two, we started talking again, I forgave him, I missed him, we were slowly trying to heal together. It’s been 6 months since then and he was finally contacted by the investigator. He wants to turn himself in and go no contact. I want to drop the charges. He doesn’t want me to. I am so broken What can I do? How do I drop the charges without further consequences or investigations or questioning? If he goes to prison, he goes to prison because of what he did. You are not sending him to prison. You cannot drop the charges. This is out of your hands once you report it to the police. You can choose not to cooperate further with the investigation. If this goes to trial, you may be subpoenaed at some point in the future. If that happens, you will have to testify, and you must be truthful or you will be committing the crime of perjury. There's an extremely high chance it won't get that far, though. On a non-legal note, I would strongly recommend that you reach out to [RAINN]() or a similar group for support during this time. They are nonjudgmental and will understand how complex these situations can be and how difficult it can be to deal with the aftermath of being raped by someone you love. They are always 100% free and 100% confidential so you don't have to worry about what you tell them getting out, even to the police. Your friend is going to prison because of their own actions. This is not your fault. You cannot drop the charges at this point but you could refuse to cooperate. They may or may not need your cooperation though. You should seek therapy for the damage he has done to you. None of this is your fault.  You don't file charges, the district attorney does. You can choose not to cooperate with the investigation. But for what he did to you, there need to be repercussions.  You do not have that right. If a crime was committed, the DA will determine if they want to move forward with pursuing charges against this friend (who isn't really a friend).   You can't drop the charges -- that would be up to the DA and the DA alone. You can communicate your unwillingness to participate in the case, which may cause the DA to give up on pursuing the charges, but it's no guarantee. He should consult a criminal defense attorney before turning himself in.