 Recently, I discovered that there is a default judgement on a debt against me over an old bank loan from 10 years ago. I borrowed about $4,000 at that time. It was while I lived in Arkansas. A year later, I moved to Texas and the bank knew of my address change to an address in Texas. I was still paying for this loan. But I ran into a financial difficulty so I stopped making the payments when there were about $1,800 left in principal. While I lived in Texas for about 3 more years, I expected to hear something from the bank but I didn't. Then I moved up to here in Kansas about 4 years ago. I got an order to appear in court within Kansas. I found out during my appearance that it was because there was a default judgement filed against me in Arkansas while I was living in Texas. The filing and judgement was nearly a year after the last payment. The reason I was ordered to appear here in Kansas was for examination which when I had to share what bank account I had, required to allow them to scan my driver license, etc. I found out that they wanted $8,000 at the time when I appeared in court in Kansas. They provided me copy of the judgement. After making phone calls and obtaining papers, it was discovered that they served my mother and she responded in handwriting that I did not live at that address. Later that day after I appeared in Kansas court, I made a phone call to this lawyer firm who filed against me in Kansas. During that phone conversation, I made an offer of $1,500 to pay off this debt. It was based on the researches I made and the memory of what I owed without interest. I got a counter-offer after this lawyer firm consulted with its client: $1,800 to settle it which is the actual remaining amount of the principal. Then I just got the letter from them with this offer: $1,800 to pay off and it includes their satisfaction of the judgement to be issued. What I am really interested in is to get this account removed from my credit history. There is no pay to delete option. I have until March 15 to send them the funds of $1,800 to get the satisfaction of the judgement but it may stay on my credit history for the next 7 years? Another option seems that I can file for the motion to be set aside in the Arkansas courts based on the fact that the bank knew that I was not a resident of Arkansas at that time of the suit. I was improperly served. Then when the motion is set aside, I expect that I will have a motion filed against me in Kansas courts. Instead of waiting for this filing of a suit against me, I will offer the amount of $1,800 to settle this outside of the courts. If they accept, then I think that my credit history will not have this account there anymore? Is this reasonable? Or are there other better alternatives? Or is that "satisfaction of the judgement" not that bad? You seem to have a fairly clear command of the options. Though you might note that if you cause the attorney for the judgment creditor to do additional work on this case now, the amount they're willing to accept in compromise may change. Certainly your credit score would be higher without the judgment than with. And, depending on your other credit factors, perhaps considerably so. "satisfaction of the judgement" not that bad? Everything is relative. A public records of this sort on your credit file has a fairly significant impact. Even when paid.