 It's a long story, but I'll keep it concise: I worked at a franchise store for several months, but I soon realized that the owner was unstable. The utilities would get shut off every month like clockwork, calls from the local tax authority and he totally mismanaged the business. After being on the job for a bit, tried to force himself on me several times, and groped/assaulted me on several occasions. I was disabled from a TBI, and I needed to keep the job as it didn't require any lifting or high functioning skills like typing, which was hard to find in the area. I switched to shifts so I wouldn't be alone with him. Eventually it was too much so I quit. After I quit he began making public posts with the franchises's social media accounts - not his own - to harass me, accusing me of theft and the whole bit. With each demand take them down, he would only get more brazen. So I hired a local employment attorney. During the free consult, he seemed professional and trustworthy. I thoroughly explained who was to be sued and why and provided a typed list of with the owner's name, his franchisee corporation name, address and info. When I retained him and handed over the check, he couldn't get me out of the office fast enough. Before I left, I again confirmed with him who was to be sued and he just kept saying "deep pockets" as he ushered me out. Several days later I get the summons, and he sued not the owner's franchisee corporation, but the corporate HQ instead, which I never asked him to do and he never ran the decision by me. At this point he has now used up nearly my entire retainer of $1.5K to simply fill out a 1 page summons form, and he hasn't had to write a complaint or review any contracts or legal documents. The billing was suspect, like rather than faxing the documents to their local office, he billed me for over an hour of driving at his full hourly rate when they have a lawyer sitting in an office next to the courthouse. A few days later, the lawyers of the corporate HQ call him. He misses the call. Then their accountant calls me and says that they need another $1.5K to continue on the case. I sent a check that day and email both the accountant and lawyer saying the check has been mailed. My lawyer refuses to take the call or return any calls until my check clears as the opposing counsel is calling daily! So mid phone tag trying to resolve the case quickly and cheaply, my lawyer refuses to talk to the other counsel even after being told payment is in the mail. I couldn't believe it. By the time my check was deposited, the other counsel would no longer return my lawyers calls. Now negotiations have stalled solely due to my lawyers actions. He then tries to pitch me on an even bigger retainer to proceed with drafting the complaint, and I instead inquired again about the actual business corporation being left off the summons. I reiterated why the corp should have named as well, and he tells me he wants to run it by their "chief litigator" and will get back to me. He ended up charging me over $750 for that one phone call, both his rate and the other lawyer. The result of the call was to tell me how the corporate HQ would try to claim a lack of liability and that my case against them might not be that strong, after it was his decision to sue only them. It's not a complex issue and he should have been able to answer it himself. It shouldn't have taken 2 lawyers an hour while I'm getting double billed to come to the same conclusion I originally came up with in the original consult. I declined to proceed with any additional work. I sent emails asking for my remaining retainer of several hundred dollars. No reply... I assume it's in the mail. Nothing for 6 months. Then I get a boilerplate letter saying my account is inactive and no check is enclosed. Had I not been dealing with a TBI and now brain tumor, I would have been much more livid and demanded my money. I did some more digging and found that he has only 1 positive review and the rest were 1-star reviews saying he only cares about billable hours, was unprepared or he didn't even show up. He didn't do anything I asked him to, disobeyed my wishes, I'm out over $2,500 and all I have to show for it is a publicly available summons form. I feel like he committed malpractice, and I think I should get a full refund. What is the best course of action to take? In PA, USA. TL;DR: Lawyer sued wrong person, couldn't even play phone tag, charged $750 for a phone call and won't return my retainer.  The first course of action for any misbehavior by any bar-accredited lawyer is to report them to their bar association. Bar discinplinary boards are notoriously strict, as the reputation of lawyers in our society is already bad enough--they can put all sorts of fines and temporary (or permanent) restrictions on a lawyer's legal practice if they(bar) are suitably convinced that said lawyer has negatively impacted the reputation Contact the bar  You can file a complaint here: You can also reach out and let the county bar association know what's going on. I'm sorry this has happened to you. We don't all suck. But... some of us do. Best of luck to you!