 Location: Melb, AUS. Friend of mine has ordered shoes online. She ordered them around mid October and the shipping details said 2-5 weeks. After that time period had passed and she still hadn’t received the shoes she contacted the owner of the page where she bought the shoes from and he said there was something wrong with her address and it should be getting sent. More time passed and she still hadn’t got them and he said there was something wrong with the mailing service and they should be arriving soon. Again, even more time had passed and it was now December, he said we would refund her the money (almost 300 AUD) and now more than a month later she still hasn’t gotten the money. When the owner was contacted about this he simply replied with “I can’t control how long the bank takes” She bought the shoes from an American business and the owner would be sending money from US. Just need advice on if it takes more than a month for banks to transfer money or if he’s just avoiding paying how to approach this. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Why didn't you use PayPal? I would never do a direct deposit especially overseas. In my experience transfering money cross continent usually doesnt take more than 1 month (for the refund) so i really dont know what to do..  Ordered them in mid October. Around 2 and a half months.  Oh i see, how long was it since she ordered them? Oh lol I got confused. These shoes are handmade by the person who owns the thing and she wanted that pair specifically. You can’t find them anywhere else that’s why she bought them online? Don’t see how this is relevant.  What does you being located in the AUS and not the US have to do with the situation? Are there no actual stores in Australia? It’s an online brand owned by one person and doesn’t have any physical stores. Even if there were physical stores we’re located in AUS and not in the US  One question. Why order shoes online? Wouldnt going to the retailer and buying them there be way easier and better?