 Live in Richmond, VA Bought car in Pennsylvania TL;DR at bottom Late September of 2018 I bought a 2003 Subaru Outback for $4000 from a private dealer in PA. I live in Richmond, VA, but had family up there that swore by this guy and his cars. This was my first vehicle purchase, (f19) so I didn’t think much of it. I asked the dealer specifically if the car was rusty underneath (from PA snowy roads), and he told me he got all his cars from down south. The AC also didn’t work when I test drove it, and I told him that, which he then checked and told me it was blowing out icy cold air, I just needed to let it run longer. Red flags, but I’m naive and know nothing of cars, so okay. Well, fast forward to about 4 weeks later, and I have to pay to get the AC fixed because surprise, it didn’t work. The radio still doesn’t work. I had to get the brake line replaced because it was rusted. Between the costs of fixing it and having to take Ubers to and from work, I spent about $850. Additionally, my mechanic down here checked the VIN for me and said it had lived in New York it’s whole life, so definitely not from the south, and that the whole bottom was covered in rust, which is another thing he lied about. Fast forward a few months and I find out it needs a head gasket replacement, power steering belt replacement, rear left sway bar link replaced, timing belt and water pump, and the tire rod. Which would cost me around $2050 to do. I’ve also had to replace both tires since they popped. I know I was super naive, and I really don’t need people telling me I was stupid. I already know that. I just want to know if there’s anything I can do? I bought it as is, so I know I’m grasping at straws, but this guy really screwed me over so I’m trying at least. I don’t have proof of him lying to me other than witnesses (my family and boyfriend) I just have proof I bought it from him, and receipts from all the fixes. Also forgive me if I get anything about the car wrong, I don’t really know much and I’m going off of what my boyfriend translated to me. TL;DR Bought a used car, I’ve been getting it fixed left and right, now I’m facing getting it scrapped or selling it cheap. Is there anything I can do?  I'm very sorry this happened to you. Always have a mechanic check out a used car, especially from private dealers. You have no recourse.  There’s nothing you can do, legally. However, if he cares about his reputation you can see if he’ll refund you part of the money. 