 Hello all- I have been struggling with this situation since October and have no idea what to do- financially unavailable to acquire an attorney and too emotionally broken to handle this myself. Long story short: My Mother and Step-Father (who I both loved dearly - talked to and visited atleast weekly and will refer to as my Father from here) own property and a small home in rural ND. The home and property taxes are paid for currently- about 5 acres plus CRP, barn, outbuildings, etc. We lost my Father suddenly and swiftly on Father's Day of 2016 to colon cancer - he was a disabled Vietnam Vet. The house is in his name. After this- My Mother (her story is for a different thread- she had health problems she didn't take care of -animal hoarder- birds cats dogs all -not the best ma but not the worst) couldn't take care of herself- us kids tried everything- doing chores and taking her shopping-paying her bills, etc -even calling social services -the local PD - even the local EMS everything she wouldn't let us help her. THEY DID NOTHING!! My sister, cousin and I (her go to peeps) met together and decided we weren't doing it anymore- she had no running water or snow removal -was in a wheelchair eventually- offered her to come live with us and we would take care of her and whatever she needed - even got her admitted to the hospital but she left on her own- she refused to leave the animals... A huge NASTY mean verbal /text fight ensues- we put our foot down that we aren't helping anymore - tough love (bad advice don't do it) last thing she said to me was I leaving her to die- only texted her once in a month testing the waters but her response was cold and non apologetic. I received a call on a random Thursday afternoon - from (the worst most incompetent coroner I have ever dealt with and I worked for the ME for years btw Nelson County, ND) she had baby chickens at the mail box she didn't pick up so her post office friend found my mother dead - wrapped in a blanket on the floor - her house was disgusting before - she (unknown to me) had a peacock living IN THE HOUSE for a year before this- and 5 dogs- one dog was dead and is dead in the house still. When I talked to the coroner her body was so badly decomposed and eaten up by the animals I wasn't even allowed to see her or know how she died. Now to the point of my questions: the house is in my Step Father's name - he is disowned from his own children that I have never met- the house is unlivable obviously from the long backstory- do I have any rights to sell or transfer the property to myself? If so would this make me liable for all debts? I want to burn down that POS house (local FD agreed) and rent or keep the land. Do I just go about my own plan and lay low or go through the government and possibly lose the property and so take on their debt? (There is no will- life insurance savings etc- we could not even afford to give either of them a funeral)  What happens when someone passes is that everything they own (Assets) and debts are now considered their "estate." If they have a will, it is executed in court; if they don't have one, the estate goes through court but through a different process called probation. In that process, someone is appointed executor - sometimes it's the next of kin (you), or someone appointed by the court. That person will settle all debts then distribute any remaining assets. The executor is not personally responsible for any debt (no matter what any company tells you, sometimes they try to be scummy and insist you have to) but it does mean that the property might have to be sold to cover debts. Anything remaining would be disbursed to heirs. (You and any other siblings) That's why I said if you have the means to do so you could offer to purchase the property from the estate if there are enough debts that it has to be sold.  What do you mean by the "Estate?" Clarification: You mention a father, then step father. If both your mother and the stepfather (whose name the property is under) are dead, then the entire property has to go through the probate process. The debt won't be assigned to you, but the estate will need to pay it - and many times that does mean that the property will need to be sold in order to pay debts. It's possible, if you are in a position to do so, you could make an offer to buy the property. There is no real "lay low" option here. If your name isn't on the title, you can't do anything with it. You could try to rent it out and fly under the radar, but as soon as the government figures out you don't own the property it will be handled and you may not like the results. 