 Sorry, shit title. My family put my grandparents house on the market a month ago. A week after, two brand new iPhones showed up with my grandma’s name on it. No chance she ordered them - she was alive when the order took place but she wasn’t in a position to use a phone or know her social or anything. My mom was staying at the house for a few weeks so she found the phones. She called Verizon and they said it must be fraud and to return the phones. Later that day, someone left a note on the door saying “you took my iPhones”. There was a car outside watching the house that night, and when someone knocked on the door at 3 am, My mom called the cops. They did a sting the next day and eventually arrested the criminals. The cops kept the phones “to investigate”. Verizon keeps calling my mom saying that they need the phones back and that we’re responsible for the cost of them. We never signed for them, we didn’t order them, etc. In my eyes, Verizon put my family in a ton of danger by setting up an account without verifying my grandma’s identity so if they want the phones back then they can go get them. My grandma is dead now so she obviously isn’t going to be liable but are we?  Ya, the people calling/texting me were FURIOUS I dared to call them, then say 'wasn't me', and didn't understand cloning/spoofing/etc. at all. I'm much more chill when I do. Usually goes "hi did you call me? No, ah, my apologies" sometimes I'll add have a good one before hanging up. Though I can see the hassle you mentioned. Hi. As someone who gets those random callbacks, please stop. Let it go to voice mail - if it's a corporate communication they will leave a message. If it is not, they hang up. People can retain spoofed phone numbers. You never do a direct call back or call the number in the message. You take the contact information provided and then research it, and call the number on any official corporate communications - i.e. website, bills, card itself, whatever. I've gotten so many 'YAH JEWST CARLED ME FROM DIS NUMBER WHAT THE FUCK DID YU WANT?!?!' that I stopped replying or answering. My parents were getting calls about my uncle's outstanding debts for like five years after he died. Debt collectors are awesome. Make sure someone reports her SSN as inactive since she passed, or you'll spend a lot of time answering calls with "grandma is dead sorry" and returning collections letters with DESEASED written on them. Source: still fielding letters from my dads passing in 2017.  Something ive been doing lately is let a phone call ring out if i dont know them, and then call it back, if its someone random who claims they didnt call me, i know the person on the other end was spoofing and likely meant me no good. Was just about to say this. It doesn’t sound like something that Verizon would say.  If Verizon contacts you, inform them that the phones are evidence in a criminal fraud investigation since Verizon shipped two iphones to your deceased Grandmother. Give them the detective's phone number. You and your family are not responsible for paying for Verizon unless you ordered the phones or were complicit in the crime. The only member of your family who Verizon can make any argument owes money is your deceased grandmother. But since the phones were fraudulently ordered in her name and the cops have arrested suspects in this case, that argument will go nowhere. At this point, Verizon can pursue the arrested suspects for the money owed, or make a claim with your grandmother's estate (which will likely go nowhere.) The police likely will not turn over the phones until the criminal matter is resolved, which will probably take a while. I had an eerily similar situation. My mom actually did place an order for a brand new phone a week or two before she died when she wasn't mentally competent. Verizon wouldn't take the phones back in return for canceling the contract and kept demanding I buy out my mom's contract along with an early termination fee. Once I made it clear I had no intention to assume the debt and they were welcome to seek their fee in probate, I never heard from them again. Unless you reaffirm the debt as your own, it's not yours. Verizon's recourse is to make a claim in probate of the estate. If you were in possession of the phones and wouldn't return them, I could see Verizon having some sort of case, but with the cops holding them, their claims seem baseless. What a story!  First, sorry for your loss. This sort of nonsense happens way too often. Short answer, you and your family aren't likely to be found liable. Debt cannot be inherited unless you assume responsibility for the debt. Nothing you've conveyed here suggests you assumed that responsibility. I'd ignore Verizon until they decide to escalate and then tell them "too bad, she's deceased." The day my grandfather died, his nurses aide ordered phones in his name from Verizon and had them shipped to his vacant home where she picked them up. Awful woman.  Are you sure it is even Verizon calling you? Could it be possible that it's part of the stolen phone ring trying to get the phones?  This is what I was going to say. Likely the person from Verizon has no clue what that actual law is. The next time they call just tell them that the police have them and to stop calling you. Just remember is some low level employee calling with no authority, you will need to escalate to someone in charge.  If someone commits fraud you don't get to keep the proceeds regardless of who orders it. It's fraud on the part of whoever ordered it, certainly. However, the estate/heirs were not party to that. Turning the phones over to the police was clearly the right thing. What happens after the police return the phones seems less obvious.  So you think anybody can order whatever they want under a dead person's account and not have to pay for it? Where did you hear that? On big point here is that you are not and will never be responsible for the cost of the phones from Verizon. If they continue to call tell them to contact the police department. If you have the contact details of the investigating officers give them the contact details. If not give them the non emergency number of the police department. Nope. People really need to stop linking that, as the merchandise in this case was intentionally ordered, just fraudulently, and you can't benefit from someone else's criminal acts by keeping the items.  This might also be considered unordered merchandise:  Isn’t there a law that if you are mailed something that you didn’t order, you’re free to keep it? Ask the police officer you were dealing with for a report stating that they are holding the phones as evidence. Send that to verizon along with the officer's contact info and tell them to take it up woth the police. Keep copies of the police report in case verizon sends you to collections. No you aren't liable. Even if your grandmother had actually purchased the phones you wouldn't be liable. Now her estate might be liable but it will take months for Verizon to get to the point they will sue her and that will be an interesting court case if it gets to that point. And what they are more likely to do is send it to collections at which point the answer is "Sorry, grandmother is dead". I'm sorry to be flippant because I'm also very sorry for your loss. Send them a copy of the police report that should help deal with the situation for now. Let them know the phones were turned over to the police and they can take any issues they have up with them. They have no grounds to successfully sue your grandmother's estate and you are not responsible for any of your grandmothers debts.