 To give some background on my situation, I was born in Canada in 89’. Then I moved to the DFW area in Texas in 96’ because of my parent’s occupations. I obtained a green card in 01’, making me eligible to apply for a citizenship in 06’ but for some reason didn’t happen right away. I then graduated high school in Texas in 07’ and went on to community college in 08’. I then decided to move back to Canada shortly after in the same year to attend school there while keeping my permanent residency. I then moved back to Texas in early 2010 to finally apply for the citizenship but due to some family issues and being unable to find a steady job, I stupidly moved back to Canada 5 months later. A couple years went by and I finally went to the US embassy to have my permanent residency revoked mainly to avoid legal issues. Now I’m am the only person in my family without dual citizenship and I’m wondering if I have to start all over. Also, I’m now a carpenter which I imagine would be extremely difficult to get a visa for if I were to move back to the USA. My immediate family still live in Texas and I would like to have the choice to join them should I choose so. I feel as much an American as I do a Canadian seeing as I grew up saying the American and Texas pledge everyday growing up. Hopefully y’all can shed some light on this and I thank everyone in advance for the read and any advice you give.  I imagine I don’t fulfill these conditions due to the fact that my parents became US citizens in 2010 when I was 21 years old and I was no longer living in Texas at the time. Thank you for the quick reply. [At any point, did you fulfill all of the following conditions at the same time?]() .S. citizen when all of the following conditions have been met on or after February 27, 2001: [2] The child has at least one parent, including an adoptive parent [3] who is a U.S. citizen by birth or through naturalization; The child is under 18 years of age; The child is a lawful permanent resident (LPR); [4] and The child is residing in the United States in the legal and physical custody of the U.S. citizen parent. [5] … You can also ask in /r/askimmigration and /r/immigration.