 I got caught shoplifting, I had no money and could afford it I work two job to live on my own and go to school and sometimes I make cuts like choosing to eat and I have to go to court I explained the situation to the police office and the store manger they were understanding but I want to know if this will go on my record, I realized what I did was wrong and will never do this again in my life I learned my lesson.  You need to seek diversion especially if a first offense in keeping this off your record. You’ve probably been scheduled a pretrial hearing. Hiring a lawyer is best... otherwise you need to arrive early at pretrial and discuss diversion options with the prosecutor. You ask for a public defender at your first court appointment when you plead not guilty. You won’t get a pro bono attorney for the civil issue.  Plead not guilty and ask for one.  I can’t afford one how can I get a pro bono one? Don’t take legal advice from the police. You have two issues now—the criminal charges and the civil demand you’ll likely receive. An attorney is the best path forward from here.  That would depend on the charge and the officiating judge. Where you ticketed, or arrested, booked, magistrated, bail and/or bonded out? Or did the shop owner indicate they wanted to move forward in the process, pressing charges more or less? The best bet is to contact a lawyer and explain the situation. You should look into a pro-bono lawyer due to money. If you are arrested and found to be not able to afford one, a public defender will be appointed to you.  Would there be anyway to get it off my record? If you were given a class C misdemeanor, that will be a fine that will stay on your record. During a background check, it may come up as a class C misdemeanor or may show up as the actual charge. I would imagine that the charge will stay on your record regardless of conviction or penalty I have to go to court and the police officer said I would just have to pay a fine and that is it Your arrest is on record. If you are convicted, you will likely have a criminal record.