 Ok so I was pulled into a meeting and told because I requested help, they decided my department only had a budget of 100k a year. Therefor they were decreasing my pay by 15k a year to make room in the budget to hire someone. In my anger I gave them my two weeks notice. Since then I'm told a company cannot decrease pay without a demotion which they did not do. Im just wondering if I have any grounds for some sort of compensation in this situation, seeing as I have already submitted notice. In my notice I did mention the decrease of salary as the reason. I live in Canada, as I'm sure you need this information. Let me know if there's any other info required. Thanks! Fair enough, I was probably oversimplifying.  'at-will' is not a term that applies in Canada. While I don't necessarily disagree with your reasoning, my objection was more towards the generality of the statement "..doing so constitutes a form of termination." Situations such as a change in commission structure or bonus calculations can result in a reduction of wages without necessarily constituting a constructive dismissal. Where OP is located is also relevant as each Province has different standards. I live in Alberta I was just pointing out the US system. People seem to be assuming Canada works the same way in this thread, but they do actually have some basic worker protections in place, as opposed to all of that wonderful freedom (to get shafted) that we enjoy here in the US. Canada does not have at-will employment. We have employment that can be terminated on reasonable notice (unless a specific amount of notice at or above statutory minimums is specified in the employment agreement). The joy of 'at will employment' means you exist in a perpetual state of not having a contract until you actually clock in for a shift and begin work. Barring an actual employment contract, your employer can unilaterally lower your pay rate (in most of the US) and the only response you have for that is to clock in and begin work with the new terms, or quit. The only thing that can't do is lower your pay rate retroactively (for hours already worked). If you quit in response to the change, you may qualify for unemployment under constructive dismissal, but even that is not a given, and will depend on several factors.  Your wage/salary is a term of your contract. The discretionary elements of an employment agreement (like an annual bonus) can vary year to year, and hours of work and duties can be adjusted, but to the extent that your actual wage is in the contract, it cannot be amended unilaterally by one party any more than any other contract. Either the amendment needs to be agreed to by both parties or the employer can simultaneously terminate employment and offer new employment at a lower wage (the refusal to accept that offer could go to mitigation in calculating damages from the termination). I'm not sure what justifying factors you're referring to that would allow a unilateral amendment of the employment agreement but employment law isn't my area so I could you elaborate some more? This is how I've always understood the rules so if I'm wrong I'd definitely appreciate the opportunity to learn.  Which Province are you in, as each Province has their own Employment Standards.  He can mention that, but it is not at all true.  Not true at all. There are several factors that can be considered to justify a reduction in wages. The reduction itself does not necessarily result in a constructive dismissal. Okay. Thanks for the clarification. Cheaper? yes. Better? Hell no. the provincial employment standards people (NOT always the labour board, depending on province) will ONLY be able to get the statutory minimums for him. E.g. for a 2 year employee, 2 weeks notice. But chances are his common law damages are much much higher. As an extreme example, consider that in most provinces, statutory notice tops out at 8 weeks. An Ontario court recently gave an insurance exec 30 months. I think you may be eligible for unemployment. Usually quitting as a result of reduction in pay or changing to unworkable hours allows this. I was replying to the guy who said you couldn't legally do it in the US. There are more worker protections in Canada. Even in the US it can be considered constructive dismissal, but it isn't illegal. It just means you have a better shot at getting unemployment. That's just wrong. Your pay can be decreased, going forward without your consent (only notice). The employee offers de facto consent by continuing to work there. If you quit because of a substantial change in compensation, it can be considered constructive dismissal, meaning you may be eligible for unemployment despite quitting.  Wouldn't it be a better alternative (and cheaper) for him to seek out his province's labour board for information and assistance?  They can lower your pay, but doing so constitutes a form of termination of employment. In Canada, to terminate someone without cause, you need to give them a reasonable period of notice before firing them or pay them out that notice period.   't just pay someone less without an agreement. Where'd you get that idea? They can't lower your pay retroactively (as in for hours already worked under presumption of a specific rate), but barring contract, or specific state or local laws, your employer is free to inform you that your pay rate is changing on a specific date, and can set that for any amount they wish down to minimum wage. It's the policy at some of the crappier places I have seen to specifically lower your pay to minimum wage when turning in two weeks notice. It's shitty, but 100% legal as long as they are up front and inform you about it. I'll research exactly what constructive dissmisal is. In your opinion do you think this situation counts? Should I seek a consult with a lawyer? It sounds like probably more hassle than it's worth. Maybe I'm better off to just cut my losses and focus on finding a job. Then go see an employment lawyer because you may have a case for constructive dismissal.  You can't reduce someones rate of pay or change their compensation without consent. In the US, you can be fired for refusing a pay rate change, but employers can't just pay someone less without an agreement.  I'm fairly certain it's not illegal to reduce salary without a demotion. Your friend might have been referring to constructive dismissal in which case you would be able to sue for severance  My goal is to be employed making the money I need to support my family. Unfortunately there isn't much out there for work right now. Really I don't want to stay employed with this company. Hoping maybe I have grounds to push for some sort of severance to help me while I look for employment elsewhere. I was told this was a law in canada. Not sure whether it's provincial or federal, or if it's actually even a law. Dropping your pay by $15k could count as constructive dismissal. What are you goals here? Do you want to try to keep your job, or stay unemployed but get money because of constructive dismissal? Who told you that a company cannot decrease salary without a demotion? Is that your specific company policy that is in writing somewhere or did this person say it was a provincial or federal law? You may have better luck with /r/legaladviceca NAL. Mention the fact that they cannot reduce compensation without demotion and retract your notice. American here, but my current boss did nearly the same thing. Say it was a flurry of emotions. Any reasonable human would understand 