 I have a 14 year old daughter. Her father and I broke up shortly after she was born, and he has essentially abandoned her for years and then visited her a few times, then repeated the process again. The State of Illinois pursued child support because I used to be on Medicaid until I graduated college, earned my master's degree, and started my career. He has a court order to pay monthly child support and arrears. He does not pay. He earns most of his money in cash because he is a server. His paychecks are garnished, but they are literally a few dollars a month. He is supposed to make up the rest, but doesn't. Illinois Child Support Enforcement will not do anything because he pays "something." I have recently moved to Indiana, and I haven't gotten The State of Indiana involved yet. Are there options for me to get him to pay? Keep in mind, he doesn't exactly care about court orders, so taking him to court again might cost more stress and money than it is worth. There are plenty of legal mechanisms to protect you. If you search for an actual physical way of protecting yourself, you are wrong here. This is legal advice, nothing else. You can give someone a piece of paper, and be sure of punishment, but that might not prevent him from retaliating anyway. But that also doesn't mean you shouldn't do the right thing because he threatens you. We are in one of the worst clubs ever, but at least the company is good! My case is entering its seventh year, with five years of straight, never-ending litigation. Out of the multiple motions filed, I think all of mine have been counter-motions except for one: a motion to increase support, and that was partially filed because he quit paying on his arrears. He just declared that they were gone. He was paying $328/mo in support while his own income statements had him clearing between $6,000 and $13,000 monthly. He, of course, countered my motion with a motion to take full custody and move our child several states away. He, too, didn’t see our child for a few years and refused to parent him when we were together. With all that in mind, the mediator, a former elected judge, scolded me like a child for “poking the bear.” Oh, and charged me quite a bit of money to do so. My son’s Guardian ad Litem have me a lengthy lecture on how going to trial would be disastrous, and then threatened me financially. This was our sixth mediation. It’s such a shit-show. I am about $50,000 in debt over it, after having paid around $20,000. And it’s not over, he sued me in civil court, too. My ex is a particularly virulent narcissist who has piles of money to throw at this. I advise anyone who can avoid litigation to do everything they can to do so. Your ex has very little to lose. They won’t significantly penalize him. Since you have full custody, you have everything to lose. My ex went from supervised visitation only (he threatened murder/suicide and let our child access firearms) to now having standard visitation, which is about 25% custody.  Also, while I appreciate the sentiment behind the little boy comment, please note there is a history of domestic violence. It isn't as simple as he is just being a child.  You get it!! I am sorry you had to go through what you did. The system really isn't fair. Others on here make it sound so simple, but it isn't. I did get some good advice though. As far as them filing a slew, that is another concern of mine. He has already threatened to sue for visitation. I am fine going to court for that, because I have always had full custody, and the judge wouldn't uproot her life so she lives with a stranger in another state. He MAY get some light visitation, but that would be iffy, considering he abandoned her for over 6 years with no contact, and she has no interest in seeing him. He also is probably trying to flex, but given his history, he will pretend she doesn't exist after the first visit anyway. Let's be honest-how much fun would it be to have visitation with a 14 year old girl who hates you? He doesn't have the prior bond to make it worthwhile. However, I don't want to waste the time, money, or cause stress to my daughter or I by taking him to court. I don't know whether I continue being the martyr, or assert my rights.  I understand why you wrote the first paragraph-It is frustrating that this man child is allowed to continue to be a deadbeat. Believe me, I have called, asked nicely, asked firmly, cried, and everything else, and I get nada from enforcement. It is really frustrating. Your second paragraph is what I was really looking for. What can I DO? I have done all of the obvious steps. (Besides the lawyer-I am just now finally in a position where that is an option.) Thank you!  There is a certain point at which it isn’t worth it to pursue support. The problem with filing a motion for enforcement, is that, since you’ll be in court anyway, the other party tends to start filing a slew of shit to see what sticks, including attempts to flip custody. He likely wouldn’t win, but in family court, it’s unlikely he wouldn’t gain something. It’s wrong and it’s disgusting, I know, but there are some parents who will never pay, and the courts are all over the place about penalizing. My lawyer has seen deadbeat parents dragged out of the courtroom by the bailiff and hauled off to jail. And then my ex didn’t pay for years and nothing happened, they just told him to pay the arrears at $100/month, with 6% simple interest. I wish I could finance the debt he put me in at those rates. Oh well, little boy can pout in the corner. Call child support enforcement back and ask why this situation is being allowed to continue. File a contempt motion and drag him back to court. Make him produce pay documents that show what he's claiming on tips. Make him demonstrate that he's accurately claiming tips and not simply avoiding taxes to reduce tax and child support orders. Speak to a family practice attorney and see if credit card tips can be intercepted as part of payroll in Illinois. That alone may help.  No, he doesn't own a home. I appreciate your help, though!! Good point about making him mad. I try to avoid that because he is an explosive type, and I know it won't make a difference in payment. I need to play hardball though. Keep in mind, I don't have the power to take his license and the Illinois Child Support Enforcement has already told me they won't. Is there a way to get a judge to do that? Then make him mad? It's one thing to live without a driver's license for a few years and another to go decades without one. Well, that is about all I have for ideas. If he owns a home, there is a chance you may be able to put a lien on the home. Then if he ever sells, you'll get your money.  They do. He doesn't get refunds because he has them withhold so little. They garnish his tax returns already, but he just has his job withold less for taxes, and therefore doesn't get tax returns. He owes instead. Losing his license or passport would not really do anything but make him mad. I thought they garnished tax refunds for child support arrears? Can you contact the agency handling the arrears and request an IRS garnishment?  The state can do things like withhold his tax return, take his drivers license, or his passport. But that will likely mean going back to court. 