 A little over a year ago my friend divorced her incredibly abusive, manipulative husband of 12 years. At the time, they agreed to leave his extremely frail 87 year old grandfather in the home because that's where he's been for 12 years and that's where he should stay. However, over the last year, we were contacted by the grandfather's case worker saying her ex husband was trying to get his grandfather removed from the home. The case worker told him he saw no reason for that to happen. So ex husband calls Senior and Disabled services and reports abuse, and they open a case. They spoke with the case worker who had been out to the house a week prior. So his input and a meeting with them concluded nothing was wrong, but it did raise a red flag for them about the ex. Good news for us. So fast forward to tax time...ex is mad because my friend won't let him claim one of the girls on his taxes. She has custody. She has them during the week and he has them most weekends. He hasn't paid more than 3 child support payments last year because he moved in with his new girlfriend and they had a baby that neither of them could afford. So again, he's being threatening about his grandfather. She has the Power of Attorney but he thinks he has rights because he's a blood relative. What can she do?  The threat do reporting unpaid child support just might get him to back off but if she has POA there is very little he can do  IANAL. Is the POA solely in her name? If so, as far as I know her ex can’t just make that poof and go away. If you don’t already know for sure, make sure you know whose name exactly the POA is in and get copies of all the paperwork. No need to take chances on paperwork for the POA not being readily available to be produced in case her ex starts something. I do believe that her ex does have rights, but it’s beyond the scope of my limited knowledge to elaborate further. I would look for a family law sort of lawyer that’s local to you and just have a consultation, those are usually cheap if not free. That way you’ll know for sure whether he can just be told to pound sand or if he actually has some merit. 