 So, as the post says I unknowingly filled my car with diesel fuel and drove it until I realized something was wrong. I was making a trip for work so I put nearly a hundred miles on it before I pulled off. I got it towed back to my home town which cost me $265. My tow is covered in my insurance, however I'm not sure if the damage will be. I've made an insurance claim but I wont hear back from them until Monday. I also wont hear what kind of condition my car is in until then either. I am wondering what happens if my insurance tells me it will not be covered? What kind of recourse can I take to ensure that I don't pay for these damages? From what I have heard, there are dozens of vehicles in shops across town right now because of this mess up. No you can not recover the difference between what is financed and damages. To use an extreme example. Say you hit my car (which has a blue book value of 10k). I still owe 20k on the loan. You owe me 10k (the amount it would take to buy my car). How do you know you have diesel instead of unleaded?  Cool thanks for the thorough answer! The car got dropped off after COB, they wont be back in until Monday to look at it Have you talked to the shop? They’ll direct you what they’ll do to get it taken care of.  Yes but it would take a significantly longer amount of time to get everything settled. Going through your insurance you have the luxury of things being settled faster and easier. Then your insurance can battle it out with the other party. In this case, it would be complicated and take a few weeks before liability and who is paying out is decided. Ok, what if OP has a high deductible and insurance doesn't cover the $265 tow service? Could OP go after the gas station for that?  Trust me, if you got it back you probably wouldn’t want to keep it. I would sell it if it isn’t totaled.  The gas station’s insurance will pay yours eventually. The truck driver’s employer’s insurance will pay the gas station.  Report it to your insurance or your companies insurance. They’ll battle it out with the lawyers.  In this case OP is honestly going to have faster service filing through their own insurance. It’s a pretty unique case. Also, if OP owed more than it’s valued, that’s on OP and they wouldn’t be successful in an additional suit. The party deemed at fault is responsible for the VALUE of the vehicle not the actual loan of the vehicle. This is where it’s very important to have gap insurance on your vehicle. It protects you against this.  Thanks for the reply. I think I just needed some assurance that it would be covered. I'm just anxious about the fact that I wont know anything until monday. I'm guessing my car will be totaled out. I had hit a deer back in October and I'm honestly surprised it didnt get totaled then. Now from what I hear about what diesel does to a gas engine I'm not holding my breath about getting it back anytime soon.  And if it's totaled and OP owed more than it's valued, that's actually a worst case scenario. In that case, I think OP can sue for the difference. OP needs to be very careful not to talk to opposing insurance and not to accept any check from opposing insurance that's less than total damages.  I possibly could be. But I like to know what can be done if the worst outcome does occur. I actually have worked in insurance on a similar case. The only difference was the lady didn’t know her husband’s truck can only take diesel (whew). That was covered under collision- and honestly it shouldn’t have been because it was stupid and her fault. Almost like a “hey let me get a few new motor in this truck thing” HOWEVER if the gas is improperly labeled, your comp insurance will likely cover it. Your insurance company will then go after the gas station. But it’s more than likely covered.  Seems like you're worrying about an unlikely outcome. What makes you think the insurance won't pay for damage to your vehicle?