 So this is a bit of a complicated situation but I need to find out if the storage spaces owner is liable in a civil suit for the theft of my trailer. Here are some of the facts There was never any contact made relating to the trailer being stored there, it was all verbal. I paid 50$ a month to store it there for an indefinite amount of time while I looked for another storage facility. The trailer was stolen from a storage area owned by and inside a Mobil home park. It was secured in a barbed wire fenced in area that was locked. At the time of the theft my trailer was also blocked in from many others being placed in front of it by management, also keeping me from being able to move it myself to another storage facility as the management refused to move any of the other trailers blocking the entrance/exit. When investigated by police they found that the lock was not broken, the trailers in the way had all been moved, and the security camera had caught a white Ford driving away with my trailer but the camera was tilted so that no license plate could be seen. When the officer called management and asked about the situation the manager told him two different stories. One, that it was sold on lein (although he had no paperwork to support this), then after realizing it was not even in my name the story was changed to- we have no idea what happened. There were multiple witnesses to this. The police in my area are not very thorough so this was not investigated further. Also the police report was not completed with accurate and comprehensive information it was basic and contained no specifics. The registered owner of the trailer is now filing a lawsuit against the mobile home park storing the trailer for the lost property but, with all of this I am not sure who is liable! Please help! Thank you in advance.  Thank you. Do you know who should be named in the case ? The owner of the park, the manager, or the park itself ?  Sounds like the owner of the trailer may have a shot at a small claims case. Yes. They had seen the park staff unlock the gate and move the other trailers for whomever stole it to take it. There are also witnesses who overheard the management say to the officer it was sold by the park on a supposed lein that did not exist then change their story to we don't know what happened.  You have a witness that can testify that they witnessed someone from the park participate in removing the trailer? That's what's frustrating. There would be proof if the officer had filed the report with more information. Other than that there is proof in the form of witnesses, the fact of no forced entry, and the other trailers being moved. Is that enough?  I'll say the same thing the judge will say. Prove it. If you can prove it, yes.  Also I'm pretty sure that the park stole it or at least facilitated the theft. Are they liable in any of that ? Ok so the park is not liable for it being stolen from their secured area at all? Thank you  The person who stole the trailer is liable. 