 [Texas] My roommate had been selling drugs out of our dorm. It was mainly smaller class drugs such as weed, Xanax, and some opiates. Before the police came I threw some of the drugs out so he wouldn’t get in trouble, and now they are charging me with “tampering with evidence”, and now I also might be getting charged as an accessory. I’m really scared but I’ve never sold any drugs in my life. The police are telling me it’s possible that I could get kicked out of college. This has to be illegal since I didn’t participate in selling.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): No Clear Legal Question Your post does not appear to contain a legal question - or if it does, it’s not clear what it is. Please review the following rules and edit your post to make your legal questions more clear. [Posting Rules 4]() and [5](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Tampering with evidence is a crime, yes. By making the post you just incriminate yourself. Marijuana is a scheduled 1 narcotic. You just admitted to what they are charging you with.  it doesn't matter, the fact that you helped him get rid of some evidence is enough for them to charge you. Yes, it absolutely is. Nothing they’re doing is illegal, you knew he was selling drugs out of your shared living space, and you tampered with the evidence by touching it. You can be charged with being an accessory  So you just openly confessed on a public forum to tampering with evidence? You should be hiring an attorney immediately.  They're not illegally charging you. You literally confessed in this post to exactly what they're charging. You need to consult a criminal defense attorney. And yes, it's entirely possible that you could be expelled, and you could also lose your eligibility for federal student aid. so helping out a guy I’ve known for 3 years who is trying to turn his life around is illegal now? You helped him, that's enough “Constructive possession”. Find a new place to live and find a criminal defense attorney immediately: This is your problem: This is illegal. Yes, you can be kicked out for this. No, the police charging you with a crime is not illegal. did you read the post buddy? I’ve never sold a drug in my life  What a idiot.😂 you just made yourself an accomplice, good luck staying in college!