 I work at small family owned business, approximately 10-15 employees, and they own two different locations. One in city A and one in city B. I work in the one at city B, and unannounced our GM shows up today and says we are having reviews. Anyways I go to my "review" and I am told they are closing the store in city B and they are laying us off and to reapply ASAP aka like today to be considered for rehire and that pretty much we were going to be hired back. This seems super shady to me and my GM has the shadiest history, and he also told us to not have a conversation to anyone about this subject, but me and my coworkers did anyways, and we have pregnant girl that isn't being asked to come back and was laid off today. I am just confused on why I need to reapply if I originally working and hired at store A, and possibly anything I need to do now to protect myself and be prepared. I really don't enjoy working for this company but it works with my school schedule  Apply for unemployment even if you decide to reapply.  It’s possible that they are trying to maintain the two stores as separate legal entities. If they just “transferred” you to the other store, then it could possibly be considered one big business, which for whatever reason they don’t appear to want. That, in itself, would be a normal thing to do to limit liability under various laws. Telling you not to talk about it is shady. Maybe they’re trying to avoid liability (re: wage hour laws, private lawsuit, taxes...) in some improper way. Impossible for anyone here to say. In the meantime, see if there are any non-shady people or companies that you can work for.  It isn’t particularly uncommon in changes in ownership or other substantive changes for a company to lay off employees and ask them to reapply. “Shady” isn’t a legal term. In what way do you think you’re suffering a loss or disadvantage by this course of action? What would you like to see happen? If you reapply and aren’t hired you might file for unemployment. But like any at will employee, you can’t really force your employer to continue employing you. Whether they call it a layoff and failure to rehire, or something different.