 I’m 22 and just started a new job in Massachusetts in December. It’s for a company that runs the boarding program for a private high school. I’m a live-in RA at the dorm, so I get free room and board here. When I arrived on my first day, the boss told me that in the week before I arrived, every other employee (cooks, custodians, and 3 other RAs) had quit. She said the company was having financial troubles and that the other employees “thought they wouldn’t be paid” so they abandoned ship. I thought their fears were unfounded since a company who couldn’t pay its employees would surely have to lay them off rather than keep working them without paying them. However, I have talked to a few of the ex employees who have come back to visit or who overlapped with me in my first week of work before they officially left. They said that their paychecks were delayed for weeks before they finally decided to quit. Apparently one of the cooks was owed thousands of dollars. They told me the company is in severe debt and they never expect to see the money they’re owed. I told them I thought it was illegal for the company to allow them to leave without the money they’re owed, or to delay their paychecks in the first place, but they said there’s nothing they can do. I don’t think any of these people are in a position to hire a lawyer or anything like that. Last week the company sent out an email saying the situation had improved and they had a couple investors. Paychecks came for my boss (who had also not been paid that whole time) and for me (luckily this was right on time for my first biweekly paycheck, so I didn’t actually have a delay). However, the ex employees told me not to trust anything the company says and that the same exact thing will happen to me. My parents say the second they try to delay one of my paychecks, I should quit. I really don’t want to do that. I am literally not paying at all for rent and food here, and I get to live in an awesome location right near Boston, working with some great kids at a fun and easy job. But if I allow them to delay my paychecks I could end up never seeing the money like the others. So is this illegal for them to have done to the other employees? A rudimentary google search of Massachusetts wage laws indicates that it is. What should I do if they try to do it to me? Tl;dr: The company I just started working for lost all its other employees who quit after their paychecks were delayed repeatedly. They are still owed this money. Is this illegal, and what should I do if this happens to me?  If you do end up staying, insist on formal quarterly written evaluations. If you do end up out of work, they may help in getting a new job. Yes, it's illegal not to pay your employees for time worked. In MA, they're owed their wages within 6 days of the pay period in which they worked. If the employees are not paid, they can file a wage claim with the MA Attorney General. []()