 The location is complicated for various reasons which I shall hopefully try and explain swiftly. (Although I do admit I am not used to writing this kind of post. There is a TL;DR at the bottom if that helps understand why the location is complicated.) I am in a Discord server for a modification of a popular video game where modifications are generally looked at positively by the game developers. This person was banned from the Discord server (not sure which region the server is set to, but it is for certain one of the US regions) for constant and continuous violation of several rules, including disrespecting the Team Members. They were originally unbanned a day later but chose to spend that time trying to get another user banned, continuing to ignore the server's rules. This lead to them leaving after threatening to "take it to reddit" then subsequently being banned again. Afterwards they were quiet for a couple of days, before creating alternate accounts to return on the discord server and spam some messages that I consider to be racist. The team also considered it to be racist so they banned those accounts. The person then made a post on the team's GitHub page that was designed to waste time by reporting bugs for separate things and doing so intentionally. That report was closed within a couple of hours. At some point between all of this and the paragraph below, the person caused the team to disable comments on the page they have for people to obtain the mod, sent unsolicited and threatening private messages to one of the lead coders, and kept spamming the mod's youtube channel. A day or so ago (time uncertain) the person had flooded one of the team member's websites with a "copypasta" that just so happened to also include racially provocative language. This resulted in the website, which was used as a suggestion box for features for the game mod, being taken down for 2 hours (7 to 9am gmt+1) to not only remove the offending material but implement better safeguards and a feature for the website's owner to delete the posts should he have tried again. He did try again and while he was able to get onto the site with another alternate account, his posts didn't last long before being deleted. He has now returned to trying to get access on the Discord server and as of about an hour and fifty minutes ago has used multiple alternate accounts in quick succession. Discord uses IP Banning when it comes to prohibiting people from rejoining the discord, but we know for a fact it is the same person as they confided in one of the team members back before it really kicked off that they use a Google Chrome plugin that is a combination of GoDaddy and something I hadn't heard of before called Dream Host to use VPNs to bypass the IP ban. And they kept repeating the exact same nonsense they had before. TL;DR for location, Team member's website is hosted in France, Discord region is one of the US ones and the GitHub page is hosted in the US. Is there any grounds for the team to press charges and if so what would be the best way to go about it? (Presuming the person is of an age where charges can be pressed) Not sure how it works if the team is not an official company, since it's a mod made by fans of the game for fans of the game, but I was thinking a cease and desist could be viable You can send them a cease and desist, and if employee man hours were spent cleaning up after them you can probably sue them for costs incurred. On a side note though: holy shit, that person sounds like a fucking loser. 