 Hi, new here so I hope this fits. My mother had a stroke about a month ago and it has left her paralyzed on the right side of her body. My step father is a child himself, so I have semi-permanantly moved up to take care of my sisters and mother. When I moved up here, I realized their house was horrible and it had been made into a hoarder's heaven. I tried to clean for weeks with professional help to make it livable, but one of my uncles called CPS before it could finish. Now I'm taking care of my sisters and mom in my hotwl until my step dad finishes the house. With my mom and step father's history of a horrible household, I'm worried about my 2yr and 12yr old sisters. If something happens to my step father (he's 65) is there anything we can to do prepare so I can take care of all three of them? I'm only 19 and still live with my biological father. I have stable income and my inheritance from my step father would be more than enough for me to take care of my sisters and mom for a long time. TLDR; Any help to prepare for my paralyzed mother and younger sisters so I can take care/have custody if need be?  I'm the only one close to my mothers side of the family. Her parents and bros/sister have all cut us off. However now that she has had a stroke, they have been trying to enter her life again. Like I said with my uncle, it has not gone well. Is there a likely chance that I would have to really fight for custody if their grandmother tries to get custody? She is 70 and is still an active RN. Fine house, but she is never home and her youngest child is 27. I know that they are not old enough to voice their opinions, but I am the only one in the family that actually even knows my sisters. My oldest sister has said she wished she lived with me.  Thank you man, that really means a lot.  In case no one else has said it, you are a wonderful person to take all this on at your age. Don’t forget to take care of yourself. You’ve taken on a huge burden.  I'm not sure if his parental rights have been terminated, but I know he owes a lot in child support so I'm not sure if that says anything. Is there anything I can do to ensure that she stays with me and her sister? She has never even met her father, and he has been in and out of medical institutions for years.  Just to add some clarity here. Step dads will cannot effectively transfer custody to OP if the mother is still alive. If mom is still alive when step.dad passes, mom and OP can just do an agreed order transferring custody, if that is what they want to do. In addition, mom and step dad can (and should) name OP in their wills as the preferred guardian, but the court is not obligated to follow those wishes. The court will.ultimately make a choice for the kids based on their best interest.  That may be a problem for the 12 year old, unless there is no one listed as dad on the birth certificate? If she has a legal dad then she will go back to him unless his parental rights were terminated. My youngest sister is my mother and step father's, but my 12 young sister is my mother's and some random guy. She has had full custody of her entire life. Thank for for your advice, man.  I'm assuming that your 2 year old and 12 year old sibs are your mom and step-dad's kids, yes? If your stepfather is willing he can specify in his Will that you will be their legal guardian in the event that he passes away before they turn 18. He can also specify that their shares of his estate be put into a trust until they come of age, or it can only be used for certain things like their college education. He really should get that set up by an attorney so it can be drafted properly, especially with you living out of state. I am glad there are resources, but long term care (like in a nursing home) is super expensive and is not usually covered by health insurance and is not covered by regular Medicare. You should talk to your mom and step dad. Encourage them to go see an estate planning attorney to get all that sort of thing sorted now.  Step dad has worked for the IRS for 30+ years so she is on his insurance, which I assume is very good. I believe it's a good deal, but I'm not exactly sure what kind, I'm sorry. It's not really about the money because my step father inherited millions from his father.  If your mom is on board with you taking custody, then that can be accomplished with an agreed order. Not a big deal at all, but you will want to run it by a local attorney. Taking care of your mother is more problematic. Does she have Medicare? Would she qualify for Medicaid?  As a /r/relationships issue, be very careful with how you proceed. It's okay to give short term support but you're about to be sucked into a vortex of chaos that can consume your adult life. If you don't want to be a 40 year old cleaning a hoarder's paradise every weekend, start having the conversation about what help you can/will give and what boundaries you will enforce. Step-dad can be an adult. If you want to get into this demand that he get a real life insurance policy in place on him. Something like a 20 year level term policy for 10x his earnings. Set up a hard deadline for when it needs to be done. You should NOT adopt your 12/2 year old sisters. Do not take that on, this is going to distort your young adult life and make things appreciably harder for you.