 Would my boyfriend have to file taxes for just starting to do odd jobs (like painting, cleaning, building stuff, other random things like that) about 5 months ago, and is maybe making about 800$ a month, sometimes a lil more and other times a little less? Or is there a certain income in "self-employment" you must have before you HAVE to file? Also, if he files for taxes, but doesn't add the roughly 4,000$ he's made since he started doing jobs from Craigslist, would he get in trouble ? I don't recall ever having to pay taxes for mowing my neighbors lawn when I was younger, so I'm just not sure how any of that works. I'm applying for one time emergency assistance from the state and they gave him and I self-employment forms to fill out, which is why I'm wondering if they will report it to the IRS and if he should have been paying taxes for those odd jobs even though it was only for a few months and he didn't get too much. I already answered. Your edit is still incorrect. No crime has been committed here. As to the proper legal term for not reporting income?  In terms of crimes? Neither as no crime has been committed. The boyfriend has incorrectly reported income which is an administrative/civil issue I'm sorry. Is tax evasion or tax noncompliance more legally accurate?  Tax fraud is an incredibly specific charge unlike to be brought under these facts as the necessary mens rea is absent. Scaring OP like that is incredibly dishonest and ignorant of how the US tax system operates. What is likely to happen is if the IRS or state department of revenue sniff this self-employment income then they will either (1) amend the existing return or (2) file a return for the boyfriend including the missing income. The IRS/SDR will then issue a notice of deficiency to the boyfriend for the amount owed + interest and potential fees.  Assuming the US. Yes. If a person makes over 400.00 a year in self employment income they have to file a federal tax reform. Depending on your state, you have to file when you make over 1k a year and up, very state dependent though. Federal income tax does not kick in untill 12k. So you may find articles talking about not needing to file untill 12k of income, but that's referring to w2 income, not self employment income. 