 Hi, I hope I can get some help here. My brother (28) passed away 1 year ago. At the time he passed away, he was an employee of the company that he funded with her GF, and we have a lot of problems because we ended in bad term with her and her family. They lived together, worked together and did everything together but were not engaged or had any legal boundaries. This is important because the was no difference between their work and regular life. His legal heirs are my parents. But, when everything happened, and after they kick us out of his house, they (GF and her family) took all his stuff (including his mobile phone) and moved away. (this was little context/venting) After a year, we finally got some of his stuff, but the relationship and the communication have been hard and, as I said, when ended in bad terms. Now, we realize that there are 3 things left that we did not consider. Tomorrow we have a meeting with our attorney and we are considering if is worth to mention these things and if how we could manage to get something: 1) The phone number (the lane). It was to his name but paid by the compàny at the time of the death. Do we have any right over it? 2) There was Paypal account that he used to do both busines (get paid in other currencies) and regular expenses (amazon , food delivery). Our lawyer did not manage to contact then. My father neither. And I suspect that after a year, and considering that they probably had the passwords, phone a mail , they may have taken away all the money. How is the most efficient way to deal with PayPal inherence (in Spain)? Could we ask for the money expended furing this time? would be easy to get it back? (I was told that Paypal does not work as a bank) 3) As far as we know, before he worked for the company, he did some typographies that got him an annual payment cos of the royalties. I guess there was a web that sells them. I know that he had at least 1 typo free to download (but not sure if that was the only one). According to my mother, he even got a payment of 900€ , so there should be something around. Also, I´m afraid that, if there is still some kind of deal going on, it must be still linked to some kind of account (like the Paypal above mentioned) How can we get to know how much of his intellectual property is beeing exploited? How can get those right to my parents? I hope you could give us some guidelines. Also, consider that all this is happeing in Spain, not USA. Thank you so much, and sorry for my english.  Then the information requested needs provided to PayPal. If you go into the country specific page and search the knowledge base for the same key words, it should give you a local number or one in your region to fax to them. It takes about 2-3 days for files to batch to the proper account but status can be called for after that.  My brother's. Thanks for the link. I hope I can get the Spanish one.  Whose name is the PayPal account? This is the ultimate question of that particular one. If it is his -  It's always good to tell your attorney everything; they will let you know what the law says.