 Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Troll Post Your post here has been reported as a potential troll or falsified post. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Follow the terms of your probation. You could also ask your parent/guardian to take you to a GP or Endocrinologist. There are a ton of metabolic disorders and deficiencies that cause weight gain and also depression, and they can be diagnosed easily with a blood test. "I want to get better, but can we first rule out physical causes of my depression and weight gain? If that doesn't work, I can go on the pills."  Are they making you take the same medicine? You could always ask for a different medicine. There are different classes of antidepressants that you could always ask for too. If your parents refuse to allow you to take a different medicine then your best bet would just be to pretend to take it.  They can make you take it and they can monitor, probably even restrain you until vomiting would be ineffective. Please take your medication, or inhumane measures may be taken. I don't want that to happen to you. Choosing to take it at home where you can take counteractive measures to weight gain is exponentially better than being sent to juvie or a medical facility where you'll be made to take it.  Juvie will be no picnic, and if you puke it up while there they can often get a Psychiatrist to switch to an intramuscular injection that due to budget reasons is often the cheapest and not always "best" option. Go back to your prescriber and ask about a different antidepressant, one that is consistent with weight loss goals. One that treats major depressive disorder and binge eating disorder. One that helps with smoking cessation, if that's relevant to you. If you get on something like that and it's working out for you, follow the prescription to the letter. I play video games because I hate my life. I have no friends. Nobody who loves me. Video games help me escape reality.  't do anything but play video games all day. Well, there you go. Go out and do something, get on a diet. It's not the pills "making" you gain weight.  It’s happened before. And I can’t stop taking it. If I try my parent will take all of my stuff. And then I’ll be even more miserable.  Yeah probably. I don’t do anything but play video games all day. But taking a pill with weight gain side effects will sure help me gain weight. I’ve probably been on 50 different medications in my life. I’m not Oversaturating. I’ve probably been on about 50. And none of them have worked. They’ve all had negative effects. Which is exactly why their parents should do it. Infusions are not the same thing as just taking drugs. It's an approved treatment for depression. There is no guarantee that you will gain weight. If you start to gain weight you would have a very reasonable reason to stop it. You ever think it's your habits that are making you gain weight? Please don't recommend prescription drugs to people. You never know what lengths people will go to obtain them. Please leave that to medical professionals. I’d rather go to juvi. And they can’t force me to take it. If they do I’ll make myself puke. You have basically two choices, take it and don't go to juvie; or don't take it, go to juvie, and be forced to take it there.  Take the antidepressants. Although the weight gaining side effect is a serious concern, medications effect everyone a little differently. Additionally, the warning refers to the average individual, so the effect is lessened by your overweightness as well. Being depressed sucks, I get that. I've struggled with it myself. But exercise has so many benefits that you would be doing yourself a disservice to deny the medication that might give you the energy to do that exercise and live a better life.  NAL: You can follow the terms of your probation or go to jail. As far as the antidepressant, many list that as a potential side effect as every medication prescribed in the US requires the manufacturer to list any and all possible side effects that were shown in testing. What will help with the depression is the same thing everyone says, proper diet, exercise, therapy, a support system and occasionally medication. It sounds like your parent is looking out for your best interests and you should take the medication and become more active. Not being active can make symptoms of depression much worse, and if you sit around, eat garbage and don’t talk to a therapist, then the pill might as well be a sugar pill. What people are telling you is true, the medication will help but you’re going to have to actually do some work. The weight gain you currently are dealing with is likely from poor diet and no activity, being obese will lead to low energy and mood. They way to fix it? Take the meds, go for walks and eat better. Or don’t. But no one here is going to give you legal advise that circumvents the requirements of your probation. If you find the side effects can’t be overcome with GENUINE effort, then talk to your doctor about switching to a new medication. Safely loosing about 10lbs per month can mean a total weight loss of 120lbs per year of body fat, you can turn this around now through hard work. Get your guardians and the doctor to look into ketamine infusions. It's been proven very effective in antidepressant-resistant depression. No lapping side effects. You have to show initiative in getting healthy if you want them to consider it though. Are there other options? I am on an anti anxiety medication that is also commonly used to treat depression and I haven't gained weight on it (I mean, except for too many Christmas cookies, but that was my own fault). Also keep in mind, sometimes side effects are possibilities and not promised. It's possible you might not gain weight at all. Generally speaking, side effects are not always absolute. As in, they are only potential side effects. If you do happen to gain weight once you start taking it, you have a stance to speak up about it. I’ve token many of them. And gained weight. I didn’t read it, the doctor specifically told me that the side effects are weight gain. That's what antidepressants are for. Did you try taking it and it had that effect or did you just read the leaflet? I’m already 290 pounds. I’m not going to gain more and more weight. I’ve been on so many fucking pills already and they just don’t work and make me gain weight. Exercise would help with both of those things, and the meds will help with any chemical inbalence that might cause depression. But, you don't want help You know what might help with the depression and lack of energy? An antidepressant No, I can’t. I’m depressed and have no energy. You can exercise to keep the weight off I’m not gonna take a pill that makes me gain weight. I already hate my life. I hate my parent. I’m supposed to just take it and be 500 pounds so I don’t go to jail? I’d rather kill myself. Follow the terms of your probation. You don’t want to end up in a different placement or worse in the hall.