 I was recently fired my job. I had around 60 hours of personal time still saved up. From my reading online it seems that in Nebraska you should get your final paycheck within 2 weeks or on the next pay day. Would 1/4 have been the "next" payday or should I expect to wait another week? Also, is there any kind of legal recourse for them holding my paycheck longer than legally allowed if this is indeed illegal?  I know you're being sarcastic, but you definitely should. I actually had to wait a few hours today to hear back from hr because they had to confirm with the legal department that they did in fact make a mistake. You're partially right in that nebraska doesn't require vacation for employees. However if promised it must be granted and is considered an earned wage. NE Rev Stat Sec 48-1229 explains it better than myself.  I’ll let our 2 employment lawyers, NEDOL, and NESec of State know they were wrong when advising us then.  I'm not sure if you're serious, but almost everything you've said in your post is wrong. I really hope you don't own a business in Nebraska. Already confirmed with hr today that they messed up and payment will be sent as a direct deposit tomorrow since it should have been expressed into the next payday. Does not matter that it was already sent to payroll. Confirmed this with an associate with the Nebraska dep of labor wage and hour division. Also you are 100% wrong as Nebraska does require PTO be paid out, but not sick time. They also do not allow any extra employer withholdings on a final paycheck unless expressly consented to by employee in a written document. It would be the pay period following the 4th as many direct deposits are already scheduled 3 days prior to that. I know ours is and yes, I own a business in Nebraska with employees. Most employers if their payroll allows it (ours does), will cut an out of cycle check when possible to clear any final payments.  It sounds like it may be. Step one is to call the employer and ask for it. They may be under the impression that they’ve fully paid you already or something. Thanks that's kind of what I thought. My only other question is, was my next scheduled payday the 4th? Basically is my final paycheck already late according to Nebraska law? Nebraska requires all wages be paid within two weeks of termination, or by the next scheduled pay day, whichever is sooner. Getting your final wages the quickest possible way is to generally call your employer and ask for them. Failing that, if your employer refuses to pay your final wages within the time frame prescribed by law, you can file a [wage claim](). Contact them and find out. 