  Hey guys, Literally posting this for a friend who doesn't have Reddit and needs some good advice asap, I'll pass on the link to her, thank you ahead of time. -6 years from a psychiatrist. The office is in Hyannis called PACT team / Vinfen. Anytime he takes the Adderall he is very "speedy". It does not help him slow down to focus at all like it should. I do have suspicions that he is abusing them, selling them trading them for whatever he can get his hands on. I have a screenshot from a friend of his specifically asking him to "bring an addy". Addy is slang for Adderall. I also have a photo of an Adderall capsule I found that was half empty as if he is opening the capsules snorting the beads. I have notified my suspicions to his counselor (I tried to take it directly to the psychiatrist) over at PACT team - Vinfen but they refuse to hear what I have to say, they disrespect me, they make me feel like I am the reason or cause for his behavior they hang up on me. He has always used me as his scapegoat. I am always to blame for his actions 100% of the time. This is all most likely due to the fact that my daughters father is a pathological liar. He has slandered my name to his counselor his psychiatrist, telling them horrible things about me which are untrue. I have simply expected him to be respectful towards me his daughter (which he isn't), tell the truth (which he doesn't), provide for his daughter just be there!!! He has refused has stated numerous times that he would rather be homeless or go to jail even though on other days (the "good" days) he says he wants to be with me forces me to have sex with him. It's a big mind game. I also believe that the relationship he has with his counselor is inappropriate. She picks him up once a month brings him directly to the office to see his psychiatrist. That's ok.... BUT! The other times she picks him up (every Wednesday), they go somewhere where it is just the two of them together (in her personal car) for about 15-20 minutes then she drops him back off with pills in a miniature manila envelope labeled with the type of medication, the milligrams that it should last him about 2 weeks (NOT a prescription). He has told me that they simply talk "catch up" on things. Last I knew the ONLY people whom are qualified to give out psychiatric medications are a primary care physician, a psychiatrist or a psychologist. Am I wrong? + years. He has quit, been fired laid off from over a dozen companies including McDonald's Burger King. Recently Walmart. He is $17,000+ in debt with child support but DOR cannot pull money from his check until he has worked with the company for at least 3 months. He knows how to work the system so he works for 2 months, pockets whatever money he makes, then quits that's that. I never see anything for my daughter. I have no assistance with my bills. Over the last 3 or so years he has been sent to numerous different mental hospitals (Cape Psych, HighPoint in Middleboro, etc). The last place he was in was two years ago at HighPoint in Middleboro. I had spoken to a lady that was working with him during his stay there she had told me that he seemed to be in a better state of mind. So I took the trip up there he was released into my custody. As soon as he entered my vehicle he openly admitted that he "faked it" LIED to convince them that he was in his right mind so that he could be released. His reason behind "faking it" to get out was because he wanted to be in the Cape Psych or Cape Crisis centers instead of HighPoint. I brought him home the problems have been continuous ongoing. I am also frustrated with the fact that after he gets out of the mental hospital his medication has not been changed nor adjusted in anyway what so ever. If he is having these "mental breakdowns" to the point where he is sectioned into a psychiatric hospital why is being put back on the same medication? The medication he is on is clearly not helping him live a stable life. That's all I want for him. Where do I start? What can I do about this? Does anyone have thought as to what she can do?  Removal all identifying info including names. Message the mods when you’re done. 