 Edit: For context: In Canada— Ontario at large restaurant corporation Basically 2 employees were caught doing a shot with their table and were spoken to on the night of. Both were suspended from following shift. On the night they think they caught me drinking I did not. My table who were friends of mine bought me a shot. I told them I was unable to do so while working. One of them did the shot instead. They bought me a second one. It sat on the table until they left. They ended up walking out on their bill which ultimately left the management to look into the table where they see me “turn my head” and it looks like I drank with my friends. I was not approached the night of as I did not do anything wrong. The table ended up coming in the next day to pay. End of story... so I thought The two employees who were suspended- p1: denied doing the shot. They were ultimately fired for being dishonest I can guess? P2: fessed up and was met with, told she was going to be suspended for like a month. P1: heard about this, came in and made a scene and used racial bias as her reasoning to being fired over the white p2. They were both ultimately let go as a result So I am asked to come in and they ask me if I drank with my table. I say no. I explain how they bought me one i didn’t do it. They tell me they have footage but refuse to show me. The shot they bought me was still on the table when they left. The restaurant was now closed (230 am). I went to clear the table. I brought the shot they left on the table and brought it to the bar to do when I finished. I ordered myself a drink. Finished my shift and drank the shot and my drink. Was I wrongfully dismissed? I believe they may be targetting me after the shot I did AFTER while they insisted I did it with them. Also, it is a write up and warning as a first offense but since they had to fire all of us over the one girl making a scene, does this qualify as wrongful dismissal? They also did this in public at an open table, while the restaurant was open( came in 15 mins after opening as per their request) when it should have been done in the office, with proof of the footage I am being terminated for. Not only demoralizing but unnecessary and unprofessional. Help!!  They need to provide you with your ROE. Request it and ask about severance. You'll need your ROE before you speak with a lawyer. Right now, it sounds like you have no idea if you are getting severance or not, just that you were terminated. DO NOT SIGN ANYTHING if your ROE says terminated with cause. If it is without cause, it might be worth it to sign an anti-disparagement agreement, but once again, it depends on what that says. Keep in mind that your employer is required, by law, to give you time to consider signing any kind of NDA, non-disparage agreement, etc. Take that letter to a lawyer. Keep everything is writing.  Thank you! I’m going to consult a free employment lawyer to decide if it’s worth it. As for my ROE. I have not received this yet but will be asking for it ASAP. They have offered no compensation whatsoever. I was waiting to get some more information before I contacted them Incase I did something wrong or said something that would ruin my chances.   Termination with Cause generally has a very high bar. Generally speaking, even if you had "one shot", once, had never been warned and weren't grossly neglecting your work duties, then this wouldn't be considered a just reason for termination with cause. [source]() An an employee in Ontario, they can terminate you without cause as long as they give you notice, or pay in lieu of notice. In your case, you would be owed at least 2 weeks pay. Generally speaking, employees can usually negotiate higher severance with the help of a lawyer. Given the nature of the job, the longevity of employment, the specialty of the job, your age, etc, you may be entitled to more. Usually it ranges between 1-4 weeks per year of employment, but usually requires hiring a lawyer. You are in a bit of a unique situation, as severance is calculated as 1 week after 3 months, 2 weeks after a year and after 3 years, it's generally 1 week for every year of employment. Given that you have only been there a little over a year, you get two weeks. Given that it is a job in a restaurant, I don't think you'd get more than that and I don't think it would be worth it to get a lawyer to help. That doesn't mean I'm telling you not to get one. You are certainly free to set up an appointment with a lawyer for a few hundred bucks to see if it is worth it to pursue more. But please, check back and let us know if it was "for cause". That's one I might fight as it could be damaging to your reputation in the future.  What's the reason for termination listed on your ROE? Did they provide any kind of severance payment? I guess with cause? May need clarification. I worked there for a year total (9 months as manager- 3/4 months as a server). No previous warnings about this.  "Canada" is not good enough, we need your province. Were you terminated with or without cause? What does your ROE say? How long have you worked there? Have you had any previous warnings about drinking or drug related issues? 