 This is coming from the child of said parent. My biological father owes me 50,000 dollars of back pay child support, and I expect to put a legal lean on a second home he owns so if he ever sells it, he won't get the full price, but that is neither here nor there. This is about my biological mother. She got a dirtbag boyfriend, and she constantly buys him his needs before ours (Me, my brother, and our step father who still lives with us even as they're divorced), and as my biological father is still paying child support, and my mother gave the card to her boyfriend, and he went out and bought an xbox that no one is allowed to play on. I know this is petty and all, but I'm just sick of this. I'm sick of the blatant mistreatment. Is there ANY kind of legal repercussion I can take so I'm the sole owner of the card? I'm 18, if that helps at all. I'm a legal adult living in US, Vermont. If I can't do anything legally, then I'll do it physically and cut that card up, each and every time they send one. Thank you for any and all suggestions. I don't want an xbox. I just want her to stop wasting money that could have gone towards groceries or dental. Boy, I love it when people think they know the full story. I barely have any nessesities. I work to provide more for the house than she does. I have cavities because she neglected to provide hygiene supplies and dental visits. I haven't been to the doctors in years. You all have helped me exactly zero, and I really home you all enjoy your shitty existances.  He doesn't owe you anything. And no one owes you an XBox. Your mother can use her money however she’d like. If you don’t like it, move out.  The money is owed to your mother, not to you. So no, you have no recourse here because you haven't been wronged in regards to the support money. I don't disagree. No, I don't think so. My point was that even if a support obligation still existed, CPS, DFCS, DHS, or whatever they call it probably wouldn't intervene on behalf of a non-disabled 18-year-old. The police don't get involved with 17-year-old runaways about half the time. It doesn't sound like OP is neglected in the legal sense anyways. Yes, but you conflated continued support with back support.  Some states allow the child support to continue if the child goes to college. I don’t know the exact states just know that they allow it.  Age of majority or termination of secondary education, whichever is later. http://www.ncsl.org/research/human-services/termination-of-child-support-age-of-majority.aspx But that's a separate issue from child neglect. You're right, CPS probably won't care at all, unless there are other children involved. But some locations do require parents to support kids past 18...not sure if Vermont does. I dunno why I assumed OP was a minor, probably the writing style. At 18? Which states? The only states I'm aware of which would make child support payable to an 18-year-old are those which extend the obligation of support past 18. Back child support will be paid to the custodial parent to offset what they already had to pay. If you don't have the bare necessities of life you can call CPS. She could withdraw all the money from the card, make a pile of cash, and set that pile on fire, and you would still not be able to access it.  I know some states I once you turn 18 you are allowed that money. If your dad is late paying (say he didn’t pay for the first few years) then the state takes over or say he stops paying then state takes over, either way part of that money is entitled to be yours. And if the money is not being spent on you contact who you need to and tell them. It will be taken care of  No, you cannot, the money is owed to your mother for having provided a home, food, etc... to you as you grew up. You are not entitled to the money. You should also probably not cut up credit cards that are not yours as it could be criminal. Of course you can, whether it’s a good idea or not is another question. You can sue anyone for anything.