  Ok so I recently worked at a local Furniture store in Hawaii, I started it this month Dec 1St. Lately I began to notice that the owner has been giving me "exceptional rules" that I only need to follow, but no one else. For example, he asked me to wear a DRESS at work (reminder this is a furniture store, I have to pick, carry, bend ect when the job needs me to do) he did not tell the other girl who works there to wear a dress, at one point she even came to work with ripped jeans and a plaid shirt and he didn't even say a thing to her, but when I did that, he bitched at me and told me to wear a dress. He also bitched at me for telling customers about the discount we have at the store saying "you're only suppose to tell them that when they are at the cash register!" (I don't even think that makes sense since they were going to find out about it either way). Also I was late to work only once due to traffic and I even told him that I was stuck as I was going to work. Its important to note that a woman came by one day on my shift and she delivered a lawsuit paper filed against him. I HAD TO sign the paper inorder for him to get those papers and the notice and he saw my signature on those papers. And to be clear, I didn't know what he was being sued for just that I had to sign it and give him the papers. Now last week he said that there was no shifts for me to work, I contacted one of the workers to ask of she received hers, she said yes. Then yesterday I contacted him and asked for my shift and he said that there was no shifts, so i contacted the other worker again, and guess what? She got her schedule!!! And she even said "well I think it's because I sent him my availability ahead of time, so maybe that's it?" But the thing is... I sent him countless messages about my availability ahead of time too. I am assuming this is "creative Dismissal" or "constructive dismissal." And this is all because of me "finding out" about that lawsuit that he had (even tho I didn't look at all into it). So with that said, does Hawaii have a law about this sort of thing?  Update: i filed. That was the last call I made to him. After that "missed" call I am done contacting him. I am in the process of filing now.  Stop texting him. Stop trying to contact him. Don't tell him you quit. Just file for unemployment.  "weird" is the wrong term for this. I called him today (no answer) and I have been calling the department of employment ( no answer but I can call tomorrow). I don't know if I should just text him "Don't bother I quit" or not because that might defeat the whole purpose of the claim.  It doesn't seem weird to me at all. There's nothing weird about any of this. Update: "no shifts this week" the text was a copy and paste from a previous message a couple weeks ago. What's weird is that I sent him my schedule on thursday but the other girl was ASKED BY HIM ON SATURDAY BUT NOW HES TELLING ME THERES NO SHIFTS??? Yeah I am gonna go file that claim, I sent him a few text after saying "why am I the only one not getting shifts?" And I called him 9x and there was no answer.  I haven't done anything to get fired tho. I also recently contacted him and he said that the reason I didn't get shifts was because everything was already booked, Though I am still weary about it. He also still owes me money. So idk. I'll just wait and see what happens. Thanks for your help.  Your already considered fired by law the first week given zero hours. Good luck! If he doesn't give me a shift next week, I'll talk to him to see whats his deal or I'll just file afterwards. ALSO MAHALO NUI LOA FOR HELPING ME BY GIVING THAT LINK, IT GAVE SO MUCH GOOD INFO. HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!  The idea is very simple. They have fired you without saying they've fired you.  That's what I figured but I am wondering if "constructive dismissal" is legal in Hawaii assuming that this is what they are doing.  They're hoping that you won't claim unemployment.