 Long story short. Non Custodial Parent (NCP) owes $4000 in past due child support. Has not paid in years. The Child Support Agreement is in illinois. NCP moved to Wisconsin to about 8 years ago, I am in illinois. Shouldn't her drivers license be taken away. I know Wisconsin puts liens on NCP property and suspends drivers licenses for child support over $500 or 300% of monthly owed (Which this exceeds in both cases). Is there any help I can get from Wisconsin to get her to start doing what she should. I mean honestly, she owed like $25 a week, my son is almost 18 now and he would really like this money toward a car and college. Help. Thanks in advance Appreciate the input.  I tired to use NCP and not gender pronouns and slipped. I apologize. I’m male and pay child support, so it wasn’t intended to be a slight. They will still suspend her license and take other enforcement action. They can take tax refunds as well. At some point she will start racking up issues from the support debit. It’s hard to do side work when you are worried about getting pulled over and have issues getting insurance. Once she gets pulled over there is a high likelihood that she would be arrested. That debt isn’t dischargeable. She will owe it to you forever. At this point it’s best to have the debt recorded and enforcement start. That way she can never attempt to side step the debt.  Her earnings... not his... that’s ok. Everyone automatically assumes only men are deadbeats. Problem is there is nothing to garnish, she never paid then stopped working, does side hussle that’s untraceable. If she would put as much effort into a job as she does trying to avoid the system it wouldn’t be an issue. Even if she made an effort of a little at a time it would be something. Uniform Interstate Child Support Act. You will need to file paperwork in your current state. They will need copies of the divorce decree/custody/support agreement. They will send notice to NCP home state. They will notify the NCP and require them to submit documentation. They will most likely be required to submit documentation showing the amounts they paid and when. Your home state can seek to have his earnings garnished for the current support amounts.  Contact the child support services in both states. Be polite, calm, and factual. NCP is at X address, and per court order YZA, is supposed to pay Q gp/ paycheck. They have failed to do so since DD/MM/YYYY. Ask for their help in resolving the situation. Offer to send whatever info they need. Court order, pay stubs, bank account balances, et al. IL child support number appears to be: 1-800-447-4278. WI child support number appears to be: 608-422-7000 Hope this helps.