 BACK STORY: I've had my identity stolen throughout my adult life (now aged 30) thanks to tweaker parents and their friends. Just a little bitter. I lost my wallet back in the summer of 2016 (with all of my cards and info) and was pretty sure it was at my mom's house. Verified that when I started to get letters in the mail saying that I had cashed checks at various stores. There were at least 20 different stores - JC Pennys, Lowes, Target, etc. I have NEVER used checks or the bank(s) that these checks were from. The address listed was also an old address of mine. I started off calling each individual company to get it settled and all I got was that they would make a note of it. JC Pennys said they would send me an affidavit to fill out, but I never received one. I called to get a new one and they claimed they did again, but never received. It became too much and I couldn't keep up, so I was told by a police officer to make a police report. I was only allowed to write a small statement and submit online since it wasn't an emergency. So I have that. RIGHT NOW: 3 years later, I'm being sued by Certegy for the remaining money and a ton of fees. The lady I spoke with said that I would need to find the individual who did it MYSELF and then sue them so I could pay up, otherwise there will be a judgment against me as usually judges don't budge. They will settle for a large sum of cash that I don't have nor do I think I should pay. So how should I go about this? I'm currently in a very stressful situation already and have no room for BS like this. What can I do? Tried to contact the company suing, but there is no way to speak to a human and no option to dispute anything. I'm going to wait for their letter and send my evidence back. Thanks for the advice Thank you.  You need a copy of your police report to bring with you to court as a defense. You should reach out to the opposing attorney ahead of time to provide the police report - it may result in court being cancelled, regardless of what the lady on the phone said. You told her about the police report, she didn't see it. She's used to people claiming various things so they don't have to pay. Common Sense: Taking a Plaintiff's representative at face value regarding the validity of their claim or to seek advice re your next steps is generally inadvisable. Frankly, who cares what the Plaintiff's rep says. Talk to a lawyer. If you contest the validity of the suit, you should defend it. You are not liable in contract unless you agreed to the Contract. This is up to the Planitiff to prove. You likely should file a defence regardless, if only to give you time to negotiate. The Plaintiff still needs to prove liability on a balance of probabilities.