 My wife and me have been married for 3 years and have 2 sons, age 1. We rent and don't own any property. We aren't rich and don't have savings beyond a couple of thousand. We botheoth earn about the same salary. Our cars are both used 2014 and 2015 models. We don't have any loans or debt. Money and assests aren't concerns in the divorce. My wife was never comfortable around guns and didn't have an interest. I never had an interest in the past until I went to the range a few times while we were on vacation. She was against me getting a permit to carry and when I started open carrying at all times. She didn't want me to do it in the house or around our sons. I am legally permitted to open carry and I have all the permits to do so. She's filed for divorce and moved out to a place a couple of miles from our home. She is okay with 50/50 custody and neither of us paying support if I agree to not have a gun around or open carry when I have our sons. I am in the process of getting a lawyer. But I wanted to ask if she can use my gun ownership and/or my open carrying against me? If I don't agree with her can she fight me? I don't leave a gun lying around. I keep it on my person at all times unless I am sleeping or showering so I am aware of where it is at all times.  The fact the she's offering no child support is a dream for some of my divorced friends. I know you like your guns but is it worth it to keep them? Child support can be expensive you know but some of the posters here have good advice on proving your competence on gun safety. Okay, cool. That wasn't clear in your original post. She can definitely be a lot more contentious than she’s being now, which would be enormously unpleasant even if you ultimately ended up with the same 50/50 custody agreement. A judge could definitely find her objections to a loaded gun being on you literally all your waking hours (except showering) reasonable — open carrying is a huge responsibility and caring for a pair of small children alone is a separate huge responsibility and we don’t often expect people to combine the two. If you were my brother I’d be telling you to take what she’s offering — after first consulting an attorney about whether the “no child support” is feasible, hammering out things like which of you carries health insurance and how the copays and uncovered treatments will be split, how daycare and summercare will be split, etc. Then it is unlikely a judge will be terribly concerned with your gun ownership or legal carrying. Edit for non-legal advice: If you aren't using a holster with an active retention device you probably should around kids. Toddlers are grabby. I do have 2 gun safes and I always lock it up when I'm showering or sleeping. Yes. I lock it in the gun safe in the bathroom or bedroom whenever I sleep or shower.  You'll have to demonstrate to the judge that you handle firearms safely and responsibly. You have a much greater responsibility as a gun owner if there are kids in your household, that much is true, and if the judge sees that you're not handling your weapon safety that would not go in your favor. I would suggest being proactive and documenting how you plan on ensuring gun safety for your kids. For example, having photos of your gun safe, trigger lock, etc. I'd suggest getting a shoulder holster for the house so it's more difficult for a toddler walking around to grab. While incredibly tacky, the above educational material is also a good start to show you take gun safety seriously. When your wife does bring it up, you can demonstrate to the judge that you are a mature gun owner who understands others' concerns and are willing to address them. IANAL. I would strongly suggest getting a gun safe and locking the gun away anytime that it's not directly on your person.  Is it locked up when it isn't on your person?