  I just learned about something pretty disturbing and I feel sick to my stomach. I feel it's illegal but I'm not sure. I'm a minor and this is a private high school. Sorry about formating, I'm on mobile and don't really use reddit I'm not going to go into too much detail about myself or school because I'm fairly paranoid that they would kick me out if they found that I was looking for legal advice. This is a throwaway account My relationship to my high school is kinda weird. I have gone there for a few years and have loved it. It's mostly a boarding school, but I live in town so I sleep at my house. There very personal connections between students and teachers. We eat together, everyone is called by their first names, and very relaxed in general. Confiding about issues with teachers is fairly common because there is an immense amount of trust between everyone. I have some of the best friend ships I've ever had, and I plan on keeping them. This year has been extremely rough. Early into the year a tragety happened to someone I was close too which ended with said person dying, and I still haven't really recovered from it. I won't go into too much detail because I worry it's reveling. But anyways I was in a terrible mental state, which ended up with me in a pysch ward for a couple days. The school worried I was sucidal, but thankfully in the pysch ward I was assessed to not be. I was just unstable emotional after an immensly tramatic event, but nowhere near sucidal. When i left the pysch ward, I was out of school almost 2 months. I'm back at school and I am a lot better then I was in the hospital, but the teachers have been extremely mistrustful of me. They have me sign in and out when I'm at the school (I'm the only one who has to do that) and I constantly get weird looks from teachers and a bunch of other things. It's like I'm being treated like I'm sucidal dispite having every single medical professional who assessed (which is more then 10 doctors/phycologist) me saying I'm not. It's a pain in the ass, but I can live with it because still a lot of things I love about going to the school like my friendships and my classes. However I had a conversation with a some what close friend of mine saying a teacher told them about my mental state. They asked the teacher what my situation was because it wasn't told to students why I was out, and they wanted to see me. The teacher responded with some very personal medical information. It wasn't just the teacher saying I was in the hospital (which wasn't widely known) it was her talking about how I wanted to kill myself, in great detail. From what I heard the teacher just went down a list. Some of it also just wasn't true either. I'm not sure how this teacher got all of this information anyways, I'm not close to them. I feel sick because this feels like a huge betrayal. I feel like medical is something to keep private, and I don't want a really painful part of my life brodcasted to everyone. I feel like this isn't legal. I'm sorry if this is not worked the best because I'm pretty upset right now, so please ask questions if you have any. I hope I can do something.