 I inherited a truck about a year ago from a deceased relative. The truck is now in my name as of a few weeks ago. It is a 2001 ford appraised at around 2,000$. I would like to sell the truck and use the funds I have saved from my part time job ( I’m a college student) to buy a more fuel efficient car. I have wanted to sell it for a while, but my parents (who I no longer live with) are unwilling to even consider letting me. They use the excuse that their insurance will go up. I have never received any benefits from this insurance and they refuse to reveal ANY information on the insurance. I literally don’t even know what company they use. Here’s my question. Is it legal for me to sell the truck and to purchase another vehicle even though the truck is under their insurance? If the car is in YOUR name, it’s pretty sketchy that the insurance is in your parents name? Where I live, and in most places, the name on the car has to match the name on the policy, you can’t insure something you don’t own.  Do they just have one other car? They might be getting a multi car discount. If that isn't the case then they are pulling some other shady crap with the insurance that could get them in trouble anyway, like listing the main drivers on the vehicles incorrectly.  Yes. It is your vehicle. If the vehicle is titled in your name now and you aren't on their policy then the truck shouldn't be on their policy anyway.  Yeah I definitely think they have some sentiment towards it. I will for sure ask the again before I do anything as far as selling it. Thanks for reminding me! Possible solution: could you sell it to them? Maybe they hold some sentimental value in it. Having one less vehicle on thier insurance would decrease what they pay. If they don't want you doing this I doubt they'll let you add your replacement car to thier plan. Whatever vehicle you chose could cost more or less than the previous one to insure. They might get a small rebate if they insure multiple vehicles, but I can't imagine it's a large amount. Assuming you are over 18, it's fine to sell the truck. You should plan to get your own insurance, and you might want to find out how much that is going to cost first. If your parents have been paying your insurance, that's a significant amount of money you haven't had to spend. Thank you Insurance has nothing do to with the sale of a vehicle. Removing it from their insurance would lower, not raise the rates. Sell away, no legal issues at all here Would it screw them over with the insurance company much? Generally speaking  Absolutely.