 I live in an apartment complex in Florida, and there is a pond right outside my unit. Recently, about 250-300 ducks have arrived and now call the pond their home, and they are driving me insane. I'm told they are called black bellied whistling ducks, and from 6:30am to 8:00pm all 250 of them are yapping incessantly. You can hear them from about 200 yards away, but they live 50 feet from my apartment because my neighbor feeds them multiple times a day. I have asked her to stop because they are such a nuisance to the other residents, but neither she nor our front desk want to do anything that would cause them to leave. I know this sounds like a minor problem, but it is infuriating. I can wear earplugs at night so that they don't wake me up in the morning, but they do not stop at any point during the day. I am a grad student and my wife mostly works from home, so we are home a lot and hear them all day, every day. Is there anything I can do to get some peace of mind? I don't want to do anything that will harm the ducks, but there has to be some kind of noise or wildlife ordinance at play here. Not really any thing you can do about wildlife being a nuisance. You can check your local ordinances and see if they have one that bans feeding wildlife, or creating a nuisance by feeding wildlife. If they do then call code enforcement on the neighbor. Also check to see if your windows are hurricane rated. If they aren't then look at getting them replaced with hurricane rated windows, they are required for all new construction in Florida. My family just got them installed in our condo on the fourth floor of the complex in Hilton Head and now you can't hear those damn tree frogs that live in the pond below unless the window is open. Generally speaking, wildlife is not bound by municipal noise ordinances. Wild animals are not subject to noise ordinances. You can reach out to your local DNR but honestly they are not going to do anything. Not sure about the legality of your situation, but you should research why feeding ducks is actually harmful to them and show this to your neighbors. Things include the spread of disease, angel wing, and shortened life.