 I live in Pennsylvania. There was recently a random drug search at my high school, and we were told to put our backpacks out in the hallway so police K9s could sniff them for drugs. I complied with it, but just in case this was to happen again, it would be nice to know if I legally had to put my backpack in the hallway. I also have an Epi-Pen in there (for allergic reactions), so I don't know if I could use that to argue a future case. I don't have anything to hide, and I know that police dogs can sniff your belongings without any type of suspicion, but I would feel much more comfortable if my backpack was with me, instead of in the hallway and out of my sight. Thank you all in advance! You can't use the "I have an epipen in there" to keep your backpack with you. They'll just tell you to take it out.  You have nothing to hide or worry about. It’s a legal medical device that never been illegal at any point in history. Although Epi-Pens are syringes they intramuscular syringes and are not the type of syringe used to deliver illegal drugs intravenously. Dogs who are trained to find illegal substances are trained to find very specific chemical compounds and Epinephrine is not one of them. Even if a dog gets a “hit” on an object that only indicates an object may have been in contact with an illegal substance or a substance with a similar composition. It is not illegal to own an object that at some point in time may have or may not have come into contact with an illegal substance or one very similar in its chemical structure. Anything can leave traces on anything else it comes into contact with and there needs to be enough saturation or substance to leave an detectable odor. After a dog gets a “hit” on an item it must then be inspected and no contraband is found the owner is not guilty of any crime. Even if you know you haven’t done anything wrong it still can be quite nerve-racking to questioned or have ones things inspected by law enforcement and I hope this gives you some comfort. This is a gray area in schools at the moment. Particularly with the backpack bit. Generally yes, this is currently allowed. It doesn't matter if it's on the floor or in the locker the dog is going to find it either way. The swap out your backpack for a new one but doesn't have any trace of drugs in it and you'll be fine Well not entirely.  Unfortunately, the moment you walk into a school you forfeit your rights to privacy to your stuff. 