 My belt was squealing and I wasn’t sure why, I needed an oil change anyways so I went to jiffy lube to get an oil change. It was a bit extra, $80, but I figured since they’d look things over it would be worth it. A couple weeks later I was driving and my car overheated. I pulled it over before it could stop the car, and got it towed home. I had a mechanic check it, he caught the issue, and noticed my coolant was low because someone had put their body weight on the cap of my radiator and cracked it. I contacted jiffy lube, after 3 weeks they admitted fault and agreed to pay for the radiator. I got an estimate, they sent me a paper to sign saying that I was accepting reimbursement to get the radiator fixed, and sent a check, and I sent it into the shop. When they fixed the radiator, the mechanic noticed that it looked like the overheat from the broken radiator had either blown my head gasket or warped the head. It is fixable of course, but I reached out to Juffy Lube to see what my options are. I’ve spoken with their customer service for about a month now, it’s cost me probably $400 in bus fees and Christmas/thanksgiving/New Years with my family. Now I’m 2 months into not having a car and they’re not responding to me at all. I’m a bit frustrated, if I hadn’t been in the right space at the right time when he overheat happened I could have had an accident, I or someone else could have been injured, and it ruined my holidays. Is there anything I can do? Am I out a car and just SOL? I have draft a decent amount of releases and I usually include language that it is with no admission of fault. I am willing to bet a multi million dollar corporation would do the same.  I appreciate your input, I’m not a mechanic, I’m going on what the multiple mechanics I’ve had check out the car have told me. So far 3 have said the same thing about what it looks like. The way you're describing it doesn't point to the fault of anyone in particular. Could easily be the previous head gasket wasn't properly installed and just now failed. That is incredibly likely. In fact you described it as not being jiffy lubes fault. Source : I tear apart cars and resell parts and been wrenching for 20 years  Could it also show that they’re definitely at fault? They admitted to breaking the radiator causing a leak.  Possibly, the car was fine except for a belt squeal after getting them replaced, now there is a leak coming out of the head. I had replaced the head and head gasket shortly before going to jiffy lube, probably 4 months prior, and it was fine until his visit. The radiator and fluid were checked and signed off on by jiffy lube during their check, it had no leaking until after visiting them, and then just a few weeks later it leaked so much that the vehicle overheated. They were the only ones who had touched my engine during that time. I'm surprised they admitted fault at all and gave you anything. You cannot say it was jiffy lubes fault for a crack in the filler neck 3 weeks after they had it. Your mechanic looked at it and thinks the head gasket is blown or warped? You can't tell by looking at it. A leakdown, block, and cooling system check needs to verify there is an issue.  I will double check it. Thank you! Signing the paper work might have released juffy lube from any further liability. It depends on what the release says