 Hi. I’m a licensed social worker in Ohio and I’ve been really struggling with my mental health. I’ve been having some pretty serious suicidal thoughts the past couple of days and even as a person who is a social worker by training, I don’t know what to do to get myself help. The thoughts got so bad this morning that I thought I might need to go to the ER and possibly be admitted in order to stay safe. I feel safer with myself now, but I know this isn’t the end of this dark time (because major depressive episodes for me tend to linger). I didn’t go to the hospital this morning because I was scared for the future of my job. What if my supervisor found out I was admitted to the hospital for suicidal thoughts/plan? Would that mean they would think I’m unfit to work as a social worker? Could I lose my license? I know it shouldn’t prevent me from getting the necessary help, but it has. People in helping professions need help too sometimes, but the stigma and fear of seeking that help is astronomical for me. That would be a weird message to send out to the people. We want to help with your mental health but we forbid our own mh technicians from receiving mh services.  Yeah I know, autocorrect  Don’t worry about your license. Suicide is deadly. Get yourself some help friend. I hope you find your happy. :)  HIPAA , not hippo n Moderators, I know this is legaladvice sub, but since the topic is also suicidal ideation, can we expand this one topic? Maybe there are people here who can list out more resources for suicidal people that can be listed in addition to the legal advice, because we are talking about the safety of the person posting. Hope you are able to seek some help soon. Smart of you to seek it. Good luck.  If you work for DMH or for social services, these are federal agencies, and I’m nearly certain it’s illegal for them to fire someone for seeking mental health counseling or seeing a psychiatrist (which I would strongly recommend you do both). If you need to urgently seek help, do it. No one can fire you for voluntarily seeking emergency temporary commitment. You will likely see those days taken out of your sick leave, but that’s not huge. Just make sure to call or text your supervisor in charge, stating you have a medical emergency and will need to take immediate 5-7 day leave to care for it. You don’t need to disclose the emergency, even if they ask. Just say you don’t feel comfortable disclosing the nature of your medical emergency, but it’s needed immediately.  No, hippo will prevent any facility from giving your medical information to the State If you qualify (generally, have been employed full time for a year or more for an employer with 50+ employees), you can request FMLA. Your employer does NOT need to know the specifics of your medical condition to qualify for FMLA. FMLA will protect your job. You doctor can complete the forms to simply indicate that you need a certain amount of time off due to your own serious medical condition. That's all they need to know. If you qualify, it can give you up to 12 weeks of protected time off for your own serious medical condition. Your employer isn't required to pay you during this time, but you can typically use your accrued sick time or PTO. Your employer may also offer short term disability coverage which can pay you while you are off. I looked up the licensing information for Ohio and didn't see anything that suggested mental health issues would affect license status. You can also call the licensing board and ask them anonymously how they would handle that or if it would have any bearing on your license. OP, just wanted to say, at the end of the day your mental health is more important than keeping a job.  I suggest going to the website of your licensing organization, and checking what conditions can cause someone to lose their license. Meanwhile if you need help urgently, consider calling a suicide hotline. Also, I found this interview with a social worker about his depression that might be insightful. http://socialworkpodcast.blogspot.com/2009/04/social-workers-and-depression-interview.html Speaking as someone who deals with many of the same people a social worker does, it is just as important for you to seek help as it is for your clients. That kind of job can easily take a toll on you, we're all human. Your employer, knowing the potential trauma social workers have to deal with, should have some kind of employee assistance program(s) where you can privately talk to a therapist about your issues. If not, I highly suggest you seek treatment for yourself. I understand your concerns about the stigma and your job, but your health and well-being come before that. I sincerely hope you can find the strength to seek the treatment you deserve.