 Store sold me a class 3a laser pointer at the mall. I took it home and was playing with it. While it was pointing at the carpet I was walking to someone and smelled smoke. I look down and my carpet is burning a good six to eight inch hole . Class 3A lasers DO NOT DO THIS. It caused significant physical pain on my finger and has successfully light several pieces of paper on fire while testing. This is a higher end class 3b or class 4 burning laser which was illegally sold to me. It does not have the safety key in the back and it has caused real pain in anyone who has looked at the reflection of the beam. I went back today and bought a second one stating I accidentally dropped the first one in some water ruining it. Took it home and it light a piece of paper on fire pretty quickly. Not like, holding it down for 1-3 minutes but like 10-20 seconds and it was like a magnifying glass in the sun on the paper. I have stopped using it obviously and taken it apart. My question is what can I do about this? Obviously I am going to try to go after the store that sold me the laser as it marketed them as class 3A on the shelf. I do not believe my vision was significantly impacted but I plan to go see an eye doctor tomorrow. So add that to the tab. Who can this be reported to? I looked it up and the laser pointer does not have any of the safety features required to legally sell a class 3b or class 4 laser.  Sorry, couldn't resist writing a commercial for your future endeavors: "Have you or a loved one been hurt by a laser? Contact /u/Thehummingbug, Laser Lawyer. ^(Do not look at laser with remaining eye.)" Wow. That's a fairly ambiguous manufacturers spec. Sounds like the manufacturer isn't even sure. Sounds like he did it to make sure it wasn't just a one-off situation (defective item). All those lasers are probably of similiar capabilities. You have a product that you thought was dangerous and harmful, so you went back to the store and bought a second one? Why? Im just telling you what I read in an article summarizing some academic piece. If you're concerned about the legality of the device, I encourage you to return it for a refund and report it to the agency I noted above.  Fair enough. Still make a claim with their insurance. You will probably get adjusters from both the stores insurance and the manufacturers calling you. If they deny the claim you can get a consultation with a personal injury lawyer.  Manufacturer specs say less than 350 milliamps. Less than 3.7 volts. And less than 5 milliwatts. Some three a lasers can actually cause things to burn. But you have to hold it down for a really long time, unless it's like a balloon you're popping. We did a few tests and we lit a butane lighter a match and several papers very quickly with just the beam. I have played with several 3A lasers in the past, and I've never had one that can actually start a fire on cloth carpet. Wild flammable it's not as flammable as people would think. It is quite easy to drop a candle on the carpet I have and stop it out before you even singe the carpet. I'm not stupid enough to actually point a laser into my eye. The refraction off of soft surfaces like cloth was enough to actually cause physical pain in myself and my friend. Where can i buy one? Okay, just did some fascinating research. So from what I found, some 3a lasers actually can burn paper or other substances. A known risk of pretty much all sold lasers is vision damage. I wouldn't hope for any award beyond perhaps a refund. If you really believe it to be above a 3a, you would report it to (in a surprise to me) the Texas Department of State Health Services.  File a claim with the stores insurance. And stop pointing lasers into your eye  Erherm... I’m also in Texas and curious where the laser cane from ;) for research  What does the manufacturer's specs say?