 Is someone able to sponsor you without marrying you? We live together and have 3 kids. At some point, I plan to earn more money than them. They moved here when they were 12, and have been here since. No criminal record. Has done volunteer work, so an active, positive member or society. What are the steps we need to take to get the ball rolling. I know this takes years.  Iiiinterestinggg You wouldn't have to stay married forever. Once your spouse gets their conditional green card, after two years, it becomes a permanent green card, and even a subsequent divorce doesn't eliminate their Permeant Resident status, and they would still be able to become a citizen after that. You've had a long term domestic relationship - it's not a "green card" quid pro quo marriage, even if it's not something you're emotionally invested in.  He came with his family when he was 12. Theen started going to school here and just kept going with his life. They didn't sneak here, it's the other thing you mentioned, overstaying their visit. My personal objection is while we had kids, that was some time ago. We're not the same people we once were. We currently live together. But only until I get through school. I plan to be independent (without a partner) and just me and my kids once I'm established. I have no intention of marrying him. But I figured I could at least do some research, and gain some.knowlege. He's nervous for obvious reasons.  Generally speaking, there are three ways to lawful immigration: 1) Family based (spouse, parents, children, siblings in come cases) 2) Employment Based (temporary workers, students, investors, exceptionaly talented, critical fields) 3) Diversity Visa (Your home country is not one of the major sources of immigrants and you win a lottery system). There is no way for a private individual to directly pettion on behalf of an unrelated foregin national. If you own a company and meet certain requirements you can apply for persmission to offer them a work visa. But if you're talking about your long term partner and the mother of your children; there's no easier way than to get married. Especially because being the "immediate relative" of a US citizen also forgives some immgration sins that would otherwise make someone inadmissible for adjustment of status purposes. What is their legal status and how did they enter the country? If the overstayed a visa, that's a lot easier than if they "snuck across the border" (Entered without inspection).  Thee is no common law marriage-type sponsorship for the US. Marriage only.