 Hey guys, Really need some help here. My girlfriend and I have gone through a rocky relationship the past few months. We have broken up a couple times. I got back together with her, and saw on her phone that she had been texting an ex boyfriend. She wrote "yoo i need you to beat someone up for me, XXXX(my house address). House is a lick too. Tell everyone". I took a picture of the conversation. Besides getting away from her, how should I proceed? Can I take legal action? As someone else said, you could call the police and have the mediate the affair possibly. Say that you have reason to believe she means to cause you harm and that you would like an officer to be present during the exchange.  Perhaps you should call the police yourself and have them send out an officer. That way you know it will be a real peace officer and not some dude coming to punch your face in. Better yet, show them the message. I mean, you fear for your safety and you have evidence to back it up. You might as well use it.  If you haven’t already, call the police and tell them what you found.  A peace officer is supposed to be coming with her tomorrow to get her stuff. I am scared shes just going to show up with someone random and mess me up. It is my parent's house. They have valuable art, jewellery, cars ect.  “House is a lick too.” Can you clarify what that means? Go to the police Even though you already said it, get away from her. Break up, give her whatever shit of hers you got and get the fuck out of there  INAL but you need to contacr the police non emergenc line ask them how to proceed for your safety. Conspiracy to commit injury is a crime in Canada. In Canada, the crime of conspiracy is set out at §465 of the Criminal Code which includes, inter alia: "(E)very one who conspires with any one to commit an indictable offence ... is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to the same punishment as that to which an accused who is guilty of that offence would, on conviction, be liable." Email yourself at least one copy of that screen shot/photo. Police.