 Flew on AA369 on 12/27 Nashville-Dallas. I had my 11-month-old daughter in my lap. While boarding, I sat down in my seat and it was soaked. My pants got completely wet and it smelt horrible. I immediately told the attendants and had to wait with my child in the aisle for them to switch the cushion. This delayed the plane 35 mins. After takeoff, I realized the back of the seat was still soaked with urine even after they switched it. I informed the flight attendants again and one male attendant told me that the seat had “piss,” (in his words) on it. They soon accommodated us with some food and a drink. They told us that there would be an American Airlines rep when we landed. When I landed, there was no one there. I have continued to contact them and they are now offering me a $75 voucher. To me I feel that this is an admission of guilt. Should I seek an attorney? [deleted] You've got a customer service issue, not a legal one. It's a negotiation.  That's enough to pay for a new set of clothes, which is all your damages. No, seeking an attorney will only cost you money and get you nowhere.  It's a settlement offer, not an admission of guilt. Unless you ruined your 3000 dollar Gucci jeans on those seats, I have a feeling your tangible losses are much less than $75, so I'd take the voucher. The voucher is so you won't go to the media, not because they're afraid of being sued. It's up to you whether you want to take it and shut up, but all you'll get from going public with your story is a feeling of "beating American Airlines" and less money. Alternatively, you can ask for more money and escalate the case higher in the American airlines food chain. This is probably your best option if you're ok with wasting hours to potentially get a hundred more dollars. I'd take a check, I might not be happy with a voucher for future services TBH. The fact that you had your child with you is irrelevant. I personally would want more than a $75 voucher (although I would accept a check) but I very much doubt that a lawyer would be in any way interested in this. In your place, I'd continue to negotiate. What are your damages? The $75 offer was pretty good, tbh. An attorney to achieve what goal? Also, American Airlines did the exact same thing to me a few years back, but with vomit. I'm with you! 