 My mother is a 64 year old woman who has nothing for retirement so she's really susceptible to "get rich quick" crap. This isn't the first time she's made a bad "investment". She called me today saying "I might have made a mistake" and gave me the details. In early December, she gave a web design company named kreative.com $4000 to set up an e-commerce website for her. They were supposed to design it and set everything up making it as turn key as possible. It was supposed to be your standard drop ship site where people buy items, they automatically ship from the vendor, and you get a little bit of profit in between. They sold it to her as "Your $4000 is an investment you'll make double that your first year" and she bought into it. It's been 2 months and the website is still "under construction" and they're asking her for more money to finish it. They set up a very basic template at warhead.com with no customization. They used her firstname-lastname.warhead.com and even mispelled her first name. They're also asking her for $10,000-$30,000 more so that they can "market" the new website to give her even more return. I did some googling and it looks like everyone who has reviewer their service has said it was a complete scam. She has a phone meeting with them at 6pm tonight and I'm going to go over and put them on speakerphone and see what I can do to get my mom's money back. I know they're going to shut down and tell me a refund isn't possible. I'm pretty sure my mom used a credit card, can we dispute the charges? What are my options if we can't do that?  Looking into a company's credibility is something you do BEFORE you give them thousands of dollars. Your searches after the fact aren't really relevant, and if you go into this meeting convinced it's a scam, that's the impression you'll get regardless of what is said. It's entirely possible this company is legit, and that your mom is simply in over her head. This comes down to the agreement your mom signed. The company would argue that they're performing as agreed, and that two or more months is a reasonable timeline for building an e-commerce site. The contract should spell out these kinds of details. Also, you should maybe your mom isn't telling you the whole truth, and that she's changed the requirements to necessitate the extra money they're requesting. Honestly though, there isn't much to go on. If after the call today you're still skeptical, contact a local lawyer practicing contract law.  If she used a credit card it should be easy to dispute. She paid for a service, that service didn’t deliver. And now to deliver, they want 2.5x as much as the initial investment. If she used another form of payment and they aren’t an American based company (assuming you’re in the US), it might be difficult or impossible to get money back. 