 Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Identification of Any Involved Party Posts or submissions that ask for or contain information that could be used to identify either party are subject to immediate removal. If this information is included in the title of your post, which cannot be edited, you must re-post without this information. If not, you will need to edit your comment or post. Please review the following rules before commenting further [General Rule 10]() [Posting Rule 3]() [Reddit Personal Information Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. They are in the US, Cyrus O'Connor and Evan D Jones. I have all their information, I provided it to the USSS.  Unfortunately, that's a risk of doing business with cryptocurrencies and faceless individuals that you don't know. If you have $327000 and not $3270.00 to toss around in a volitale and unstable market through someone you only have someone else you sorta know vouch for them, you also really need to have an attorney review such transactions before you make them. You can sue the "firm" you were purchasing BTC from for your loss... if you can figure out who they are and find them to serve them, and can travel to their location to do so. The SS is not going to prioritize such as matter as it is incredibly common and they will not resolve it for you. You will need to resolve this in civil court yourself. You need a civil litigation attorney here. You can contact the bar association where they live to find someone. This may be different in verbiage than reality, since I have a pretty strong suspicious the scammers are not in the USA. What.. the.. fuck... There's no way this is real.. Who the fuck wires 300k on a 'recommendation'. Easy come, easy go. yeah, and they want 30k retainer and even if the guy or company could easily say they don't have assets "judgment proof"   No. No it is not. You never wire someone $327k because your buddy said "oh yeah they're probably fine." Because that's how you get defrauded for $327k. Which you have been.  We had done 6 figure trades before, one of the first one Cyrus sent me 17 BTC and I wired him cash.  This amount of money is "Speak to a real lawyer" territory. You're way out of self help territory. Realistically you've not getting your money back. Get back in touch with law enforcement. And you wired $327k on nothing more than a recommendation? 