 In September 2018, my boss and I (22F) came to an internship arrangement that basically said that I would work remotely 4-6 hours a week for him and be paid a set wage monthly for the duration of the semester. This agreement was verbal and heavily implied through texts, but shouldn't be an issue since verbal agreements for wages are valid in New York state and this was for only the semester, so less than a year. Around early to mid November, my boss stopped delegating me tasks even though I reached out multiple times to ask if he needed things done. I did do work for him for the first 2 months (September and October) and the last two months I continued to block out time for him every week, but he was pretty unresponsive and did not give me work to do. Since he only paid me one month's salary, I asked him this week if I could be paid for at least two months salary, but he says he does not feel that the amount of work he gave me equates to the salary that he set in the original agreement. I feel that since our arrangement was that of a set monthly salary, I am entitled to at least the two months that I was working for him, regardless of how much work he delegated me. Even when he did not give me work to do, I was still obligated to reserve time out of my week for this internship, time that I could have spent working for someone else. tl;dr Basically my problem is how do I get my boss to pay me according to our original work agreement. You can normally file a wage complaint through your state. Or in my experience you send a letter or email to this company stating that you expect to be paid for September and October otherwise you will be forced to file a complaint with the NYS Department of Labor. That might well shake the payment loose. Not super well versed in law but I’d say if he isn’t budging and you have more proof than a verbal agreement (aka how heavily implied is the agreement in texts) then I’d take him to court, but also the fees associated with court and the ambiguity of the case might cost you more than the money you’re trying to get.