 Can I represent myself in a custody battle in the state of Montana? Thanks a bunch and yes if I do decide to go it alone, I’m planning on having every duck in a row and then I’m gonna have another row of ducks that only I know about and they are gonna be in line as well!! thanks again  To argue a case, you must be able to emotionally distance yourself from the situation. Yes, lawyers do care about their clients and have a duty to advocate passionately for them, but as outsiders they are able to see both sides, appreciate a fair settlement offer, and understand the weaknesses in their clients' cases. The reason even lawyers shouldn't represent themselves in court is because they cannot truly see both sides of the case. They cannot understand the weaknesses of their own cases and because of this, they will be unable to prepare to deal with them and respond appropriately to the arguments the other side will offer. They also frequently are too biased to properly negotiate, if a settlement of some kind is possible This, of course, leaves out the issue of whether you know the area of law well enough to represent yourself. For example, I am not a criminal lawyer. If I ever got charged with a crime, I would hire a lawyer. I would not represent myself. For the reasons above and also because I would not know criminal law and procedure well enough.  Being involved is great! And if you want to tell the judge that, all the better. But custody can be a tricky thing. And if one side has already shown that they can't be trusted (as the mother of your kids has), then you need a lawyer who is experienced with this to handle any unforeseen issues that come up. What if she brings up allegations of abuse? What if she suddenly claims you're an unfit father? Do you have the skills necessary to refute all of these allegations, with evidence, with a guarantee that the judge will believe you? The fact that you haven't heard the horror stories of fathers that want to be involved with their kids' lives and are denied due to other reasons doesn't mean they don't happen. They're out there. Hey man, you came here for advice, got good advice and are now arguing against it. Can you represent yourself? Sure. But it sounds like if she has somebody helping her if she’s secretly setting up a parenting plan. Family law has a lot of weird procedural nuances, and if one side has an attorney and the other doesn’t, it will put the side that doesn’t at a major disadvantage. You’re also talking about proceedings with pretty high stakes if you lose.  If there are things you can represent reasonably, I would think this would be one of them. Not questioning your opinion, but every story I’ve heard, where the father wants to be involved it is almost certain he would get shared custody. Not trying to step on your toes, but it seems like this would be the only thing I would be qualified to represent myself on, please elaborate and thank you You should get a lawyer. There are things you can reasonably represent yourself with. But something this important, you want a professional on your side. I’m a parent trying to gain shared custody she left me about eight months ago and I’ve been sending her money. She’s been telling me we were gonna figure something out outside court then just go to a judge, but I guess behind my back she sat up a parenting plan. I just watched my nephew spend sixty thousand on a lawyer, just to get shared custody, to me that’s just taking away from my boys. Can I trust the court system to base everything on honesty? if so I don’t see why I need a lawyer as I have done nothing wrong, on the other hand she has been lying about everything she says about me and I have proof of most of her deceit. Are you a parent trying to gain custody, or a child trying to go with one parent over the other? Will the court permit it? Probably. Is it a good idea in any universe including one in which you are an attorney with extensive experience in family law? Hell. No. 