 (IOWA, US) I had a court date on the 31st for "Plea and Sentencing", I had attended every other court date with no issue aside from the ones that my public defender never told me about. I had told my public defender there was no way I could make it to this court date due to the extreme weather/ice/snow. The public defender told me that it was NOT required I appear in person since we were pleaing out for this case. I emailed him back asking what I would have to do, if I would have to pay fines, etc, and he has not replied to any emails or calls/texts. I got online to the IOWACOURTS website to view the status of my case and to my dismay/surprise, there is currently a filing for "ORDER TO ISSUE PUBLIC/BENCH WARRANT". It does not look like the actual bench warrant has been filled yet, only the request by the county attorney. I have attempted to contact him 5+ times with no response. This public defender has been absolutely worthless. I have been emailing them and calling them/leaving voicemails constantly throughout this case and they never get back to me and never tell me when my next court dates are. I am trying to find out what I can do. I was told by the public defender that I did NOT have to appear in court for this date and now they are trying to issue a bench warrant for FTA for the court date? I was told at my pre-trial conference that the case would be dropped to just a fine and court costs etc and as long as I paid those everything would be fine. Is there anything I can do to prevent a bench warrant from being issued at this point? Can I contact the clerk of court and let them know what happened and why I wasn't there? Can I claim that my lawyer is incompetent due to the things he has done and the fact he refuses to communicate with me about my case and I don't trust him? Could I go and pay for my own lawyer now and have them take over as counsel for my case? Wouldn't hurt. I would Would you recommend I get that certified?  Old fashioned snail mail. Thanks a lot! When you say letter do you mean physical letter through USPS or by email to the clerk of court or something along those lines? One action step you might take immediately is to write a letter to the court (include your name and the case number), telling them that you had been informed by your court appointed attorney that your attendance was not necessary, that you have not received any further communication from your attorney, that you request that the warrant be recalled by the court, and that you request a new attorney be appointed to assist you in resolving the matter at a sentencing hearing to be scheduled once competent counsel has been appointed to assist you. CC both the prosecutor's office and the PD's office on that letter.