 I moved out of an apartment complex and they used my deposit and then proceeded to charge me for the extended bill past the deposit. I was willing to work with them on the fees but had submitted a proper notice of dispute on the itemized bill. They said they would get back to me in a week, they didn't so I reached back out after two weeks, they said they would get back the next day, they didn't, I contacted them the next day and they asked for extra time to continue reviewing my bill and said they would contact me within the week and it has now been 30 days after that. This is getting to the point of being a problem as I have been more than proactive (all documented) and I don't want to get blindsided by some collection agency three months down the road. I have contacted them one last time and no response, it will be 60 days in a few more days since they originally said they would get back to me regarding the dispute. Would they have to take me to small claims or could they just send it to collections? Is there a number of days they need to have responded to my dispute having received it? I cannot seem to find state law regarding this specific matter. Given the documented communication I am not worried about being in the right but this is costing me time and could impact my credit given that they do something like send the bill to collections. This could have huge implications if my credit was impacted and I cannot go into why but I am talking about the potential loss of $50k , per year if it dropped my credit past a certain threshold. I doubt this threshold would be hit but if so, the cost of potential earning could be long lasting, over multiple years. Any direction on where to search for the related law would be appreciated, I do not seem to be able to find related law in state rental property regarding tenant rights. I had a friend that received a collections notice in a similar situation, it seems like at least a couple of property management companies in Idaho will differ and differ and then send it to collections like they were never in contact with the renter... he was in Boise though I’m not sure where you’re located... he ended up just paying it to be done with it, but I wish you the best of luck...