 So my husband was AD military, and had consistent income until his contract ended. He had always paid his child support through payroll deductions. When he ended his service, he unfortunately had to take a lower paying job until he got some experience. During that year of making substantially less money, she is refusing to sign a new agreement. I’m basically paying all bills so he can fork over his entire paycheck to the CS until she finally agrees to the amendment. However the only way she agreed is if my husband gets 10 days a year of visitation in their state of residence (TN)per year. He obliged to this to just simply take the financial load off. The past few months have improved for us somewhat financially, but he ended up slipping into arrears (about $6k) due to having to pay debts that were neglected trying to stay out of arrears, but the banks called all of his debts at once basically. Fast forward to now he has a substantially better job comparable to what he was making years ago. The ex and my husband have had an under the table agreement to just pay what he can per month at least to cover daycare, etc. He’s in good faith doing this and working to get regular on the agreement again. Now here’s my questions now that we have some context: 1.) Since his income changed, does he have to report his new income 2.) As far as I know, she seems to be really understanding and has not gone after me at all for more money and I don’t think she’s on welfare programs. She is willing to forgive the arrears as long as he starts paying on time again, but will it come to bite him in the ass if she gets a wild hair about getting her entitled money even if this handshake agreement is documented? 3.)How do arrears get reported to the State (TN)? Is this a state that will send you to jail over arrears? I can also add more details for clarification upon request. Thank you!  The payments are not collected via the state. It’s just a pay it on good faith system, but there’s a court agreement for the set amount. Him paying what he can is an agreement between them. Also if they need a little extra for school supplies, extracurriculars, etc he will usually oblige. Also some of the debt mentioned were his kids medical bills that were unknown because she didn’t list our address for billing and a collector had to track him down. I don’t think she’s reporting to the courts because of the possibility of jail. I think her logic is well some money is better than the $0 I would get if I slapped him with jail.  Is the order through the court or all just an agreement with themselves? Is the state the one taking payments and then issuing them to her? If so, it’s most likely every payment not through the courts is being marked as arrears. (This is dependent on court order, I had used to have an order where my sons mom paid directly to me and I had to report it to the courts if she failed to pay). If there is no order but signed something showing an agreement it should be enough to prove in court he was supporting if she were to try and say he wasn’t. (My sons mom requested back support for the 1st year of my sons life when I paid for everything and had proof of all the support I had given so her request wasn’t granted) I’m not a lawyer and I’m located in South Carolina so I’m only speaking from experiences and knowledge I’ve gained by going through the South Carolina family court system multiple times. 