 Im still a little shocked about the whole thing, but I’m really hoping to make this as smooth as possible, praying I’ll be able to avoid the points. So I was traveling back to school across the state after being home for the holidays. It’s New Year’s Eve, so the roads are pretty crowded around 6:30pm. I’m in the fast lane of a three lane highway, and I see the cop. I don’t even look at my speed because I’m focused on the road. I don’t want to look down, I’m looking at the cars in front of me, behind me, and to the right. The trooper clocked me at 102, and apparently it was a 70mph zone. This was upsetting because I know if I was going faster than those around me, it wasn’t by much, and it was only for a short time. I was going with the flow of traffic, trying to be safe by not taking my eyes off the road. When he pulled me over, he told me I was speeding, then started questioning me about if I knew how fast I was going. I said no, and he goes on about how “80 mph feels a whole lot different then going 102”, and he said that multiple times. Felt like he was trying to get me to admit guilt. He went back to the cruiser, wrote up the ticket, and it says the speed limit was 70. So why had he said 80 before? There is no way I was going 20 mph faster than the cars around me, there were too many cars. With the inconsistency, I started to distrust this guy. Then I started to think about how he said 102 feels a lot different than 80, and I’m thinking he’s right. Now, after the fact, I’m more convinced that I wasn’t even speeding at all. Definitely not by 30 mph. I need help because I’m just not sure how I should go about this. Is it a bad idea to go without a lawyer? Any insight is greatly appreciated Ok thank you Admitting to improper lane use isn’t helping your case. “The fast lane” doesn’t exist, and you are now admitting to using the passing lane for something other than passing while traveling in excess of 100 MPH. You need to go back to driver’s ed before you end up in prison. I appreciate ya, this right here is the reason I posted at all. I’m definitely a fucking dipshit Driving 100+ mph in a 70 zone is driving recklessly. Get a lawyer. They will do what they can - make sure the radar gun was calibrated, etc - and try to knock the pts off the ticket. Just hand over the money and let them do their job. And for the love of all that is holy, stop driving so fast. You end up killing someone and how fast you need to get to X is goig to suddenly seem insignificant.  You’re going to want to toughen up before your hearing, because the criticism you’re getting here is mild compared to what you will get at your hearing. And this you are reading on your home in privacy. At the hearing it will be a judge speaking into a microphone with a courtroom full of people there to witness you getting called a reckless dipshit. And you will have to just take it. Don’t say the cop didn’t witness you driving recklessly. Just because you could have driven even more stupidly (weaving between lanes) doesn’t mean you weren’t driving recklessly. Also don’t say you thought you were only going about 20 over. It jut makes you seem like an incompetent driver.  I actually thought I was going 90 at most, and I’m not one to switch lanes and all that, so the officer saw I wasn’t driving recklessly. But I’m sure you’ve never made a mistake There is no way that you get out of this without points on your record, even with an attorney. A mandatory court appearance means it’s serious. It could be a misdemeanor charge or mandatory license suspension. The officers comments were meant to convey that you might accidentally speed if you were going 80 in a 70 zone. But that at 102 you knew you were hauling ass and exceeding the speed limit by a LARGE margin. This won’t be a “whoops I’m sorry Judge” hearing. This will be a judicial ass Whoopi for you.  No, what he was telling you that going ten over is a common "derp" with the flow of traffic and driving over 100mph is not. You're reading into this and you're wrong. Stop driving like this. Get the attorney. Pay the attorney. Pay whatever you need. Be grateful if you retain your license and drive better.  “I was too focused on driving safely to notice how fast I was going” is also not a good defense. Don’t even try that one. Agree you should get a lawyer for this one.  Good points, your comment actually calmed me down a bit. An attorney seems like my best option  You were caught driving over a hundred miles an hour, and think you're a victim? Hire a traffic attorney, and slow the fuck down.  You're not getting this thrown out. The statutory minimum fine for 30+ over is at least $400. Hire an attorney who can see about getting it knocked down and avoid a license suspension. You're grasping at straws about the cop's comments. You don't know how fast you were going and a police officer is going to testify that he does. Only an attorney is going to help you now. And for God's sake, slow down.  Thank you, I’ll do that.  Dude. No. That’s not a defense and makes no sense. Obviously, 30 over is a lot more serious than 10 over.  “What to expect?” Your experienced traffic lawyer to know the best course of action here. Don’t be shocked to suddenly plead guilty to failure to wear a seatbelt or something as part of a plea deal. Hire a lawyer, do what he tells you. I think what I’m most concerned about is the 30+ jump in citations. If the officer himself implied that 80 was acceptable, then it seems unfair to be charged for the full 30 mph above. 20 seems more fair. Is there any legal way to approach that or is it just open and shut? I'm afraid I'm not sure about your specifics, but in some areas, going over 100mph or 30+ over the limit carries a more serious penalty such as reckless driving where your license could be suspended. You might want to do some research or hire an attorney to make sure that you don't get stuck with something much worse than you expect.  Your lawyer can try to challenge the officer's read of your speed, but if he clocked you with a properly calibrated RADAR/LIDAR that isn't going anywhere. If you have an otherwise clean driving record your lawyer can probably make a deal for you. So messed up I have to spend all this money to hopefully get it reduced/thrown out, but if that’s my best shot I’ll try to make it happen In your opinion, what is a good defense here Hire an attorney in the county where you got the ticket. It will cost you a few hundred bucks and it's your best chance for getting the minimum punishment. You being convinced that you weren't speeding isn't a defense nor will it get you anywhere. You should really hire a lawyer here for the best outcome.  Ask for footage of the cop's dash cam. I don't understand how you're even able to go that fast on a busy road. 