 So around a year ago my back was broke in 9 different places in the spinal processes I have medical records that prove it. I been having back pain ever since to different degrees. My GP has ordered two separate x-rays both times the xrays basically state that my back is medically perfect and there's no acute changes to the spine and that I have neither lordosis, scoliosis, or kyphosis. So he sends me to a physical therapist that basically confirms that the radiology report is bull crap and I have breaks he can see on a ultrasound and can physically feel with is hands and has lordosis of the spine. I want to know if I can sue the radiology department for lying and falsifying medical records? Take/send the entirety of your record, including the original x-rays, and the interpretation of them. This will also help you to understand whether the error is bad x-rays, or bad reading of them, or just faked a reading of them.  Ok Why would they falsify records though? What benefit is there? There is a better chance the doctor is incompetent than there is they are falsifying records (I'm not saying either are true). Go get a second opinion Probably will do actually. Be that as it may, but in contrast to the other bad behavior you describe, I don’t see how the radiology department profits from saying your back isn’t broke.  The breaks that's in my back can never heal in the traditional sense of the word, I broke a 9 of my spinal processes and has a wedge fracture deformity. It is impossible for any radiologist in thier right mind to not be able to note that in an x-ray where the doctor is looking for a reason for back pain and to track the healing process. It's delaying effective treatment and is costing me time and pain and suffering, the wedge fracture can be fixed with bone cement in a out patent procedure but it has to be noted on the new X-ray first because the one I had taken from the trama center is from a different hospital. The fact that radiology is claiming that my spine healed like the motherfuking wolverine is not only a sign of incompetence but is actively prolonging my suffering. Sounds like you will need to travel to an alternative radiologist The hospital in question is actually knee deep in lawsuits for things like put in heart catheters people that don't need it to just general incompetence and Medicare fraud but it's the only hospital in the area that takes my insurance. The breaks that's in my back can never heal in the traditional sense of the word, I broke a 9 of my spinal processes. It is impossible for any radiologist in thier right mind to not be able to note that in an x-ray where the doctor is looking for a reason for back pain. The likelihood that radiology would falsify records is zero. Why would they take an enormous risk for no gain? That makes no sense at all. If there is an inaccurate report in your records it is due to error, not malice.  I am not a lawyer, and a physical therapist is not a doctor. Back problems can be difficult to diagnose so you should seek a second or even third opinion, from a doctor who went to medical school. If you think radiology is lying (why and to what end, though) seek a malpractice attorney. There is not enough information in your post for anyone; lawyer, doctor or otherwise to provide any reasonable advice.  Even if what you say is true (most likely they aren't falsifying records), what are your damages? You have a right to your xrays, request a copy and take them to another doctor.