 This is in Colorado. I dont want to get in trouble for naming a store directly, but it is one of the best major tech stores in the US, most employees wear blue, and they send tons of spam emails. I bought a TV on their website for in-store pickup; paid $400 + tax for a 55", Samsung LED TV. Went to the store, they went through every step of checking who I was, called the order into their warehouse and told me to pull my car up to the curb. When I pulled up I saw an employee wheeling a TV out that I did not think was mine (was a different model's box) and I walked inside the store. When I got inside I was told that my TV was outside and was the one I had just walked by. I brushed it off and assumed that my TV had been a refurbished model that was packaged in a reused box. I helped the man load it into my car, said thank you to everyone that helped me, and left. When I got on the road I noticed I had a missed call from the store (about 10 minutes after I left) I pulled over and called them back numerous times, every time I was unable to get through to a real person after a total of about 15 minutes spent cycling through automated menus. I gave up and continued on my way home. Fast forward, TV is set up and the initial setup animation reveals that this is indeed the TV advertised on the box, a 65" Samsung QLED tv priced at $1500 from the store. I looked up the model number, saw the huge disparity in prices, and immediately called the store and just kept choosing menu options until I got through to a person. I explained the situation and after an hour or so they decided they would have someone come to my house and swap the TV I have for the one I bought. Okay great, the only problem is that they can only send someone during the week between 8 AM and 4 PM, and I'm not going to be home during those hours for the foreseeable future due to work and school. They did offer for me to bring the TV into the store (they are open until 9 PM most days) but I am not keen on that because I do not want to be liable for transporting something I cannot afford - not to mention I live far from the store and finding time to get there and back is not easy. I asked if they could arrange a special pickup at night or on a weekend and was told that wasn't possible. I made an appointment for Thursday hoping I could get the day off, but I can't so I need to reschedule that appointment. Overall the store itself has been less than helpful, and honestly a bit rude, so today I called the company's customer service at a call center. I was basically told (with a major nudge-nudge-wink-wink tone) that if this is becoming an inconvenience that I could just cancel the service appointment, and that it should be fine because the TV was not financed so the sale is closed out on their end. That's basically word for word what I was told, kind of vague but seems to be saying that I could screw the store over if I choose and keep the TV. My question is, if I were to cancel that appointment and keep the TV, what would happen legally? Do I own this TV or would I owe the store the difference? Morally I wanted to give it back, I'm sure some store employee simply put my name on the wrong box and got totally reamed for it and I feel kind of responsible for that, but the store is not making it easy to correct the mistake. I simply cannot miss work to be home for a service appointment, and I do not feel comfortable transporting it - especially if I do not own it. At this point it has become more of a hassle than I have time for and I just want to be done with it in any way possible, so if I keep it am I facing potential legal trouble?  If BestBuy sent you TV that you did not order, you should tell them. Technically speaking, this is not theft. It's a contract dispute. Specifically, a dispute involving the Uniform Commerical Code, which involves the sale of goods. Breaches of the UCC Article 2 are described in Section 6. 4-2-601 describes when a buy may reject non-conforming goods. (In this case, since the TV is not what OP purchased, it's non-conforming). [§ 4-2-602]] of Colorado's Revised Statutes describe the responsibiites of a buyer: -2-603 and 4-2-604 ): ; and -2-711 ), he is under a duty after rejection to hold them with reasonable care at the seller's disposition for a time sufficient to permit the seller to remove them; but 's rights with respect to goods wrongfully rejected are governed by the provisions of this article on seller's remedies in general ( section 4-2-703 ). Under the terms of [4-2-606]() : ; or -2-602 ), but such acceptance does not occur until the buyer has had a reasonable opportunity to inspect them; or 's ownership; but if such act is wrongful as against the seller, it is an acceptance only if ratified by him. So if OP acts against the sellers ownership rights (by keeping the TV without permission, or constantly frustrating the seller's attempts to collect it), that can be deemed an acceptance, despite the non-conformity; and they can charge him the difference. Most companies choose not to do this as a customer service gesture, especially if it's thier fault. Amazon in particular has a generous write-off policy. But that customer friendly policy is not required by law. But again, this is all a contract issue; not criminal. They can invoice him for the difference in price and send it to collections; they can't call the police about it.  Yes. He has control of the item, but he hasn't threatened, decieved, and at this point he has permission. He's got to meet some element of both lists. He is controlling it. Yeah, you're right this isn't theft. At best it's a civil case where the company could try and get the difference from OP, but the fact that he's working so clearly to get the TV back to them should cut in his favor. It's not theft. Colorado defines theft as: Knowingly obtains, retains or controls the item; and Does so without authorization or by threat or deception. OP (if everything is true) has not met any elements of the second part. He's not threatened or decieved, and he has the permission from the company, so it's not theft. This is a bad idea as OP would be accepting any liability for damage to the product. Reboxing and transporting a 65" TV is no joke. The store needs to pick it up. I'm not OP? Nor was I any of the folks who responded to you previously. Chill out dude. This is a place for discussion and advice.  "When I pulled up I saw an employee wheeling a TV out that I did not think was mine (was a different model's box) and I walked inside the store" With this in mind, you STILL let them load this TV into your car? You knew exactly the moment they loaded it that it was the wrong model, then you continue on home and set it u?? Come on. Quit acting innocent and return the TV.  Ok, dude. Clearly you want to keep something that doesn’t belong to you. You’ve already been told that this is theft, illegal, and exposes you to legal liability. I’m not going to argue with you. Sorry you don’t like the answer. OP, tell the store you cannot accommodate such a pickup window. Explain that due to the size and weight and possibility of damage, you are not comfortable transporting the TV for return by yourself. Renegotiate a pickup window. Can you come the law which states that this is theft? Because, well, it isn't. The store gave OP the product after OP verified. OP then informed the store of the mistake upon discovery and offered to return. Just because the store cannot accommodate itself to remedy its mistake does not make OP a thief. Full market value is irrelevant... a retailer can't come back later and ask for more money because they over-discounted on a sales promotion. The store also can't claim theft here either... they properly engaged in a retail sale and store reps presented and even loaded the (incorrect) item. At most it's a civil issue, not a criminal one and I'm not sure I even grant you that. Just bring the TV back. No one here is going to tell you that you can keep it. Legally, I’m correct. The store could call the police for a theft or take you to civil court for damages. The doesn’t belong to you; you didn’t pay it’s full market value. They messed up, but this isn’t monopoly- a bank error doesn’t mean you get to keep the money.  Ethically you're right, but legally I'm not so sure. There was no deception here. OP ordered a product and was given an item he assumed to be correct at the asked price. Both buyer and seller had ample opportunity to inspect prior to sale. Either side may wish to correct this, but I don't think buyer is obligated to do so. This is easy. If you have to ask what the proper course of action is here, you already know the answer. This is a form of theft. Make it right.