 Hello all. I was notified today by my girlfriend that our neighbors have a problem with our dogs. We have a shared fence that I believe was installed by the previous owners, that those neighbors have taken it upon themselves to modify with vertical slats that obstruct the view. I have two dogs, one of which is a focused chewer. He had removed and chewed several of those slats (we're working on this, but it's an uphill battle). The neighbor spoke with my girlfriend that they "sprayed stuff" in an effort to stop the dog. She then said that she may electrify the fence as well. I'm going to speak with my attorney come business time, however I was wondering if anyone had any input. This is in Pennsylvania for what it's worth. Based on the OP's description, I was guessing they meant a chain-link fence with privacy slats installed after the fact ([like these]()). It would depend on the fence construction and where the dog was chewing on it. For a slatted privacy fence the wire could easily run between the slats with the insulators attached to the posts on the other owner's side of the fence. It would be a PITA to set up and take down, though preferable to constantly replacing slats. I'd also prefer a hot wire to some unknown spray. A hot wire won't do anything in this situation. It'd be on the wrong side of the fence. The neighbor can't install a hot wire on OP's side of the fence. That would constitute trespassing. You need to leash your dog or add another fence to keep the dog from destroying their property. I’d offer to replace what has already been damaged. As said above, this fence won’t electrify. Electric fences don't work that way. Fence chargers are isolated from an earth ground, when contacted the charger uses the object as a path to ground. If they tried to electrify a chain link fence the charger would be shorted and wouldn't function. Your neighbor would need to run a hotwire on your side of the fence for it to be effective against your dogs and with that you could reference trespassing etc. If they're just putting up the standard hot wire for livestock to stop your dogs from destroying it then there's no concern. The dogs will get a sting but nothing that will cause an injury.