 Throwaway account. In mid 2009 I (who lived in Texas) was involved in an long distance/online relationship with a man (who lived in South Carolina) who I was under the impression was closer to my age than what he actually was. Being in a tough, affectionately cold home 16 yo me wanted any positive attention I could get, and this person made me feel wanted, but more importantly loved. They stated they were going to come live with me which I assumed to be a joke, thus I entertained it. A few months went by and they asked for my address to come see me which I saw no harm in. No surprise, they show up with all of their possessions and strong arm 16 yo me into hiding them for about three/four months in my bedroom. The first week of their stay they pressured me into having sex with them, so I painfully lost my virginity. He pressured me into having sex throughout this entire time until he was finally caught in my bedroom at 3am sleeping next to me wherein he arrested simply for trespassing because my family member who's home I was in didn't invite him. It was after he was arrested that I found out he was in his early twenties and not 18. I struggled with telling my family the entire time about how scared I was of him. Throughout his stay he maintained a very manipulative behavior and gaslighted me. Him and I would also fight from time to time about him sexting with other girls, most of which were 13, 14. Once the police had arrested him that evening, knowing he was out of my home, my life, and on his way to either jail or his home state, basically just the fact he was nowhere near me and showed no signs of coming back, I was well ready to put this behind me and move along. Now, as an adult, I still struggle with nightmares of him, and thoughts of "what if he did this to another girl?" (As far as I knew I was the only girl he'd physically done anything with. Claimed I took his virginity.) I could have swallowed my fear of "what it" long ago when he was around and reported him then, told a family member, or something, but instead I kept quiet and endured the abuse as if dealing with it would make it go away. My question: Would it do any good to report him now? Would it do ANYTHING to report him now? How CAN I report him now? Can't he hit me for slander or defamation? I've spent years in therapy and only now feel strong enough to make him face the truth of what he did to me as well as stop him from doing it to any more girls. I just don't know where the hell to go from here... You can report him to the local police where it happened Given the above he is going to have a really hard time if he sues you for defamation and tries to claim you made the whole thing up. Not only do you have a witness, you have a police report.  Report it to the city that it happened and they would have jurisdiction over the case. Thank you for being strong even though I don’t know you I am proud of you.