 As the title states, this is about the company I work for. I don't know if it is allowed on this sub to ask if certain things are legal/illegal. I am in Texas. Anyway, here it goes: My company has several business units. I am basically a nobody in a corporate hive. Therefore, I know nothing and am told nothing. What I do know is that there are about 8 companies that were acquired over the past year by the parent company and they are all in the process of merging into one company. I am employed by the parent company, doing work for one of the 8 companies. It's complicated. My company is essentially a broker/retriever of records for law offices/insurance carriers across the country. We subpoena records from many different types of facilities, basically doing the paperwork side of what a paralegal would do at a law firm. At least that's the way it was explained to me. We mostly are part of civil suits. My job is specifically with the opposing counsel to my company's "ordering client." Can be a plaintiff or defendant law firm. The company I am doing work for determines (based on sales) any kind of bonuses that I get in my "sub-business unit." (SBU) (Parent Company -Business Unit . There are three streams of revenue that my SBU generates: revenue from new "cash in advance" (CIA) opposing counsels, revenue from (returning) ordering party opposing counsels(30 day invoicing), and revenue from CIA converted ordering counsels. CIA revenue is about 30-40% of SBU revenue, 30 day is about 40-50%, and CIA ordering counsel revenue is usually a steady 10%. Our bonus is based on the goal for CIA + "parts" of the 30 day invoicing. CIA revenue is calculated, then 30 day is added in at the end of the month. We know the CIA sales as they come in. (I promise this is all important information for my question and it's not about the bonus payout sorry) Some additional information about all of this is our bonus structure: If we make: 90-100% of goal, bonus is $150 101-115% of goal, bonus is $400 116+% of goal, bonus is $750 The full sum of CIA + 30 Day + CIA as the ordering client = \~120% of goal, every month. Over the past three months or so, I have kept track of what we are told are the three streams of revenue amounts. Our standard amount of our CIA sales is usually about 70-75% of the goal amount. The SBU has steadily reported 90-95% of our goal every month. Every month is a little different, sometimes using money from CIA ordering clients to basically pad our goal, always using parts of the 30 Day revenue. My questions is: Is it legal for them to report this varying amount to investors, not using the full amounts for our SBU? Forgot to mention, none of the additional revenue that is from our SBU is commissioned by another SBU. I also don't know about whether or not they are reporting the same numbers to the investors. That is just speculation. This is an honest question, though I am doubtful that it is illegal. Personally, just annoyed that they are doing this to avoid a larger bonus payout and they are keeping it at an acceptable level so that the executives don't get involved.  Thank you for your reply. It’s a private company. I am unsure if there is anything regulating how reporting is conducted. While it is possible our bonuses are based on something else entirely, what we have been explicitly told is that they are based on revenue generated by our SBU. It is based on when cash is obtained. I did my percentages and all of my above explanation based on this. Sorry for not clarifying that. I just suspect that I am not being given the full picture. I may be naive, but I would imagine if my company has made it this far, they wouldn’t be stupid enough to give incriminating information to someone in my very low position. I am still keeping track of what we are being told and if I ever manage to hear or see what we are reporting to investors, the SEC will be my first stop. I will definitely see what I can find out from HR. I suspect they are just being crappy in that they want to keep bonuses at a minimum. HR works from that side so I doubt they would want to help and would become worried that someone is questioning their pay. Thank you so much for your reply If your company is publicly traded, the numbers reported to investors would be based on GAAP accounting which has particular rules about when and how revenue is booked and earned. It’s possible your bonus is based on some other accounting principle like when deals or signed or when cash is collected or some other basis. If you think and have evidence that your company is misreporting it’s financial statements, you can file as a whistleblower with the SEC. Though if you can’t explain or evidence the fraud in clear detail, it is not likely to go very far. If you have serious evidence you can have whistleblower attorney help you file. If you think your bonuses are being improperly calculated you can request additional verification from your superiors or HR, or you could meet with local employment attorneys to pursue on your behalf.