 Long story short. Come to a red light. There's 3 or 4 cars in front of me and I am stopped. Lady in car behind me rams me from behind and damages my bumper (it's cracked, scratched) and possibly my exhaust system (it rattles, my car makes a different noise when I start it up / drive, and one time smoked). No injuries. She was driving a friends car, so it wasn't her insurance. She said the car has no brakes and she has a warrant for her arrest and tried to get me to say it was her friend driving and she would come down. I called the cops immediately and the cop came and saw the where the damage was and said it's no question that it was her fault. The cop took both our information for a police report and let me go. Not sure what he did with her. The damage is on the rear passenger side. I am not sure how long it takes to get a police report, but I already put in a claim with her insurance company and sent pictures and described the situation. She had let me have a picture of her insurance card because she was trying to get me to let her go and she promised to pay me back. Forward to today (Wednesday) and I am driving. I am crossing an intersection and out of nowhere there's a lady who did not see me. I was already 3/4 of the way past her car and she hits me in the driver side left rear bumper / side of car. My car only has scratch marks on it, but no cracks. Again, nobody hurt. Police report says it will be ready in 5 days. I don't know her insurance company because the police officer got there very quick and took all the info. My question is this.. the first insurance claim they will have to replace my bumper, and possibly something exhaust related or undercarriage. I am sure they'll send me to the body shop of their choosing close to me. I do not know what the second officer wrote in his police report because I do not have it yet, but I definitely made sure to tell him only the driver side is damage from todays accident. For the second claim, I am sure they will also send me to a body shop of their choice as well. How is it going to work since one side of the bumper is damage from one driver and the other side is damage from another driver? The second insurance company will see the damage from the first. Are they going to want to try and split the cost with the other insurance company or are they going to possibly pay something to me? (I'm using the above scenerio that they're two different companies.. for all I know they could be the same) 