 I remember being told that non-competes are completely unenforceable in Ontario. Main argument is that they cannot prevent you from earning a living from what you do. This is for a trading prop trade firm. nbsp; Now I finally got my contract, haven't signed it yet and will probably have a few more following post questions for it, but one of the major clauses in there "Non-conflict" and it basically reiterates a non-compete clause and gives him sole discretion, again big red flag. Now my big question is this entire contract enforceable or does it become void because it has an unenforceable clause? Secondly if he writes a clause in there that basically says I acknowledge and accept the non-compete despite current laws in my province by me agreeing it supersedes it unless in a federal criminal case? Without a time limit, the implication that this is forever. Why argue for one? It makes it more likely that the non-compete isn't enforceable.  There's a part that says Geographical area and it specifies this industry but makes no direct reference (trading). Do they have to have a time expiry or should I argue for one? And to answer your second question, judges will try to sever the offending clause but still give effect to the rest (often called the "red pencil" approach). So, if the non-compete can be crossed out with a red pencil and the rest of the agreement makes sense, then the rest of the contract is enforceable.  The more tailored a non-compete is, the more likely it is to be enforceable. Tailored here means short duration, small geographic area, specific occupation. So, for a hairdresser, "can't work at a competing hair salon within a 5 km radius of BUSINESS for a period of 6 months" is probably enforceable, but "can't work in the beauty industry for a period of 2 years in the province of Ontario" wouldn't be.  damn was afraid of that, their pricey and charge by the page too. Alright thanks for that. NC are generally unenforceable, but that doesn't mean that they are completely unenforceable. So we can give you a "most likely not enforceable" (which you already know) but you won't get a more precise answer without contacting an employment lawyer to review the contract. 