 Obligatory unsure if this post should be here but this is the place I thought could give me good answers. Also am on Mobile so sorry TLDR - Ethernet doesn’t work in our rooms despite have ports, landlord gives approval to have an electrician fix the problem. Electrician informs me of a development in the situation and that it seems we aren’t allowed to use the internet for gaming. Context Hey so I’m part of a group flatting in New Zealand, we are university students and recently got this sweet new apartment for an affordable price with free internet. Anyway we discovered that the internet is only Wi-Fi which is a problem. This is odd as the rooms all have Ethernet ports in theme. Another problem is we all have PCs that can’t connect to WiFi and we use our PC’s for university work and gaming. We attempt to resolve the situation by calling our ISP, we are told that the problem is with the wiring of the ports because if WiFi is provided then they can’t just switch something on at their end. We contact the landlord and notify him of the situation and he gives us his approval to call an electrician to wire the Ethernet ports in (We also made it very clear we would cover the costs) I then receive an Email from the electrician which is here below. Hi Caine I have spoken to Brian and he wants to make sure you are not setting for gaming and hooking into the system already set-up?? Brian advises that a Wi Fi connection is available and the wired system is definitely not connected due to the Wi Fi being available. Brian also advises that if you engage my company that you are to pay all costs. Maybe you need to clarify things with Brian first before my company becomes involved. Regards, Simon First Question that I actually require legal advice for is can the landlord actually restrict what we use the internet for? Especially when this wasn’t written into the contract we signed? Would it be a good idea to just go around that and use our own internet ISP and system? Secondly can the landlord prevent us from wiring the ports in with an electrician seeing as he gave approval? It just seemed odd that everything was going smooth. Anyway much appreciated. 