 So my life is awful living with my mother. She tried to have me get a job when I turned 16 but I didn't want one at the time, but when I got one I was forced to pay rent. Anything else I don't use for rent is I am forced to give to her to save but I dont see any of it and she is buying new clothes, phones, and getting tattoos now. She also only treats my little brother nice not me or my sister who moved out first chance she got. While treating me lesser than my little brother I have even received scars from her nails when she grabs my arm and digs. I really do not want to be here anymore but if I try and stay with someone else or go to my grandparents she stops me by using her threat of sending me to live with my dad who is worse. I was hoping to find a way to get something like Emancipation so I could finish my senior year of high school in peace before I move onto college. So my question is if there is a way for me to become a emancipated minor. Or if I could move in with someone willing to take me in for a bit and not have legal issues like having my father take custody and be forced to leave. You may want to take pictures of your scars from her nails, if she threatens you with consequences, you can file an abuse claim. Good luck OP. Well I am going to talk to family and friends first and see what options I have on places to live. After that I guess I would talk to my mom about it and if need look into other routes like CPS. Thank you for taking the time to help out and answer my questions. That would be the best way if you can do it!  Possibly I would need to get in touch first and then speak to them about it. But is it possible that my mom may allow me to live elsewhere and not go through all this trouble? That's fine - if it's just a few months away, you might want to just stick it out. But if you mean next school year, then getting your grandparents involved might be the best bet, if you want to avoid CPS. Could they convince your mom to let you stay there? Would they agree to file for emergency custody? Close to the end of my school year but sorry if I don't want to share that with the internet. They will investigate all children in the home, yes. How long until you turn 18?  Would having contact with CPS on my behalf also affect my little brother? He just turned 16 but he isn't in the same boat. For some reason he is perfect, doesn't do wrong, and is currently happy with his situation. But he also has bad anxiety and don't want to put him through something like this if he doesn't have to. Talk to a counselor or trusted teacher and ask them to call Child Protective Services. That can start the process of possibly being able to live elsewhere. Where would you go to live? Do you have family you want to live with? Your father could get custody of you if he is around.  So what can I do? OP, this is inaccurate, I am a social worker in New York state, and your parents absolutely can make you return home. You will be considered a runaway, and they can file a PINS petition on you if you refuse to return, until you are 18.  She might consider me a runaway but I plan to confirm it with family and let her know and tell her about everything I have worked out. Also she had a many chances to fix her parenting after my sister did something similar to this when she turned 18, but my mom refused to listen and became worse. She even took her anger out on me when my sister when talk with me but not her. Would your mom consider you a "runaway" if you left? That might put you in a bad situation. If you think there is any possibility of making "home" work, I encourage you to ask some other adults around you for local resources that might help you and your mom work something out. Your situation may be fixable with a little family counseling, IMHO. Most parents want to be good parents, but they need training and support to do it right.  Good luck! Alright thank you so much. It might take a few weeks for it too happen but I will edit the post to let you know how it goes. Actually, nevermind about the medical care. I’ve looked into it future and you should be good for consenting to your own medical care if you’re emancipated. The issue is that there’s not actually an NY law about this, but several court cases about the matter have ruled in favor of the minor. She may choose to remove you from her insurance though, if you choose to leave. She cannot stop you from leaving, but she can keep your documents. I would try to get everything you can before you leave (social security card, birth certificate, etc). If you’re forced to, and you have a driver’s license, you can replace these documents but you need at least a drivers license or passport to do so.  Thank you very much thats great to hear. Although for the medical care, can I pick uo my own perscription and pay the co-pay myself? And what if she tries to stop me from leaving as well has hold on to things I need such as my social security card? So actually you're in luck here. In New York, you don't need a court order to become emancipated. All you need to do is: 1. Be over 16 2. Not live with either parent 3. Not receive income from either parent (child support does not count) 4. Have a job as a main source of income 5. Not be in foster care or under court supervision Basically, all you need to do is leave, and refuse to move back in with either parent or take money from them. Your mother cannot force you to live with her or your father. If she tries, call the police. The only issue is that until you're 18, you will still need her consent to get a driver's license and receive routine medical care. 