 I purchased a Chihuahua puppy on recently. 38 hours after purchasing her I went to get her checkup at the vet and she tested positive for parvo. I am extremely grateful that she has pushed through it and is doing extremely well now, but the seller is not willing to reimburse me for the price of the dog. As the vet explained to me, for parvo to even show up on a test they must have been exposed to it 4-7 days prior, since I only had her for 38 hours it would be virtually impossible for her to have gotten it in my care. I contacted the seller and they are now stating that they are not "pet dealers" and therefore have no obligation to pay me back, so is my best option to take this to small claims court? Well you still have the dog so I don’t think it’s wise to ask for the full amount of the dog back unless you return it but they could be liable for the vet charges.  I dont think they knew the dog had it but here is what the Florida pet lemon law states: Consumers have 14 days to document contagious or infectious disease and one year to document congenital or hereditary defects. Consumers must notify the pet dealer within two business days of the veterinarian's determination that the animal was unfit. Consumers have three days to provide the seller with written certification of the animal’s unfitness. We took her to the vet 39 hours after purchasing and let the seller know the same day what the vet told us then send a letter by mail 2.5 days after. Florida Pet Lemon Law states that you can ask for up to the amount you paid for the dog. I have spent triple what I paid for the dog on medical bills but can only get back what I paid. So you want them to take the puppy back and give you a refund? Most people would just ask for the medical bills to be covered. Have you been to the place where they are being bred or do you know anything about the breeder? If know anything that would make you suspect this is a "backyard breeder" I would encourage you to bring this to the attention of your county animal control so they can investigate and get any remaining dogs the care that they need. You would need reasonable proof they knowingly gave you a pet with Parvo. So unless pup visited the vet in those 4-7 days you don’t have a strong case. The breeders can claim ignorance. There is an incubation period for disease before signs and symptoms appear.  Heck yes. These type of people suck.