 BACKGROUND: Hello everyone, I'm a father in Tennessee. I wasn't permitted to sign the birth certificate at the time of my child's birth, rather spiteful reasons at the time. My daughter turns 2 on Wednesday. I had a regular visitation schedule with my daughter until a year ago, around that time my visitation was abruptly stopped. My ex was emotionally and mentally abusive toward me, even still as of now, and I am now in regular therapy to try to piece myself together. I still give her money every month, and get pictures occasionally of my daughter. I've tried very hard the last year to not only be understanding, but to try and work out a civil/easy situation for us all. I'm writing this because my attempts have been met with contempt, anger, or just no response at all. Along the way I've been told numerous times I have no rights, and I was inclined to believe my ex; given she is a social worker in the county we live. This has culminated to now; I'm in therapy, no criminal record, and a stable job. I have moved forward to contact an attorney, and we are filing with the court tomorrow. This has also taken more time because my ex and her mother whom she lives with/is her child care have an explosive, controlling, and mentally abusive relationship. Her mother dislikes me greatly, and has almost complete control of my daughter. So I have a huge fear of what my daughters life will be like for the duration of the trial. Obviously, I've discussed things with him, but I have anxieties/I'd like more input. Context example for the scope of mental abuse between mother/grandmother: My daughter is almost 2, and hasn't been permitted to ride in the car alone with her own mother. Questions: Do I have a legitimate case for 50/50, or visitations? How long can I reasonably expect this all to take? Will the court look down upon me for waiting so long? Given the mental abuse? Or does that have no input? What does the reconnecting process look like? I've read in a few places that will be a period of time. Closing pieces: I've fought to get myself in a clear mental space, and my depression/anxieties have been in part caused by my separation from my daughter. I have no ill will and I just want what is best for her.  Thank you for the reply!! I will be listening to my attorney only; as far as advice I would act on. I am only asking the internet to help calm my anxieties/get more perspective on the ranging opinions of legal professionals. I haven't been given contact for the last year; so I am sure that will be the case.   Probably not. Or at least that probably isn't terribly substantive in the custody matter. For the most part that isn't substantive in the custody matter either unless you have evidence calling into question her fitness as a parent. ? I've read in a few places that will be a period of time. If you haven't had substantial contact with the child in a while, there may be some process of reintroducing you to make the process easy on the child.