  The link above is of 3 photos of a contract of a loan between me (employee) and my employer. All names, addresses, and amounts are blacked out for anonymity. I am looking to switch careers because of a recent job offer and I have a few questions for you guys. 1) Is there anything mentioned that would create issues with me leaving this job? i.e. could lender (employer) declare all balances due just because I quit? 2) Section 3 declares that possession and ownership of security shall be IMMEDIATELY transferred to lender should the loan go into default, is that even legal? Couldn’t one late payment technically put me in default? Isn’t there laws requiring a minimum amount of time to pass before declaring ownership of security? For example, as stated in section 7, “if the borrower is in default under this note or another provision of this note, AND SUCH DEFAULT IS NOT CURED WITHIN THE MINIMUM ALLOTTED TIME BY STATE LAW AFTER WRITTEN NOTICE. I have no intentions of not paying lender. I’m simply concerned about lender’s rights to declare all balances due if I decide to leave this job. And what if I’m late one week? Does that put me into default and gives him the right to declare ownership of security?  Thank you for clarifying, I really appreciate you taking the time out of your day to answer my questions.  Yes, if you default the lender can take the security, and yes, it is legal. However, all of this is governed by Chapter 9 of the UCC ([]()). First, a security is not a bonus to the lender - it is a thing that the lender believes is worth enough to ensure that they get their money back. You should know that it is quite common for a lender to be owed a different amount than the security is worth. If the lender is owed more than the security is worth, then you have to pay the difference. If the lender is worth less than the security is worth, they cannot just keep it and tell you to stuff it - that becomes a usurious transaction (see my link above). So your note lets the lender keep the security immediately instead of doing the typical thing and selling it. That does not mean that they get to keep any difference in value. If you owe $100 and your security is worth $50, and you default, then the lender can take the security as full payment of your debt AND they have to pay you $50. To your second question, if you put in your notice and the lender claims a default, then you refuse payment. Politely. You cite your prompt and timely payments and then continue to make them on time. Section 7, dealing with acceleration, only operates if you have defaulted in payment (or sold the security) and does not permit acceleration at will or upon the occurrence of other things involving your job. If the lender tries to come after you legally for the balance or the security, or exercises "self help" in taking the security without going through you, then you get an attorney and sue them, AND under the terms of the note, you get to collect your attorneys' fees from them (see Section 8). Thank you very much for taking the time to respond to my post. I have a question regarding two of your comments if you could answer them for me I’d really appreciate it. Your second point, what does that mean for me? Are you saying if I default the lender has the legal right to declare all balances due or declare ownership of security? And is that legal? If lender does try to declare ownership of security or demand all balances due the moment I put in my two weeks, what leg do I have to stand on? Is there anything short of hiring a lawyer that can assure me continued ownership of my property?  1. No, but don’t be surprised if they demand payment anyway in an attempt to exercise leverage. 2. Yes, there is nothing in the note about a grace period for payment, notice and opportunity to cure, etc. 3. So that you know, the interest rate being charged is illegal (usurious) and there is no usury savings clause, so the lender/employer is liable to you for damages. The maximum permitted rate is 18% per year, and they just had to sneak in an extra half percent. See Section 305.001 of the Finance Code for the potential penalties: Whether you do or don’t challenge them is up to you, but you should know that the issue exists and that you do not have to pay the extra 1/2% interest... and that they cannot force you to do so, or take the security in an attempt to try. 