 So as it turns out I was in a video a friend found. It's a compilations of fail videos into one. I feel offended and violated. I don't know who recorded me and I feel embarrassed too because I don't have much weights and I'm clearly struggling in the video. I'm really skinny and weak. I'm really thinking about bulking to build muscle. What options do I have? This happened in LA Fitness, California. I'm not a member yet. I was seeing how I'd like the atmosphere of the gym overall before I decided on one. I asked the creator of the video to take it down or remove that clip, and I reported it too, but it's been 2 weeks and nothing has been done regarding that video. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Personal Attack or Otherwise In Poor Taste Your comment has been removed because it contains a personal attack or is otherwise a tasteless comment. Please review the following rules and focus on answering legal questions instead of insulting others. [Commenting Rules 5]() and [7]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. learn what to do in the gym you week legged piece of garbage  Which is fine, but ultimately irrelevant. Even if the person who filmed might have a DMCA/copyright argument against the compiler/uploader, OP does not. If it's a compilation the uploader and the person who filmed it are likely entirely unrelated as well. Is the video from lolzgym? I remember these videos from years ago. I don't think he has posted a video in awhile so that may be why you can't contact him if it was indeed them. Hey OP, is the video on YouTube? You could also talk to the vídeo hosting site to take it down  And they will have significantly more pull than you will. They most likely have a legal team that will handle it. If it was filmed in a public space with no reasonable expectation of privacy, then you can't really do anything to take down the video. The main recourse for you is whether filming you violated the gym's contract or rules they have for use of the facility. Bring the issue to the gym's attention and if they broke any rules, the gym may ban them permanently or until the video is removed from the internet.  Do not issue a copyright strike on a video if it does not contain copyrighted material you control or material you know for a fact is not copyrighted.  Unfortunately, since you were in public it is legal to record you and it is legal to post it on the web. I suggest you reach out to LA Fitness and see what they think of someone recording you in their gym though.   Just copyright strike them like everyone else does on YouTube. The first thing I would do is bring this up with LA Fitness. I assure you that a large national chain of fitness centers has ZERO tolerance for this kind of thing. Once they are aware of the issue they will get their own action plan in place. You can probably get him kicked out of the gym, but legally, I doubt you have any grounds to force him to take the video down. If it's a violation of the TOS where it's posted, you can contact the site. It's not illegal to film you doing something in public. It may be a violation of the gym's policies or rules, but there's nothing you can do about the video. Probably nothing you can really do to force them to take it down legally. You can report it to whatever website it is on and see if it violates their TOS in some way. 