 A few months ago I began the process of selling my fathers house as he became sick. My realtor informed me I needed to locate the abstract and using a title company’s records they were able to determine the last known location of it being a law firm here in Iowa. Previous to their examination of it, the bank that mortgaged the house had it placed at the title company where they took meticulous record. It was all very confusing as it was happening but in hindsight this is my account of my trip to the law firm: as I was cleaning out the house I found a letter from this law firm that proves they examined the abstract 8 years before it was lost and so I took the letter to the law firm where the attorney still practiced. The receptionist saw his name on the letter and called down the attorneys assistant. I’ll admit I was a very easy target. A 19 year old kid that was very confused. The assistant didn’t seem to think that helping me was worth her time, but she reluctantly did and went back upstairs to her office while I waited in the waiting room. Maybe 15-20 minutes later she came back downstairs with a receipt from a YEAR before it was lost where they had returned the abstract to the title company. She told me that it was held by the bank and that I should pay them a visit. She gave me the copy of the receipt with writing on the back where she tried to explain how the bank had changed names many times since the mortgage was taken out. And so I left and went to the bank. No luck, obviously. I went home and I called this title company to ask them to check again. When I called the lady said that I was the second person to call in the past couple hours about this property and the other was this lady from the same law firm I went to. This was when I put all of the pieces together that the lady at the law firm had known all along and attempted to send me on a wild goose chase. I was in the middle of some major work on the house so I decided I was going to take the L and pay $650 to recreate the abstract and deal with it later. Well the house has sold and I’m here now wondering what to do. One of my previous professors is a practicing attorney here and we have a good relationship. Wondering if I should procure her services, but first wanted to know what my fellow Redditor’s thought??