 Hi LA-- I really need help with my situation involving my supervisor (WA)-- this has been brewing for the last 1.5 years or so. My situation has grown to the point that this is triggering depression that I previously had under control (I am seeing a mental health counselor). This is causing me anxiety; I regularly cry on the drive in, and my sleep and family life are affected. I have worked in this field for 13 years (this specific position for 3 years) and this is the first time something like this has ever happened to me. My coworkers have agreed that I am being singled out even though my work output is no different from theirs. They acknowledge that I have a target on me, that she's a completely different person to me, that she makes it a point to put me up against a wall (figuratively!). Frankly, I feel like she's scapegoating me for all the frustrations that she has in the group, and will continue to make things up to suit this belief which I then have to defend myself against. I feel like I'm always behind, having to prove or argue my way out of things that wouldn't even come up if our dynamic was based on trust and mutual productivity. I truly don't know why she's keeping me around, since she so clearly thinks I'm garbage. It's hurtful to me, and is really turning me off from the field in general. Question 1: Is my supervisor's behavior towards me considered harassment, and if so, how can I protect myself while I look for a new job? I can handle these things as isolated incidents, but something always happens. I feel like I'm always waiting for the other shoe to drop. Here are some examples of how my supervisor treats me: She will insist via email or in-person meeting that I do a task a particular way, and will disregard my arguments for a different approach. I do it exactly how she asks, and days or weeks later, she gets frustrated at me because that turns out to be not what she wants at that time. She won't listen when I try to bring up the previous discussion in which she insisted on me doing it that particular way. This happens on a regular basis, and will usually lead to my next point... When interacting with me, she oftentimes raises her voice, very clearly rolls her eyes, smirks, makes loud exasperated sighing sounds, and mutters half-sentences implying she thinks that I'm not competent. She will sometimes start throwing me unrelated, rapid-fire questions way out of left-field ("What about when you--" ... "Ok so about \_\_\_, why didn't you \_\_\_?"); oftentimes these questions are based on things she gets mixed up so they don't make sense, but will interrupt me to ask the next rapid-fire question. Other people have pointed out that she has a bad attitude towards me. Several times now, she has pushed so hard to the point that I start crying in front of her. She scheduled an intervention for us with HR last year. We concluded that I would send her a once-weekly email, writing 1-2 sentences on each project that I worked on. Months later, she told me that these short emails were unacceptable and that I should know better, that she has so many things going on that she can't make anything from just the 1-2 sentences. She once pulled me aside and accused me of avoiding her because I ignored the two emails she sent during the 15min I was walking to a meeting site. I didn't see those emails because she previously told me that it's her pet peeve to see her employees on our phones. I am the only one who isn't allowed on my phone or laptop during meetings. At one point during a bout of rapid-fire left-field questioning, she claimed I had been on my phone again; when I asked her for more details, she stated the name of the building... we hadn't been in that building for MONTHS and when I pointed that out, she said "well that's what I have in my head!" I asked her how I can change her perspective of me when I keep having to defend myself based on things she makes up, and she kicked me out of her office, saying she was late for another meeting. Someone accidentally used up some supplies that weren't meant for them (I had physically shown them the correct items but they took the wrong item later on). Months after it was resolved, my supervisor sent out a large group email, writing that she "cc'ed me so that I could appreciate that I contributed to the error". This fairly public email was the first time she had brought that issue up with me. I had to explain/defend myself by replying to everyone because I knew this could affect how others perceived me in my group. She never acknowledged this since. Question 2: People have asked me if there could be a racial bias going on. She is white, and I'm the only non-white person in my position (I'm Asian). There are other "protected classes" in our group, at positions junior to me (the main difference is that they have no project-based responsibilities and are hourly), or classified under academia whereas I'm on the "career" side (so there are undergrads, graduate students, post-doctoral fellows, etc). Does that prove that there is no racial bias going on, or is this something I could potentially pursue? Thank you so much for reading this and for providing any insight or suggestions. ^ This, OP. You already had a meeting with her and HR - time for another meeting with you and HR. Just keep doing the best you can while you also update your resume, send out applications, and go to a lot of "doctors appointments" ( interviews ) .. Find a job that you don't hate going to! Thanks for your input, I will reach out to our advocacy group. Thank you, I appreciate your input.  That would be an issue for you to take up with the company, not a legal issue.  I know she hasn't done anything obviously discriminating so it doesn't fit that definition of harassment, but are there other employee protection policies that could possibly apply? It was good for the first year when we weren't working that closely, and then a project came up in which I had to optimize a protocol and then apply it to specimens to generate data. I kept insisting that it was not ready, but she wanted the data so after numerous emails, in-person meetings, powerpoint files, etc I finally gave in because she directed me to. The data came back with terrible quality and she held me responsible. This was what prompted the HR intervention, claiming I didn't communicate enough. When I asked what I could have done more to communicate my point, they said I had to "be more creative". I asked for suggestions on other means since emails, meetings, and even hearing it from other coworkers didn't work, and neither HR or supervisor had an answer. Things started going downhill from then on. It is legal to discriminate against you because she does not like you. It is not legal to discriminate against you because of your membership in a protected class. I don't see anything here that indicates the latter, though you are, of course, free to file an EEOC complaint No, that's not harassment, and you have no evidence that she is discriminating against you illegally.  Has your relationship with her ever been good or is this the norm? 