 Hello using a throwaway for good reason... I work in an environment that produces hardware used in aviation applications. I have recently uncovered extremely unethical behavior being taken within the organization and need some serious advice guidance in the matter. Long story short certain individuals up the ladder of the organization are involved in signing off components as good when in fact they do not meet outlined specifications. All of this is being done knowingly and secretively so no light it brought to the matter. Another individual in the organization has been made aware through observations of the behavior and has decided to step down from all job functions within the organization where they have exclusive power to sign off paperwork stating that these components meet all outlines specifications. This individual feels that there are possible risks where the end use of the product could result in bodily harm or fatalities due to the fact that this would be deemed as falsification of records. The organization is trying to strongarm this individual to comply with this behavior even though complete disregard for industry standards and integrity of the product. I can see this ending with the employee being fired due just for being honest and maintaining personal integrity. Given the application of the products being aviation this is not a small problem and I feel that this should be addressed but fear personal repercussions to myself. So what measures can be taken to safeguard this individual refusing to sign off on questionable components and what preemptive actions should be taken? Since I have independently uncovered this information through observations I have made recently what should I do to protect myself legally? Report to FAA- this is a safety issue! Definitely an FAA issue, and you're correct, anything having to do with aircraft is deadly serious and needs to be buttoned down from start to finish. The FAA should be very interested in getting to the bottom of your problem. Thank you, this looks like a good starting point. Thank you, this looks like a good starting point. Not an expert in any way or a lawyer. I did find an FAA form titled Suspected Unapproved Part Report 