 This might be too early because all of this just happened today. To start off the story me and my brother are both teenagers and minors. Last night, My mom and stepdad were out for a bit last night as I have a bit of a xanax addiction I gave my brother like 1/4 of a bar as he was having a panic attack and asked me while I was popping one. So like 20 min. go by and my brother who had never done Xanax before is acting really loopy and obvious and I swear I thought 1/4 of a bar would barely effect him but god was I wrong. So anyway my mom and her husband show up and my mom immediately notices something’s off and they start full on interrogating my brother asking if he’s drunk. Anyway they eventually gave it up. The next morning however my stepdad is flipping out about the whole thing last night and is insisting that I’m “whacked out” so they start screaming at my brother and he was calling him bipolar and a lot of immature things to call a 14 year old, so I told him he needed to get the fuck out of his face and that we were leaving, so my mom grabs my keys and says I’m not going anywhere because I’m “wasted” in her words ( the only thing I took that day was sudafed) so my stepdad continues calling my brother names and yelling so I went and reached for my keys to which my mom blocked the door, now this is what she says is assault. Since she was blocking the door to my phone and keys I literally just pushed her to the side to get to the door (no falling no injuries etc.) And she was also trying to grab me and push me away from the door so if there was any “assault it all it was mutual. Anyway I start looking for my keys and then I realized she hid them, and she is telling me she’s having her husband call the cops on me to which I said go ahead because I didn’t do anything you didn’t do. So cops show up, I’m the main suspect, they immediately detain me and search me tell me to shut up, all the basic police stuff and my mom is telling them I’m high so this cop is yelling at me telling me to tell the truth, to which I said I FUCKING WAS, I told them about the sudafed and that was it, I hadn’t even took Xanax as this was right after I woke up. So anyway the cop backs off and starts questioning my brother and my cousin at the house and immediately my cousin says I gave my brother a piece of a pill last night, so they question my brother and he corroborates the story, and while this was going on the other cop was getting my side of the story, so I told him a condensed version of this and they left after confiscating my phone. Now here’s the thing is I guarantee there is incriminating evidence of multiple things on my phone, and I’m sensing the feeling they are gonna try and get me on drug charges and drop the domestic thing since my mom is a liar, however giving my 14 y/o brother the 4th of xan was a huge mistake for obvious reasons, but my concern is they are trying to get me on something else related to what they find on my phone. Also, I’m pretty sure they need consent of the owner of the phone to consent to a search, and my mom did not buy me the phone, my dad did who I live with the majority of the time because I think my mom is bipolar, so I don’t know if she was the one who consented but I don’t think that’s quite legal. I was also never told my phone was taken by the police until after they had left which I feel like I should have been told but I don’t know. Anyway my dad picked me and my brother up because my mom locked us outside, this is Colorado so was about 2 degrees and she didn’t let my brother put his shoes on. So were staying here probably indefinitely, my car is still at my moms and she is threatening to impound it, which I also believe is bullshit because my dad also bought the car and it’s not parked on her property. So basically r/legaladvice, my questions are: Did they have the right to confiscate my phone? Can they charge me if they find anything on the phone? and I mean, based off all this what is my best course of action. Also pretty sure I mentioned this but I live in Colorado.  Lol that’s funny I never knew it was neglect to lock a child out. My mom has punished us this way since we were little kids. Can a step- parent do so though? He is extremely emotionally abusive towards my family, especially my little brother. For instance the whole reason the fight got escalated was because he was calling my brother, and I quote, “a pussy little bitch” and he called him bipolar which if anything he’s the one who has serious problems. He was being really forceful with him this morning and that was what triggered me to say “get the fuck out of my brothers face” and try to get eat my keys This was the night before that I gave him the xan. The cops came the next morning and all I had token was some sudafed because I had bad allergies waking up I don’t see where you state your age. Maybe it’s in there. I suspect you’re getting answers as if you’re a minor, but plenty of legal adults live with their parents. Also it’s very confusing; you gave your bro 1/4 because he asked while you were popping one, yet you also claim to have only taken Sudafed. These two statements don’t seem to be consistent. A parent can physically restrain or discipline you without it being assault, and your resisting that is not self-defense. Well yeah I’m really sweating the drug charges but compared to my mom who was also pushing me and my stepdad who was grabbing my brother and forcing him upstairs even though he wasn’t doing anything, I personally don’t think I committed assault. But I could see a disorderly conduct charge but what do I know, I posted on this sub. This is the wrong sub for you. You're a tard for giving a 14-year-old xannys stupid crack baby. You shouldn't even be doing pills 😂💀 switch to weed you can smoke so much till you feel like dying and you still won't over doese. buddy and don't ever get that kid addicted that's super fucked of you and if he's gets or is addicted is all your fault. No child should be addicted to drugs. Damn stupid kids these days. Im 18 and nigga wtf anyone born after 2003 is legit retarded. I'm not dissing you or your bro just cut out the pills. (Someone has to say it) and you shouldn't get in much trouble i have type of experience of this type of stuff but if the x ans are not prescribed to you rippo pal  Probably yes. You are a minor; your parents can give consent on your behalf to search and seize. Ownership is not there controlling factor for this consent; apparent legal authority or control is. The police can search the phone with a warrant or with consent. It is entirely possible that you can be charged with crimes based on lawfully collected evidence from your phone. You can also be charged with various crimes relating to giving a minor drugs. Overall, you could be looking at serious charges, even based on the one-time drug dealing alone. You don't need" a lawyer until you're formally charged, but you can consult one beforehand, if you wish. You can report your mom to CPS for locking you out. She's still required to care for you. Stop breaking the law. Otherwise you'll hurt any chance you may have of mitigating a potential sentence. It sounds like you did commit domestic violence, plus the obvious drug charges. You need a lawyer. 