 So im an amazon user, and about 2 days ago i tried to order a birthday present for a friend of mine. the card that was attached to the account expired and when i tried to order something it said it went through. So i thought everything was good, until about 20 minutes later i try to buy something else and it has me relogin and i try and my account is locked. It tells me to email them with the expired card info and stuff, but i dont have access to that card nor do i remember the info, all i remembered was the card number. not the CC number or the expiration date. So i ask politely for them to unlock it so i can update the card and billing info to buy this and instead of them doing so they shut my account down with $278 USD worth of balance on there. Now i can no longer access the balance i put on there nor purchase or put it on a gift card to try and get it back. They did this without warning nor my consent, and it pisses me off because i dont believe they have the right to shut down an account nilly willy, and i rarely used it so i dont understand why now i they decide to do it. so now im at a loss. what should i do? i cant request a refund of my balance nor access the account now. Your roommate who you don’t talk to, sounds a lot like you didn’t have continuing permission to use the card, and since you don’t have the info you needed about the card that’s absolutely what Amazon thought happened. Then you probably will get your money refunded eventually. But it will take time. I'd still try the chat option: explain that your roommate used your account with your permission and stored his card details and you accidentally used his expired card to attempt a purchase. I'm not sure it will speed the process up, but it might. They can shut down a account willy nilly. I tried using amazon kindle app once and it had me join amazon prime. I called them to cancel it and the representative said they did but my account was shut down later on as the representative like never did that and I found out later you need to do this yourself. Others have also gotten their accounts revoked because of returning too many items.  Not at all what I said. Your putting words in my mouth. I said it was my roommates. I never said he didn't allow me to use it. You don't have access to your credit card? Did the dog eat it? Amazon can and does freeze or shut down accounts for a variety of policy violations. In some of these cases you forfeit any account balance. They don't need your consent to do this, you've already accepted their 'terms and conditions' when you signed up to use Amazon. They will have, however, sent your an email telling you exactly why. Yes So is the account under your name?  They probably will eventually refund the balance.The bad news is that that refund will go to the account holder not you. So you used a card which you didn’t have authority to use to make a purchase... Can’t imagine why Amazon has an issue with that. They can of course suspend your account for suspicious activity, and this looks like fraud from where they sit. You need to call them back and try to explain what happened, don’t be shocked if your account is locked for a few months before the close it for good and refund you any balance. Well it was not under my name. It was my roomies and we don't talk. What did Amazon customer service say when you called them?  So the question really is: why don't you have access to that card? If it was in fact your card, I'm sure you can contact your credit card issuer and get that information, at which point you get on Amazon chat and explain the situation.