 So, my fiancee and I have been obsessed with building out our own campervan for at least the last year, and we finally decided to pull the trigger last month and buy a 2015 LWB, medium roof Ford Transit cargo Van in great condition with about 30,000 miles on the odometer and a few more years under warranty. The van cost around $22,000, not including taxes. We did a lot of research picking our vehicle, and worked together on the perfect build for our needs, with less than 4 months left now until our honeymoon road trip, but there are certain things I know I'm not qualified to do on my own. Mostly, I didn't want to be in charge of cutting holes in the van for windows and a vent fan, or welding steel to the underside so we can mount a set of seat brackets behind the cab. That seems like the kind of thing you can't just undo if you fuck it up... Sigh. (Un)Fortunately for us, my fiancee's father owns and operates an auto shop. He doesn't personally do body work, but he has an employee who does, and he rents out space to some other workers as well. He told us he could take care of the windows for us ASAP, and the fan and seats down the line. We trusted him... Cut to, jagged metal holes in rough shapes barely acknowledging how the rear windows were designed to be cut, let alone the sharpied outline we made for the side window. The holes weren't filed down, treated, or trimmed the way we thought they would be, but her dad needed us to move the van to make room for some other work he needed to do, and told us he'd clean up the shoddy work soon. Meanwhile, we're finding more problems with the work. Whoever he got to do the job (there's a language barrier, so this is all secondhand through my fiancee, and he hasn't been very forthcoming with her), used rusty screws to mount the side window, damaged the paint near the hole they cut, and didn't seal it properly, so there was about an inch of rainwater collected in the sidewall when I opened the van this morning. I know my father-in-law was well-meaning, and didn't do this himself, but the job is so fucked that I wonder how much an actual professional can even salvage it, and how much more that might cost than if we'd found someone competent to do the job in the first place. As things stand, I'm sure this has tanked our resale value, and it's stalled a lot of the work we were planning to do, while we wait to get things watertight again. Is there any recourse for me that doesn't involve going after my father-in-law. We think that he outsorced to someone who rents garage space from him, but we had no contract with anyone, and we don't know if the people who did the job are even in the states legally, let alone licensed to do this kind of work. I also know that my father-in-law wants to make this right, but I'm hesitant to even let him try. Sorry for the rant. Advice and condolences welcome. "Is there any recourse for me that doesn't involve going after my father-in-law?" I didn't initially have a question mark in there, so maybe you missed it. Once we figure out who actually disfigured our van, is there any way to get compensation from that person, rather than going after my fiancee's dad. I'm trying to figure out if he's fundamentally liable, or if the person he entrusted to do the actual job--who then fucked up so badly--can be held accountable without litigating my father-in-law in advance of the wedding. It's not clear what legal question you are asking. 