 As the title says, my father is threatening my family (mother and 5 siblings). He is currently living in the Philippines to wait for his case to be thrown out. My mother caught him cheating on her and out of anger, my mother pointed a gun at him and my father responded by calling the cops and having her arrested. The problem here was that my mother was the sole breadwinner for the family and supports 5 kids. With my mother in jail, there was nobody to provide for the family. My father bailed her out of jail and fled to the Philippines to avoid having to testify against my mother. If my mother was convicted, she would lose her nursing license and would not be able to provide for the family anymore. Fast forward a couple years and the pending case is almost gone. (The lawyer said that after around 8 years the court would throw the case out and forget about it). At this point none of us want him back, but we've been entertaining him and leading him on to prevent him from returning early. He told us that if we were tricking him that he would go "ballistic". I still live in my mother's house but with a pending assault with a deadly weapon charge hanging over my mother's head, is it a good idea to purchase a gun for home defense or for even just recreational use? Thanks in advance! Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Does Not Contain A Clear Legal Question Or Is Difficult To Understand Your post does not appear to contain a legal question - or if it does, it's unclear what it is. Or your post is difficult to read or understand. Please edit your post to ask a clear and concise legal question or questions. Focusing on proper use of Reddit markup tags, paragraphs, sentences, proper spelling and coherent thoughts. Message the moderators after your edit for review. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/LegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.