 Cross post from /r/ relationshipadvice So, three months ago he and his father went to go lend money for a 20,000 dollar car. To get a low interest rate, they put the car and loan under his father's name, with the understanding that my SO would pay the car off. To protect the new investment, his father asked the insurance for full coverage and gap insurance. A few weeks later while my bf is driving the car it hydroplanes and crashes. The next day the insurance tells him he only has liability insurance. So, something wrong happened during the insurance purchase, and the company gets an investigator to see who messed up during the purchase of the car. Fast forward to today my bf was told that there was an error on their end, but no one is owning up to the mistake so he cant be covered for the crash, and since he was only paying for liability they can't fix the car. For the record I did not support the car purchase since it was beyond his means to purchase, but his father pressured him to get it. His father also promised he would cover his expensive car payments in the event that my bf cant make them, but now that my bf is facing unemployment his father is retracting that promise. The car is totaled, 2 airbags are bust and the whole front end is a mess. He wants to take the insurance company to court but I feel the whole situation is doomed. He doesn't have the money for a lot of legal fees. He has been renting a car, paying insurance, and paying the car loan, and since his contracted work is expiring next month soon he won't have an income if he doesn't apply for unemployment. I'm a student and he told me to be hands off. His father just doesn't want to help out and expects him to make the payments each month. I'm stressed out the ass and dont know what to do, I want to help him but I'm a student and he has explicitly told me not to help. I love him, he has faced so much adversity, and I want to be strong for him. I'm in a state of distress, and I just want some support and suggestions on ways I can help him through this tough time. I'm the kind of person who fights to keep all my ducks in a row and any fault in my plans stresses me the hell out. This situation is putting me on the edge all the time to where I can't focus on classes. TLDR Boyfriend is being screwed over by his insurance company because they won't cover his totaled car even though the insurance admits there was an error on their end, and will be unemployed next month, covering the crash, fees, insurance is difficult for him even now and his father who legally owns the car won't help him. All I'm asking for is emotional advice on how to support him.