 I'm going to try to keep this somewhat vague in the event the person in question is on Reddit, but I'd like to note that I do know this person's full name. A few years ago I became friends with a man online and we were really good friends for a while, close enough to where he has personal details of mine such as address and full name. He lives in New York and I'm in Canada. Some personal things happened and I cut contact. At first everything was quiet. A lengthy time afterwards I started receiving phone calls from the state he mentioned he's from, but disregarded them as telemarketers because enough time had passed that it no longer crossed my mind. Then I began receiving threatening messages on the few online accounts I have, and he has been repeatedly spamming my phone from different numbers which I have kept records of. The messages and emails have intensified the more I abstain from making contact and a few months of this has been going on now. He makes new accounts repeatedly, and the frequency of his threats have increased. There are some things I have already made new accounts for but some are work-related or have money put in, like Steam for instance. I'm not sure how but he's even gained access to an old account I talked to him on so he could scare me more intimately. I have never given him login details to anything, but that account's password wasn't very secure and all of my passwords have since been changed to stronger ones. Because he knows so much about me I am getting more and more afraid and am looking for advice on where to go from here. I don't want this person to involve my family, or much worse show up at my door. So my question is, what options might I have to take action from Canada to the US? I know this behaviour is illegal in the state he is in, but I feel frozen and desperately need advice on where to get started. It's clear that he is dedicated to stalking me and will continue finding new methods to continue praying on me. Thank you to anyone who can provide information or help. Canada has good judicial ties with the US. Your local law enforcement would be a good place to start. You could also speak with Canada's immigration bureau, to see if you can flag his name in any way in hopes of denying him entry or additional scrutiny.  Valve might be able to help you setup a new account. It might be worth contacting Steam support and letting them know what's going on. I would also ask police here about getting an ex parte Emergency Protection Order which police could serve on him by way of electronic communication. This might scare him off and if it doesn't it means you have a good avenue to have him face legal consequence if he comes to Canada.  You can try reporting it through the police in his state or county, and depending on the nature of the contact you may be able to get a restaining order in his jurisdiction. If he does show up at your door, you have a good reason to call 911, and if he's charged with stalking or harassment while in Canada, there's a good chance he'll be deported and be ineligible to enter Canada for a few years as a result. Charges in his home jurisdiction will also complicate the question of entering Canada if they match up with hybrid or indictable offences, or if he is charged with multiple summary offence-equivalents within five years.