 First off, hi! :) I’m a software developer, and I’m currently working on a video game demo. The plan is: if the demo is well received, I will form an LLC and work more on the game. My question is, can I be sued if I release this demo under my own name? Should I form the LLC first, then release the demo? If any of this info helps: I’ve been working solo on the game so far, and haven’t bought any third party stuff for the game (assets, music, etc).  That makes a lot of sense :) If it helps, think of the civil justice system as a highly formal, public dispute resolution service, backed by the state's formal authority (and its monopoly on violence, if your political leanings go that way). If there's no dispute, there's often nothing for the civil courts to adjudicate. This is a really helpful and informative answer! Thank you :D It sounds like you don't have a great handle on what a lawsuit is or why they happen. That's okay! Most people don't - a great many people go their whole lives without interacting with the legal system beyond getting a driver's license, filling out a marriage license, buying a home, and other administrivia. A lawsuit generally seeks one of two things: To recover money or property to offset some civil wrong against a specific person or persons, or To order the defendant to refrain from (or, rarely, to perform) specific acts. The person filing a lawsuit must have "standing," which is a legal term that broadly means that they must have been affected by your wrongful actions or omissions in some way. Someone might sue you if your demo substantially infringes on some right of theirs - copyrights over assets used without permission, trademarks via names or other marks you reuse without permission, and so on. That person would have standing on account of the right they allege you're infringing on. No person has standing to sue you over the ownership of your work in the sense you mean, other than perhaps other collaborators on that work or someone who commissioned its creation. That is a good question! Honestly, no idea. I don’t expect any one to sue me, but I don’t want to get blindsided by a stranger suing me out of nowhere. I don’t know how often this occurs (getting sued, I mean). So to answer your question: I don’t expect anyone in particular to sue me.  Who would you expect to sue you? Thanks bot!