 So I was renting a residence on California's central coast. (2 bedroom house) I am the only person on the lease. My brother and his wife and their 3 children ran into some financial problems and needed a place to stay for a few months until this apartment they expected to get opened up. They were certain they were going to get the place so I being the older brother to the both of them opted in to help them out by subleasing my master bedroom to them for the expected 2 months they needed. The 2 months came and went and they unfortunately didnt get the place. They needed to stay longer than I expected. It took a tole on our relationship as I am a single male who is relatively a clean and neat freak. My home began to go in a downward spiral as brother and his family could not meet my request on maintaining the level of cleanliness I am acustomed to. Its fair to note that everything in the home I paid for: furniture, tvs, appliances, dishes, cookware, recreational/workout equipment. Some of my things have been destroyed and broken without repair on their half. Having made several attempts to address my damaged property and the poor cleanliness levels of my home I was told by my brother that I was making a big deal out of nothing and that I needed to stop "trippin" through multiple exchanges of poor communication things got tense and hostile. I told them that it was time for them to get out and they needed to move. I was told by my brother that if I wanted them out I would have to evict them. They ensured me that if I attempted to do that, they would go to my property management and get me thrown out for illegally subleasing to them without my property managments consent. Things get extremely hostile and tensions are through the roof at the point. I didnt know what to and so I just accepted the messy situation. Figured I could get through it somehow until they found another place which was suppose to be april 2019 according to the information they gave me. Well during the course of our time staying in the house and not speaking they managed to break my refrigerator and break the newly installed bathtub. They didnt tell me anything and left me to discover it on my own. They purchased a new refrigerator and put it next to my broken one in the kitchen and transferred their food into that one. This really got my blood boiling but I bit my tongue and held it in. Fast forward to about a week ago. There was some pie in the oven to which I helped myself to a slice. My brothers wife came out yelling at me for having a slice of pie without asking and thats when I snapped. I was shouting and very upset at her for being so petty about helping myself to a slice of pie. I had been so generous to them and had overlooked and withheld my own frustrations regarding their disregard for my things. (Broken fridge, broken Microwave, broken bathrub, damaged furniture, and flooring) my brother heard me arguing with his wife and he ran into the kitchen, and threw me down on the ground. We got into a scuffle and thats when his wife went to call the cops for help. The cop ran our names and discovered I had a bench warrant for a failure to appear so I was arrested. I was in jail for 4days to remedy my failure to appear on a traffic related matter. Upon my release, I was informed that my brothers wife had filed a restraining order against me prohibiting me from returning back to my residence. I have been ordered to move out immediately and stay away from my brother and his family members. I need help on deciding what to do now. I have yet to retrieve any of my belongings and have been stuck with nothing but the clothes on my back and my phone and keys. All the utilities are in my name and the the residence is leased to me. All my belongings are in the home. Wallet and IDENTIFICATION. Court hearing on the restraining order is march 5th. I work a fulltime job and have not been fired yet. But have been asked to not return to work until management will be present. I had just been promoted and it appears this situation in my personal life may greatly affect that now. Im stressed to my wits end and appreciate any wise counsel anyone can offer up. Thank you in advance and so sorry for the long post/spelling. Tuesday file to evict your brother and his family. Most definitely. Appreciate those words of encouragement. I cant help but feel sad for my brother and his family. All I can do is wish them well but at the same time, I wont just roll over and not protect myself. You earned what you had and you will get it back ...rid these people of your life and move on to bigger and better things. They took a short cut like it seems they have done before and will end up in another situation somewhere else with someone else in the future.  You know its tough man, right now my brother and his family are in my house comfortable. I went from being homeless to working my ass off to get my very first pad. And it was better than I expected. And to have someone you love and work so hard to be a positive example for, a brother come in and destroy it all has been a very tough learning lesson for me to have to swallow. It is what it is though. You live and you learn. Oh hell yeah. Get a lawyer asap. Get that order squashed and then go balls to the wall against them. I have no input but I hope it all works out for you. That's a really tough situation and I hope you stay strong and everything gets better. Hang in there bro.  I have documented as much as I can up to this point. Taken pictures of multiple wounds across my face and body. All text messages are recorded. Death wishes and hate speech against me has been recorded. When the police escort you to get your things, record the house with your cell phone. You want to document the condition of your home. When you hire a lawyer, make sure that you tell them about this whole situation apartment situation and how you were attacked. If you are able to get the restraining order removed, ask to make one against your brother for attacking you. Any text messages, emails, etc that he wrote to you about this situation can be used against him. Well your options are limited. Call the bank and get a new card. A civil standby sounds like somewhat of what is needed. Thanks! Thats all I want is to recover my things from the home. I currently dont know if any of my things have been damaged further. If they have violated my privacy and gone through my things I just feel so helpless through all of this. My pastor and I have tried to communicate with the PR Police Department and have yet to be granted a police escort. This is the angle we are currently persuing, its just finding that officer that is willing to conduct the escort. So far, we have only been turned down. I understand that. You may be able to ask the police to provide you with a civil standby so you can gather your belongings, but be sure to explain the protection order to the police, and make sure that you won't be violating it in the process.  I don't think it would be unreasonable to call a friend and the police, and see if the police can escort your friend to get your IDs/cards without you present. Im going to be contacting lawyers tuesday as monday is a holiday. Again my wallet and identification is in the house. I dont have access to finances or anything. Nothing but the clothes on my back, my phone, and my keys. That is all. I wont be able to gain access until potentially march 5th and thats if the restraining order isnt extended based on the information printed on the paperwork. Yes, I'd recommend a lawyer. Since you're the one on the lease, continue paying rent and utilities as normal.  Do you recommend I hire a lawyer? I am curious about rent and utilities. My nearest relatives are 1.5hrs away and that is where I am staying for now. I will definitely be attending my court hearing regarding this matter. You need to go to the restraining order hearing and explain your side of things. A lawyer would definitely help with that.