 I apologize if the question doesn't make total sense in the title, it is because I'm unsure on how to proceed here. I recently discovered, through my credit union, that I still owe some debts due to medical needs arising from an auto accident. In the immediate aftermath of the accident I was not coherent or able enough (reconstruction surgery on my foot and more Oxycodone than I'd like to remember) to handle my own finances so I relied heavily on the paperwork and mail I received, mid recovery. I have it noted that both of these debts had been paid, but I can't seem to find any evidence of that. Both accounts have been handed over to debt collectors, yet in 5 years I've not received a single phone call or letter about either one. What am I able to do in regards to resolving these accounts? Like can I call up the hospitals, explain I didn't even know I still had this debt, and then offer to pay the original amounts? Or am I pretty much stuck here paying the full amounts and the interest that's accumulated? Defaulted debt is removed after 7.5 years from your credit report. Not being required by law to pay them is different than them being resolved though, right? I can't tell if I'm understanding correctly or not. So I could choose to not repay them (?), but they would then remain on my credit report as unpaid forever? 5 years and 1 month, yeah. It has indeed been put onto my credit report (how I found out) as well as being handled by debt agencies. So I can choose to not repay these, but will they remain then permanently on my credit report? Whereas if I pay them they will be removed and my score will go up? The statute of limitations on contract debt in California is four years.  The debts are five years old? Because SOL for unsecured debt in CA is 4.  Added location, sorry! Thank you for your response (:  Without a location we can't speak to the statute of limitations. But unless litigation over these debts is barred, you are probably limited to whatever you may work out with the creditors or their agent. 's accumulated? You are if the debt remains valid and the creditors are unwilling to compromise. It is perhaps unlikely that you can't work something out with them.  Added, sorry! I was so nervous in doing a first time post and of course I missed the first rule! State is not optional