 I am currently renting, and am looking to buy my own house and move out before my lease officially ends. I thought that a clause in my lease would allow me to give 60-days notice to terminate the agreement early, but my landlord is saying this is not the case, and says I cannot terminate the lease. Here are the first few lines of the lease agreement: "TERMS: The term of this agreement is for 12 moths, beginning on the 1st day of September, 2018 through August 31, 2019. Either Party may terminate the tenancy by giving written notice to the other at lease 60 days prior to the intended termination date. Such a notice may be given on any date." The way I read this, I can deliver a written notice to my landlord, and after 60 days, the agreement is terminated. Am I reading this incorrectly? Or is there some Minnesota law which comes into play here? Ah, fair enough. Sometimes notice must be given on specific days, like the 1st of the month or when rent is due. I guess my interpretation of 'intended termination date' was jumping to 'the date that I write on my notice' instead of the real lease-end date. Ack. What, then, does "Such a notice may be given on any date" mean? And what's the purpose of calling the landlord on July 2nd just to say "Hey I'm still planning on moving out on August 31st?" Genuinely curious, because I'm not a lawyer and I would have read that clause the same way as the OP did: that the lease is valid from Sept 1 2018 through Aug 31 2019, but that at any date during that period either the tenant or the landlord could prematurely end the lease by giving 60 days notice. In that reading, the "prior to the intended termination date" would refer to the early termination date, not the already-agreed-to August 31st.  60 day notice is required when you leave. That does not change the term of the lease. You agreed to the entire contract, including the term. What, then, does "Such a notice may be given on any date" mean?  What about "such a notice can be given on any date?" You're overlooking the whole "prior to the intended termination date," line. 