 I've been in the midst of a divorce for the past 8 months in Florida. My STBX makes really good money and is abusive. I was a stay at home mom who worked part time only, but had to leave when things got scary. He kept most of my things, all the furniture, changed the bank account so I had no access to money. Now he's been paying me SOME child support, but not even close to what he should be paying according to my lawyer after filling out the financial affidavit. Right now he has the kids one night a week and every other weekend. There are no orders, it's just what I worked out. He's abusive and 2 of my kids refuse to stay with him over night. He is always telling them that I'm a horrible person, or that he's taking me to court, or that the courts told him that they aren't allowed to bring any of their things to my house. I tried getting another job, but I had to use day care and babysitters for my kids, and I ended up paying more than I made. He refused to help with that. I applied for government assistance, but was only approved for a very small amount of food stamps and Medicaid. My parents are paying my rent, but they are almost out of money. I have horrible credit now because he had stopped paying my hospital bills (from the birth of our baby) and my student loans long ago author telling me so I can't get a loan or credit cards. I'm working towards furthering my education so I can afford my rent myself, but that won't happen as quickly as I need it to. I have a lawyer who I can't really afford, but I've taken help from friends. Even so, I have yet to have gotten any enforcement of child support. Last I heard, they have a meeting scheduled in a few weeks and after that they'll schedule something to discuss temporary support a couple months later. If I don't get something ASAP, I will literally have no way of getting rent money and will be homeless. I have friends and family who have offered me a place to stay, but they are all out of state and like I said I have minor children and no set time sharing schedule yet. What do I do if I'm still not getting child support and no one can afford to help me any more? If they were acquired when you were married, it might be an issue. If not, generally speaking, they are considered separate property. But it's not always black and white. [This]() is a article that does a good job of explaining it Ah, got it. Thanks! I've heard his six figure student loan debt is also half mine, though...  You need to review the situation with your attorney. We didn't really have many assets. He took my wedding ring and all the furniture, but there were no savings accounts or retirement funds or anything.  You need to discuss your financial circumstances with your attorney. It is sometimes possible to see some kind of temporary orders put in place preserving your access to the marital assets. Your attorney may be able to help you with this.