 Throwaway because I've mentioned my group on my main account several times before. I'm in an acoustic duo with a dear friend in an affluent area of the state. We normally play easy listening music at upscale events like rehearsal dinners, garden parties, anniversaries, etc. An event planning agency approached us about playing at a cocktail party that preceded an auction, and we quickly agreed. After discussing terms and sending a contract, they mentioned that they were on a budget (despite spending tens of thousands on catering and booze alone) and might not be able to afford our not-unreasonable price. Far less than a grand, let's say. I mentioned that we could work with them a little if needed - because my partner agreed it would be an exceptional opportunity to get our name out with our exact target demographic - but assured them that our price was very in-line with the quality of show we provide. The agency said half our fee was all they could guarantee, but that they would try to solicit their client for a larger budget. This conversation occurred about two months before the event. In the interim, I emailed and even sent text messages to our contact at the event planning service multiple times inquiring after their progress so at the very least we could get a written agreement in place. If my message was returned, which was 1/3 of the time, the person assured me that things were going "fine" and that they were looking forward to having us, then went totally silent for a month straight, despite a steady stream of communications from me. Ten days before the show, I call the planner's office to insist they patch me through. I heard similar assurances though no hard number on the price, we talked about the timeline for the evening, and I brought up the contract again. They said that they didn't think they could get with their client to sign the contract in time (whatever that means) and to just bring it to the auction. My largest mistake was agreeing to that plan, but we wanted this exposure gig pretty badly. So the day arrives. We're dressed in suits and ties and are unloading gear from our truck when I decide to let them know that we have arrived. The agency contact answers the phone and scolds themselves for not getting with us earlier in the day. Apparently they "decided that morning to just DJ their own music [since we were so expensive] and forgot to call." At that point I hang up tersely and while my partner (sorry to leave you hanging, buddy) continues unloading I track down the actual agency's client to get down to the bottom of this. Well wouldn't you know it, who is standing with the client but the representative I just got off the phone with. The agent looks at me and assures me they have a plan - we can stay and play, but all they could approve "on short notice" was the original amount they countered: half our normal rate. We discuss it and agree that since we are already there, we might as well take it and agree verbally to play the show, which we have almost no remaining time to set up for. It goes fine, not quite the networking gig that we expected but that's not their fault. After the show, I cannot find either contact and security is only letting in card-carrying auction society members by the time we have packed up. That was in October. I have corresponded with the agency every few weeks since the show, and in early January I finally got a response. Our billing information had been passed on to their client, who would pay us within the week. I have not been paid since, and have solicited the contact information of their client to no avail. I guess it would be easy to say, "Well, we screwed that one up, lesson learned," but surely there is some opportunity for recourse even without a signed agreement in place. Bubba Gump didn't hire us under the table to play Lynyrd Skynyrd at his coon fry; these are two large, wealthy regional organizations. I have ample electronic communications to back up almost everything I've asserted here, though I know at the end of the day they never ultimately promised anything. Sorry for the long post, I wanted to organize all my thoughts here so I have something to print out and hand to the judge haha. Tl;dr: Played a show without a deposit, still haven't been paid and the client has gone silent. What do you all think? This is very helpful and I appreciate your response. You can file a small claims suit against the agency who offered to pay you half your normal rate that you agreed to. If you feel like you have exhausted all your efforts with them directly, you could also have a lawyer draft a letter in a final attempt for payment before you sue. This is not on their client and you should not be communicating with them nor expecting a response. The client did not hire you, the agency did.