 Let me start by saying I'm new to Reddit so please be nice. This is cross posted in Landlord but comments there said we should consult a lawyer. Made a bunch of phone calls this afternoon, but it's Friday before a holiday so didn't get much traction. We had tenants move out of our multi family without notice in mid December. We began working on remodeling after about two weeks when it was clear they had abandoned the apartment. Unbeknownst to us, they apparently had the gas shut off. We had no idea it was off. We had the thermostat set to 62 and were in there working on and off for a couple of weeks. We had space heaters set up to help the paint dry etc. In early January (one of those ridiculously cold weeks) one of our other tenants called us and said the basement was flooding. Rush over to find that a pipe had burst in the empty apartment. Immediately call the insurance company and get the ball rolling. Adjuster came out and said it was easily $20,000+ worth of damage. Basement walls and ceilings destroyed, floors in the unit ruined and so on. Have a company come out for clean up (billed to the insurance company for nearly $8,000). Plumber comes out to fix the pipe and finds there’s no gas coming to house. Call the provider to find that they had come and shut off the gas at the previous tenants request weeks earlier. Had them come out the same day to get it turned on and up and running. It never even occurred to me that this was something they could do. I didn’t think gas service could be shut off between November 15 - March 15. (Winter monatorium actually runs from 11/15 - 4/15 after last year being so cold) Now the insurance company wants proof there was no interruption in service when the pipe burst. We haven't responded to the claims adjuster so we're not sure how to proceed at this point. What happens now? Are we screwed? Is the tenant liable? Gas provider? At a total loss and looking at thousands in repair bills.   Have you made arrangements with the local utility to treat this as a rental property rather than an owner-occupied property? Most utilities do handle rentals differently when they know. Then it is at least possible that the situation changes only the coverage in the policy under which you will be paid out, rather than resulting in the claim not being paid.  I guess I'm just surprised that any tenant can call and have service shut off without the home owner being notified. This could have easily been way more damage if other tenants hadn't seen the water when they did. If the provider gives us something stating they do not alert home owners when this happens, would that help us out at all? We're going to have to talk to the adjuster next week, wanted to get some advice/direction before we put our foot in our mouth. Yes, it is a rental policy.  Did your lease stipulate that the tenant had to maintain utility service throughout the terms of the lease? Given that it was without notice, that they did not inform you that the utilities were off, and that they made no attempt to prevent a very foreseeable problem, I would say you've got a pretty good basis for pursuing them. However, the amount of money you're looking at here is well past the state's small claims limit of $2,500. The advice to get a lawyer is spot on, and you did exactly the right thing by starting with your insurance. You'll need to be honest with your insurer that you have discovered that your tenants terminated service weeks ago. That may affect your claim, depending on the terms of your policy, but if your policy covers tenants then the fact that it was beyond your control and that you were not notified may help. What's likely from here depends on your insurance coverage. If most of the damage is covered, your insurance will pay for the repairs. You can sue the tenant for the deductible, and your insurance may choose to subrogate and sue them for the full cost of the damage. Work that out with your agent. If the damage is _not_ covered, then you're on your own and should hire an attorney.  At some point you're likely going to have to discuss the true circumstances of the problem with your adjuster and sort out what that means under your policy. Do you have a policy that covers you for using the property as a rental?