 So my college school has these forms that have to be filled out in order to use the gym and have to be filled out every quarter to use the gym and especially in its gym class. I found these two lines while actually reading through it for once and something about it just seems shady. Here they are: 6. Assumption of Risk: I am fully aware of and appreciate the risks associated with participation in this activity, including the risk of catastrophic injury, paralysis and even death, as well as other types of injuries, loss or damages to my person or property. I knowingly and freely assume all such risks, both known and unknown, even if arising from the negligence of (Schools Name), its employees, volunteers, trustees, directors, officers, agents, or assigns. 7. Indemnification and Release of Liability: I, for myself and on behalf of my heirs, next-of-kin, spouse, agents, assigns, and personal representatives, agree to indemnify, defend, release and hold harmless CBC, its employees, volunteers, trustees, directors, officers, agents, or assigns against all claims, causes of action, or liability for any injury, loss of property, loss of life, or any other loss, expenses, costs, including attorney’s fees, or damage arising out of my participation in \[ACTIVITY NAME\], use of (School Name) equipment or facilities, or care rendered by (School Name) for my welfare, even if arising out of negligence. So, basically if I get hurt or killed then no one related to me can sue. Okay that seems standard in a way but one part concerns me a little which I will bring up below. But it looks like it says that if I get hurt or die due to the schools negligence (whether it be individual worker or otherwise) that no one can sue them. That seems weird to me. I'm curious if that's normal and/or legal? My family member that I asked about this said it didn't matter and that me signing this agreement can't take away their personal right to see. That I can't sign away their rights. Is this true. I'm over 18 if this matters, How much of this is standard and legal? How? Can my family really not sue if something did happen? These clauses are normal for school gyms, private gyms, the YMCA, rock climbing gyms, renting bicycles, ski resorts, races, and pretty much everything where you’re paying to do some physical activity. My understanding is that if you get injured due to their negligence (e.g., broken equipment falls on your head), that these don’t stand up in court, but that if you get injured due to your own negligence (e.g., you fail to stretch before lifting, and pull a muscle), that these do protect the gym in that instance. 