 I live in a house and have 2 tenants that are/were in a relationship. Rent is due on the first of the month, I am fairly laid back overall so do not charge late fees, however A has been at least 24 hours late with her rent for 3 of the past 6 months, so on 2/1 I reminded her multiple times I needed it by midnight. This plays into the dilemma, as the 2 have been fighting nonstop for the last 2 months and were in a fight when I reminded A via text for the last time at 10pm. She screamed from a floor below telling me to shut up and leave her alone. She apologized the next morning, paid the rent, but yesterday the 2 broke up and she again screamed at me that it was my fault due to the “rent issue”. She also threatened to call the police on me during the past few weeks’ craziness. I had sprinted upstairs because I heard her yelling at my cat and the sound of him in pain, I saw her forcibly throw him out of her room into the opposite wall, I and told her not to touch him again. That was all I did. She said she felt threatened by my fast arrival and ran downstairs screaming/sobbing saying she was calling 911. She didn’t. Now I can understand heightened emotions but her behavior has been out of line and I want her out as soon as legally possible. T told me that she said (while angry) that if I tried to evict her she would hire a lawyer to make it impossible. I know that is just angry bluster, but I want to cover all my bases so I can get her out of my home, stat. I’ve done some research but want to know if there’s anything I missed. Both of them were on a 6 month lease that ended 2/1, they were supposed to have moved out and into a new home but due to their issues they didn’t. So they are month to month now but no new lease has been drawn up or signed. By my estimation, I can serve her with eviction papers and give her 30 days to vacate the premises without violating any tenants’ rights. Is her unacceptable behavior towards me as well as her paying her rent fairly consistently justifiable reasons to evict? And is 30 days enough time to provide, legally speaking? I apologize if this post is confusing or not well written, it’s been very disconcerting to feel so uncomfortable in my own own home and I’ve been extremely stressed out. Thank you for any advice you can give, I very much appreciate it.  Roger that, will do. Thank you.  Send their notice to vacate via certified mail so you have an official record. It will cover you in the end. Thank god. But specifically hah, thank you so much for the information and advice. I’ll be getting the notices together tonight.  No, unless your lease says it auto-renews to a set length at the end of the rental period, then it defaults to month-to-month. You should not have them sign anything additional regarding a lease. If you want them out, give them 30 days notice and go from there. Okay thank you, just started writing down everything that’s happened. Thankfully have screenshots of texts from the during and post-drama so I have good time stamps.  Okay, got it. Thank you. But since they haven’t signed a new month to month lease after the 6 month one expired, does that screw things up? Should I have them sign a new one that specifies month to month? If they're month-to-month tenants, the only reason you need to give is, "I don't want you living here anymore." You can give a 30 day notice to vacate. If they don't leave in that time frame, THEN you would file for an eviction.