 Like the title says, my boyfriends Dad has homeless people staying at his house, in the garage. We don’t know for sure, but in all likelihood, my boyfriends older brother (40M), who still lives at the home with his girlfriend (20F) is inviting these people to the house, or at least allowing them to be there. My boyfriends Dad is reluctant to call the police because he doesn’t want the older brother to go the jail for drugs or other things he may have in the house. What can we do to protect my boyfriend’s Dad and keep these people out of the house? My boyfriend has 3 other brothers that want to help, but I keep telling them that they need to do it legally. How can we help without beating the shit of these people? TL;DR: How can we help keep homeless people out of my boyfriends dads house? Ok I totally get that, but this a new occurrence and we’re all trying to get a handle on it as soon as possible.  An overzealous prosecutor using a dominion and control theory. And a lot of states have criminal laws that prohibit owning or frequenting a house where drugs are kept/used. I agree that older brother needs to stop, but he has been a problem for a very long time and Dad doesn’t have the heart to kick him out. Thanks for the input about the 30 days, these people are basically coming over as they please and we even had to kick one out today when we were visiting, so hopefully we’ll be able to call the police next time and word will get around that the cops frequent the house, preventing it from becoming a “safe house”, which is what we fear. Oh wow. His dad could be charged with the drugs in the house even thought they are very obviously not his and the older brother lives there full time? Nothing is going to help unless Older Brother stops doing this. It has to be made clear to him that if he wants to continue to live there, he cannot invite anyone else to spend the night, ever. As for removing the people currently there, it depends how long they have been there. If they have been there less than 30 days, they can be asked to leave, and if they refuse, the police called to report that they are trespassing and refuse to leave. If they have been there longer than 30 days, it gets much more complicated. They have to be served 30 days' notice and then a formal eviction process has to be initiated. This will probably require a lawyer. Tell your Dad he has to act quickly, if he allows them to live there long enough they will become tenants and he will have to evict them. This is how it works in most states. And there are ways he could be held criminally responsible for the drugs in the house in most states. And beating them up would get you criminal charges.