 My girlfriend works at a wealth management firm and is currently searching for a new job. She found a potential employer who showed interest and wanted to give her an offer. They asked her what her current base salary was at her current firm and later had the audacity to ask for her W-2 and other details of compensation. She provided them her current base salary without realizing it was illegal for them to ask for that information, but hesitated giving them the W-2 (We both read that email and said WTF?) Now, they gave her an offer letter but the offer seems like a lowball. She currently makes around 57k but the offer they gave her was around 52K + "10% annual bonus based on performance". Both her and I highly suspect that they made this offer based on the amount she currently gets paid and was prompted to disclose. I am wondering how she should proceed. Should she negotiate a better offer? Should she pursue legal action? For reference, california labor law states that: (a) An employer shall not rely on the salary history information of an applicant for employment as a factor in determining whether to offer employment to an applicant or what salary to offer an applicant. (b) An employer shall not, orally or in writing, personally or through an agent, seek salary history information, including compensation and benefits, about an applicant for employment. (c) An employer, upon reasonable request, shall provide the pay scale for a position to an applicant applying for employment. For purposes of this section, “pay scale” means a salary or hourly wage range. For purposes of this section “reasonable request” means a request made after an applicant has completed an initial interview with the employer. =LAB sectionNum=432.3. =1197.5. lawCode=LAB If an employer asks about an applicant's salary history in violation of California employment law, the applicant may be able to file a complaint or file a lawsuit against the employer. An applicant filing a lawsuit against an employer based on requesting a salary history may be able to seek money damages or equitable relief. Employees or applicants who have can also seek to recover the costs associated with bringing the lawsuit, and have the employer reimburse their expenses for attorney's fees and court costs.