 So the story is, I was on an app called Grailed 2 years ago, its an app where you buy and sell clothing. I was trying to buy a pair of Yeezys for what I believe was either $450 or $400. Grailed has a system where if you buy through the app the intended way, you can get your money back if you have any problems with your purchase using Paypal. The seller convinced my young stupid self to pay for the shoes using the “Friends and Family” option instead of the business option, which made Grailed unable to assist the situation, since the purchase violated their policy. He claimed he was going to send me the shoes, but made up some bullshit story saying he got in a car crash on the way to the post office. Ever since then, he never responded. I’m wondering if I can get my money back now, even though it has been over a year since the situation, and how I would go about trying to get my money back. I have the sellers phone number, he (at the time of the incident) lives in Chicago, and I live in New York. Any advice would help. Thank you!  Sounds good man, thanks for the help.  whatever your filing fees are.....im not an attorney  Thanks man, I’m very new to dealing with legal issues, will this process cost me anything?  you might not win if he contests it or shows up, but usually you can not send an attorney to small claims court so if you could survive his dismissal attempts and just tell the court that b/c you sent the money when you were living in whatever area your in you should be allowed to sue him there. I sued a lady who had moved to another state, in small claims court and then forced her to settle with me rather than have her try to dismiss my small claims.  Other people have told me that I can’t because he lives in Chicago, how would this work considering the long distance between us?  depends, is he a professional con artist....would he even care if he was sued? You could always try to sue him in small claims if you know his name/address.  I am now obviously careful with how I spend $400, but my younger self obviously was not  Damn that’s twisted  Damn that’s definitely going to cost me more than $400 that’s not worth it  Yes You'd probably have to hire a PI to figure out who he is. I have his phone number, and using it I’ve been able to track down what street he lives on using those tracking websites. Does that help?  Then you're likely done unless you know who it is and want to sue them. I can’t contact my own local court to settle this? It has to be in his area? I’ve asked the app, they can’t do anything sadly  You would need to track down the person and sue them in small claims where they live. You can ask the app, sure. But the answer is probably not since you chose not to use the protected way to pay via paypal.