 Hi reddit, it would be great if you could give us advice as we’re in quite the situation. My family lives in France, and we traveled by plane to Romania the 28th December, and were scheduled to return today, by plane However, we realized right now that my sister had lost her ID during our stay. In Romania, in order to enter or exit the country, we need to provide ID. Hence, she is (that we know of) currently unable to leave Romania. Our first guess is that my father (whose official nationality is half Romanian-French, if that matters) will stay with my sister in order to go to the embassy and (somehow, I don’t know how it works) create another ID. But this is quite the long process, and would easily require them to stay another week, buy another plane ticket,etc. Do any of you guys know any (legal) method for her to come back to France earlier? She doesn’t necessarily need to recover an ID right away, but we’d like her to be back quickly because she’s a medecine student and needs to study. Thanks for your attention! Could be. I didn't know Romania was not part of Schengen yet. From what I understand, if your sister had not found her ID, she would have had to ask the embassy/consulate for emergency travel documents. Glad your sister found her ID! My father told me in that in Romania there are border controls even on the highway, even though it’s in the EU. Although it’s all good now, my sister’s ID card was just found at our previous hotel What about renting and returning home by car instead of plane? Take it with you to the Embassy.  Oh we do have that, can it be of any use? Shift happens. Pro Tip: always keep a scan of your passport and ID card somewhere protected but accessible.  Alright thanks. That’s pretty unfortunate, but I hope my sister will learn a lesson from this :/ If you lose your travel documents, going to your Embassy for replacement documentation is the only option ever. In any country. The comment about Romanian corruption was totally gratuitous and unnecessary. If you haven’t checked at the French Embassy yet, you may be surprised how fast they can address what is for them a very routine consular matter. Unfortunately, due to my experience with Romanian customs enforcement, it's actually not possible for you to circumvent border enforcement procedure via legal means. Romania is a country that is greased by two things, one is money and the other is influence. This is changing, which is awesome, but it still means going to the embassy in France is the best bet here. I'm sorry things didn't work out now, but you could try and explain to the air carrier that your sister lost and you'd like to reschedule. I'm sorry for the inconvenience.  Yes she is a French citizen. Your sister is a French citizen? That embassy should be able to provide her with adequate ID to travel, but yes, it's unlikely to be immediate.