 Hello LA! So basic details of the situation is that while my brother (still in elementary school) was on the way home from the bus stop today some punk (who he estimates is a 7th grader) began following him on his bike and making nasty comments. After ignoring him didn’t work, he told him to stop which cause the kid to run him down and stuff my brothers face into the ice covered grass. He eventually got free, scraped his knee badly on the escape, and ran the rest of the way home. This is the second time he’s encountered trouble from those kids (who live around the neighborhood). While I would love to lurk out of sight until it inevitably happens again and come out and teach him a lesson in dealing with violence from someone much bigger and stronger than him, I obviously need to behave like a responsible adult. So my basic question is, how do I deal with this? I’m not sure how I’d go about tracking down his parents to deal with the issue (my brother says he recognizes only one of the kids and it’s not the one who attacked him). Also took a picture of the scrapes and bruises. Any suggestions? I’m approaching the guardian of the kid whose name my bro does know. I know the kid will have enough self preservation to play dumb, but I’m hoping the parent won’t be defensive and maybe persuade their kid to come out with it. Will just have to hope for the best. I’ve gotten some solid suggestions on here though, and I really want to express my thanks and gratitude to everyone who replied. That’s going to be tough when you don’t know who the child is. Could you ask around the neighborhood? I only know he lives in the vicinity of my neighborhood and he’s in middle school (so definitely a different school) because of the kids my brother has seen him hang around with, they’re all middle schoolers. It happened right as my brother was going around the bend that leads him to my street, 45 secs to a min tops. The child doing the bullying goes to a different school? Do you know the parents? I would call the school he attends. Did this incident occur right when your brother got off the bus? Does the other child walk? Great! You’ve eased some of my worries I’ll type something up and have him take it to school. Is this still applicable if the kid goes to a different school or will I maybe have to take it up with the school district? Technically, your brother is still the school’s responsibility until he walks through his door, and is home safe. This should still be a school problem. Schools in general are supposed to impose a zero tolerance no bullying policy. But parents and other family members must constantly follow up with the school to ensure penalties are being imposed against the children doing the bullying. Documenting each incident, date time, children involved, who you spoke with at the school, end result, etc. is what’s needed. Keep them honest. Make them accountable. I hope this helps. I interacted with another parent that was dealing with this. Have your brother write a formal statement and turn it into the school. If your brother can identify the kid by name, list it. If not a description. He should also talk with school councilors or VP and you can get advice from them, if that fails to achieve results, contact the police. In the case with the parent I talked to, the bully was named and expelled from school after a quick investigation. Good luck. I think you should tell your parents or his teacher. NAL, but couldn't your brother and the police take a tour through a nearby school and see if he recognises the person? You should still report it, though. If he ever gets caught, the situation won't be downplayed. Will they really come and deal with something like this? And I’m afraid by the time my brother would call the cops, the kid would be long gone. Appreciate the response tho, I’m considering filing a report although my brother can’t give his name or a detailed description (at least not one that’s not generic and apply to hundreds of kids) Call the police and report the assault.