 My sister is the one who doesn't listen. She hasn't gotten in any trouble with the law though. Here are the list of things she's done/does: - smokes weed - doesn't ask our dad first for doing anything - drove around with her ex boyfriend when he had no license, they aren't even in each other's lives anymore but I think my dad is still mad over it - her current boyfriend drifts in his car, and she encourages it. He drove into a ditch 3 months ago as a result. That's it, that's honestly it. My dad has always been uptight and wants us to ask for everything. He thinks that us going out with our boyfriend's who are 18 and driving around town, doing absolutely nothing illegal, is something to worry about. He told me that if something happens to her, it won't be his fault, if she ends up getting emancipated. That's his only comcern. She is having sex, but hasn't had any problems. She was on birth control before, but stopped taking it. On the other hand, I'm more laid back, but I still want the freedom to go out. I'd never do anything dangerous. I don't do drugs, don't even smoke weed. All I want is freedom and for my dad to trust me, but he doesn't because of my sister. I don't have good social skills either because of how I've rarely been around anybody growing up. I want to go experience things before we turn 18 in September. My sister has a job, but we don't have our licenses yet. I'm afraid this is a problem. Her boyfriend is really caring however and I know he won't have a problem driving us and we can renew our permits, and drive around with him and his sister who is 20. I have no idea what to do. TL;DR Our dad said we could still live in the house, but wants my sister to get emancipated so he doesn't have the responsibility of her if she does anything stupid and fucks up. I'm conflicted and want to do the same, but don't know if I should.  Don't worry about this, your dad doesn't even know what emancipation is. Don't sign it, but also tell him that what he's doing isn't going to be granted and you're not participating in it.  Oh okay thank you, I'll explain this to him. I guess I didn't really understand it either. Signing those papers won't accomplish anything, legally speaking. I don’t think your dad understands what emancipation is and how it is used. Generally you would need to go in front of a judge and explain how you can and do support yourself and why it would be in your best interest to be an independent adult in the eyes of the law. It is not to prevent parents from being responsible for wayward youth. 