 I am 18 now, but when I was 16 (it’s been a year and a half) I was sexually assaulted by my now ex boyfriend of a year and a half. My boyfriend was 16 also. It was a very traumatizing experience, and at first I was unsure if I wanted to press charges. It obviously took me a long time to decide, but I had a lot of outside influences try and persuade me not to, which really confused me. A lot of threats, and confusing opinions from therapists. On top of that, dealing with that trauma at such a young age was a juggling act. How would you go about pressing charges? My situation is a little different, as I have some “evidence” showing it happened. I have multiple screenshots of him admitting that he assaulted me, threats from his family (saying I deserved it, they would beat/kill me if I pressed charges), also phone records of him calling me multiple times after the assault after me confirming I did want NO contact with him. Also have therapy records of me talking about it, I don’t know if this would be helpful but it’s worth mentioning. While I don’t like looking at the photo I have, I also have a photo of his back after he assaulted me, where there are deep scratch marks on one shoulder blade, from me trying to get him off me. (I have this because he wanted me to take a photo to show “how I liked it”). I also have eye witness’s for some texts I don’t have records of, of more heinous threats from the family. Going to a lawyer is something I know will need to happen, but I am still hesitant based on the usual outlook of cases like this. So my questions are: Would the evidence be admissible in court? Would anything be able to be done due to both parties being a minor? In AZ, I believe I read this is well within the statue of limitations, but if not-feel free to inform me.  You don't "press charges". That's the DA's job. You may report the incident and all the information you have to the police. They will decide what action to take. If they pursue it, they forward the info to the District Attorney, who will decide if the state will be pressing charges. Lawyers have nothing to do with you at this point.  You don't need a lawyer, you just report the crime to the police wherever it happened.