 On Wednesday evening, the tenant in the unit directly above mine advised me they were going to be installing a new washer and dryer and they would like me to be home in the event that there is leaking. I was not able to be there for that evening, so I told them to just be very careful and in the event they saw leaking, to turn the water off. Fast forward to Thursday afternoon, I get a call from the a landlord saying that there was some leaks that occurred while they were installing, but they didn't have a key to enter my unit so they couldn't go investigate the damages. When I arrived home later that evening, the carpets were soaked in my bedroom and in my closet, water was still slowly dripping from the ceiling, my mattress was very wet, etc. I called the management and let them know this was a serious issue, not a small leak, and they sent over a remediation company that evening to vacuum the water, and try to dry out the space. Today, I contacted my landlord requesting the policy information of my renter's insurance (I pay for the policy through the apartment) and I am told that my policy is "liability coverage only to protect the community from any resident caused damages and not protection for the resident in any way" by the leasing manager. (Note that I was never provided policy information on my renter's insurance when I signed the lease). The language in my contract regarding damages is as such: . DAMAGE TO RESIDENT’S PROPERTY – The Resident hereby assumes the sole and entire risk of any damage to any of the Resident’s property (including damage by fire) which may be placed on the Premises, including such property in storage areas, parking areas, or in any part of the entire property owned or managed by the Landlord. The Resident further agrees not to hold the Landlord liable for any stoppage of, or damage from sewer, water, or drain pipes by reason of obstructions, freezing, or other causes, or for the failure to provide heat, cooling or utilities as a result of any conditions beyond the control of the Landlord. The Resident is liable for acquiring and maintaining renter’s insurance coverage for fire, extended coverage, and liability insurance with respect to the Premises and its contents. The Landlord does not carry insurance which provides for coverage of the Resident’s personal belongings, coverage for damages occurring on or around the Premises resulting by fault of the Resident, or coverage for loss-of-use, power interruptions, etc. The Landlord strongly advises that the Resident obtain Renter’s insurance prior to entering into this Lease. Resident acknowledges that no portion of the rent paid under this agreement will be applied to the Landlord’s structural fire insurance and that Resident is in no way a co-insured under any such policy, and that, in order to reduce the cost of insurance, the Landlord has chosen to purchase fire and extended coverage insurance to the property for which the above rental agreement applies. If Resident or any member of Resident’s household, guest or invitee causes damages to the premises in an amount that is less than the amount of this insurance deductible, Resident indemnifies Landlord and shall reimburse the Landlord for the amount of such damages. Resident may be held responsible for costs in excess of the deductible under any subrogation clause of the said policy. It is highly recommended that Resident secures insurance protection for such a loss. I've requested the policy information again, but I'm worried that I do not have insurance for personal damages. How should I proceed? Should I be requesting the renter's insurance information from the tenant above me? If they do not have their own policy, is my only option to sue for damage?  IANAL, but just going by the language in what you’ve posted, it looks like you’re SOL.   's insurance information from the tenant above me? If they do not have their own policy, is my only option to sue for damage? If you don't have personal property coverage in some form of renter's insurance, yes. You can see about filing a claim against the neighbor's insurance policy or sue them for your losses.