 [Texas] My last post was deleted because I didn’t make the question clear enough. Basically my roommate was selling drugs, and I helped him get rid of the drugs so he wouldn’t get in trouble. I was not aware that this is illegal. The police are charging me with “Tampering with Evidence” and possible being charged as an accessory even though I’ve never sold drugs. I’ve been paying off college the past 3 years totaling over $40,000 so If I get expelled can I get a refund for this money? Also how would I go about suing the police for defamation of character for these false accusations? I am 100% innocent.  /u/locationbot recall They cannot take the experience away from you, no. The skills and knowledge you accumulated are integrated into your person and cannot be seized or stripped legally. In ten years, you can still be using something you learned in school even if you are expelled. You advised us that you helped dispose of the drugs.  If convicted and expelled... yes. Start taking this seriously and get a lawyer. Truth is an absolute defense against defamation. Yup  yeah but I never once sold the drugs and I wasn’t really aware that my roommate was participating in these things. Maybe! No, committing a crime hurt your reputation. Your boss is well within their right to suspend you for committing crimes. Yes, but it's not false statements that are hurting your reputation, it's the fact that you illegally tampered with evidence.  Whether you knew it was a crime or not you committed one. The police believe you committed a crime and are charging you. This is not defamation. so that’s just $40,000 and 3 years of hard work and sleepless nights down the drain?  No you're not. You're an accessory after the fact and helped your roommate dispose of drugs. Shut up, get offline, and talk to a criminal defense attorney. You're not going to sue the PD for charging you for the crime you committed. And no, you're not getting a refund for college because you committed crimes. Really? My boss found about this and I’ve been suspended from my job without pay. This is definitely hurting my reputation You just admitted you committed the crime. Just because you didn't know it was illegal doesn't mean its not illegal..  I saw your other post. You need to stop worrying about suing the police and start worrying about your own charges. You need a lawyer. You are not being illegally charged. You tampered with evidence. 