 So my wife and I just decided on buying our first house and we are currently renting. We have been in our current rent house since July 17th, and our lease ends June 30th of this year. We've had lots of repair requests for the current place and some have been completed, and some haven't including a cosmetic repair that was requested when we first moved in. King County if it matters. We haven't signed the paperwork for the new house yet, but will be getting the ball rolling on it soon enough and the expected move in date is at the end of March or early April. To sum up and for more clarity I will give a more distinct time-line below. July 16th - Walk-through with the property managers (PM going forward). The house was not properly cleaned and the kitchen was pretty....sticky for lack of other words. We said that we would clean it because we didn't want to wait for a maintenance tech just for cleaning. Had lots of other repairs that we had requested including new caulking in the baths, several sets of new blinds and window-screens since they were either broken or disgusting. One repair that we had requested was that two of the doors had been broken in small areas and had been puttied or something and it was really obvious and gross looking. They agreed to fix the doors. July 17th - Move in Early August - Maintenance Tech (MT going forward) comes out, does various small repairs such as the caulking, measures the doors, blinds, screens. September 10th - I e-mail PM because we have not heard back from MT regarding the installation of the blinds or doors. Ask about us doing some work on the yard because it was in dire need. Get approval to do the work and we eventually complete it and get reimbursed as agreed on. September 25th - Still haven't heard from MT and ask PM about it again. At some point at the end of September-Early October - MT comes out, the doors are cut wrong, and the color is wrong. He installs the blinds and screens and does a couple other minor tasks. Re-measures and takes pictures of the doors for reference. December 5th - Doors still not installed and our kitchen freezer is going out. Moved things to the garage fridge/freezer. E-mail PM and let them know. December 7th - Call and let them know that the fridge is not cold now either. Text back and forth with MT because I have enough know-how to take the panels apart and send pics. Long story short, I sent some pics and we deduced the whole unit was a bust. December 8th - Fridge is replaced, made appointment with MT to get the doors replaced finally. The next week - MT comes back out, doors still do not match. Replaces one with an unfinished blank to take it for color match. December 18th - I take a shower and come downstairs to find a huge puddle in our kitchen and the ceiling paint bubbled up. Called PM, and they called Property Owner (PO forward). December 19th - PO comes out to look and take pictures. We mutually agree that since the wife and I are having guests for Xmas that we decide it would be best to not have repair work ongoing, and a hole in the ceiling to look for further damage. We have an extra .75 bath down-stairs that we use in the mean-time. December 30th - The guests are gone, I cut a hole in the ceiling as we discussed with PO to look for the type of leak or the origination. Turn on water to look for the leak, and I shit you not, the water was running down the outside of the house. The tiles seemed to be cracked and bowed out (grout leakage probably) and the water was running out and down the side of the house that way. When the shower is turned off, the water makes its way down the side of the shower pan and leaks off of the bottom of the drain pipe. I take pictures, send to PM to forward to PO. January 5th - Called PM and get a text response: PO wanted the MT to handle it, but it's too extensive and MT says he won't do it. Looking into more options. January 12th - PO comes out with a contractor to measure and cost the repair. January 15th - PM e-mails and states that the contractor is going to handle it (it's a re-bath type place so they have to mold the replacement first) and the repair is estimated to be 4-5 weeks out and be 2 days. February 13th - I e-mail PM because we haven't heard anything. February 14th - Hear from PO wanting to know what days work for us for installation. February 15th - Tell him LITERALLY ASAP would be fine with us and we will make it work. February 16th - Decide on a place that we want to buy and find out the estimated completion of late March or early April. Will know more once we put money down. February 17th - Post here asking for advice. It's worth mentioning that we have never been late on a payment. The door repairs are STILL pending, and even though they are cosmetic the master bedroom door does not lock fully and it was one of the doors to be replaced anyway so we really wanted it done. Also, at some point the garage door was broken and they fixed that within like 3 days so I feel like it's irrelevant to the story. So long-story-short, we want to know if we have grounds to break the lease and not pay any penalty. We'd be fine leaving our month's-rent deposit and GTFO if we need to. TL;DR: Requested some repairs, landlords aren't super keen to fix non-emergency stuff, we want to move before our lease is up. Can we get out scott-free? Be happy to clarify anything if it can help.  I can't find any legal obligation for landlords to check for mold. But you can ask them to.  Considering the possibility of water damage do they maybe have an obligation to check for mold? I informed them that the insulation was soaked when I opened the ceiling. It doesn't seem to me that a re-bather would check for that or do enough in the way of repair to validate it at all. If you want to terminate your lease early, first check your lease agreement to see if there are any options for early termination. Then have a discussion with the landlord. See if the landlord will let you terminate early by paying a fee. I don’t think anything about the repairs will allow you to terminate your lease early. 