 I'm not even sure where to begin here, i responded to an ad on [indeed.com]() where someone was looking for an "MTG Expert". We emailed back and forth and he asked me to come in for an interview, it was fairly short notice, but he insisted he was in a hurry to get this started ASAP, so i ended up spending over $700 to fly out and stay in Chicago for 3 days during the interview. For me $700 is a LOT of money, i barely make $1000 a month, so i basically used 3/4th months pay for this. The interview went well, he seemed happy with me and my responses to his questions, and I went home feeling good. I didn't hear back from him for several days, after a week of waiting i sent him an email just to inquire about the job and he replied with more questions about how to run an LGS, and implied, but didn't say outright, that he wanted me to run the place for him. I sent him several more emails with detailed info about how I would run the store, what stock i would get, what events i would run... Basically gave him all the info that i would have just used if i ran the place. He replied to these emails and stated he did want me to run the store for him as the 'owner' and him as 'an investor', but said he wasn't going to pay me hourly wage or salary for doing it, instead saying my pay would be 50% of the stores profits. This is where thigns got kinda messy, i attempted to negotiate proper hourly pay, or at least a minimum monthly salary to make my ends meet, as i had run an LGS before without being the owner and i KNOW those stores don't make money very fast, and the cost of living in chicago would require the store to pull in $3k-$4k a month in PROFITS, and thats just not a feasible amount for a brand new store. The guy adamantly refused to budge on how he would be 'paying' me, and now I'm concerned that he just took all the info i gave him about how to run an LGS and has screwed me, essentially stealing my work and ideas, all because he didn't want to pay someone properly. I realize this isn't something that people normally deal with, but i don't know who else to ask about this, or if there's anything i can do about it. Is there anything i can do? Or did i jsut waste my time, money, and let someone steal my ideas form me? I did look up the place, many results came back, but nothign about scams, mostly just mixed reviews of his current businesses. He does not care about your issues, but he would love to use you for two months and then find someone else when you are homeless on the streets of Chicago. Why do this without his agreement to pay for it? You cannot get that money from him unless he were to volunteer it to you. You have no legal recourse; you made a poor decision and that is the cost. This is a scam, as listed below. You gave your ideas if you don't accept the job, you get nothing. You probably have no recourse here. On a completely different note, did you google his name or the shop's name? There's a shop owner in Chicago who, if you Google his name (which I won't post), comes up with a very long and detailed TheSource thread about scams as the third result (used to be the first two back when the buylist scams were going on). If it's that guy, this is most definitely something he'd try I'm sorry to hear about it, but you're far from his first victim. See the issue is i CANT take the job, i wouldnt be getting paid, and i have enough in the bank for maybe 2 months expenses in the chicago area, and thats with me eating a diet of pure ramen, and he knows that becuase i brought it up several times. I mean airfare, food, hotel, uber's around Chicago for 3 days.  He didn't really steal your ideas. Your freely gave them to him. He has now, seemingly, offered you a position based on your level of qualifications and your responses. You can either take the job or move on. It's not really his fault that you gave more information than you're comfortable with.  This was a scam. Did you do anything other than pay for airfare? If so, consider yourself lucky.