 I lived with my girlfriend at the time in an apartment. We are nearing the end of our lease. Let's just say, we had a terrible fallout after a pretty lousy three years together. However, prior to our breakup, we signed a lease to live together for 12 months last February. In June, she returned home to the west coast without much notice, promised to fulfill her end of the lease for the remaining 8 months to both me and my guardian (our lease guarantor) through text message. She had left for a job opportunity she didn't speak to me about, said we'd work our relationship out long-distance, yet she disappeared for a month and later told me through text things were over. Turns out she cheated the second she landed home. I know this isn't important, but either way. I'm wondering now, in one of the final months of the lease, if her not paying her half as promised to both me and the guarantor can be admissible in court. She's constantly waiting until the last day to pay, which puts tremendous stress on our part that she may not pay it. I want to see if she can be held accountable for her commitment, or if it's okay for her to keep screwing us over.  When you go to the small claims court clerk to start the filing process, they'll walk you through all of that! In some places, a certified letter may be sufficient, but in many locations you have to have the sheriff or a private process server deliver it. They'll explain your options when you file! This takes such an immense weight off my shoulders knowing texts are enough and it's this cut and dry. How do you go about summoning someone?  If you handle it in small claims court, the filing fees are usually in the $50-$125 range... and that's essentially it. You can handle small claims without a lawyer - it's all done in plain english and the judge just walks you through it all step by step. In NC, you can recover up to $5000 in small claims, so as long as the amount is smaller than that, you're good. For anything you want to produce as evidence (like the text message screen shots) bring 3 copies - one for you, one for her, and one for the judge. And for clarification, she's paid the rent every month, even after moving out... but you suspect she's going to stop for the last month or two? That helps you, because when a judge is trying to figure out what's going on, he'll look at patterns. If she'd NEVER paid the rent and you hadn't said anything about it until now, he might assume from your behavior that you actually accepted it, and just now are trying to change the terms to punish her for something else. But if she's paid without complaint the other months, he'll look at that and say "Obviously you agreed to pay, or you wouldn't have done it for 4 months. Why do you think you get to change the terms of that agreement now?" What would the overall expense be to sue her for her half? My family is just in such a tough place, and she screwed us all over without remorse - so I want to sue, but if the cost to bring her to court outweighs the total rent she owes, it makes it difficult for us. Feel free to chat me if you have time and know more about this. Yeah, you guys have a joint obligation to the landlord, but she has an individual obligation to you. You absolutely can sue her for her half. I'm aware a landlord doesn't care who it comes from. I just wanted to know the roommate situation. Your landlord can absolutely hold YOU responsible for all of rent. A landlord doesn't care who pays what percentage of the rent each month - only that they get it all. If they don't, they'll go after everyone on the lease to get repaid. But you can also hold your roommates to your internal arrangement and sue her if you have to. Small claims isn't hard to navigate. Oh, I know she has a day. She waits until the last second to mess with me and my family (the only people who ever helped her). I'm just asking because I anticipate she won't pay this month, she tried to get out of the lease when she came to pick up her things at the office behind my back. But, we have multiple messages of her saying she'll pay her rent - that she sent to me and my mom. I think there's like 20 messages of her saying she would, because we didn't trust her (for good reason) - so I wanted to see if it was binding in the event she skips out.  Note that paying on the due date is perfectly allowable. There is no requirement to pay early for the convenience of another party. As such, so far, it does not sound to me like you have any case as she has thus far followed the agreement. Text messages and e-mails constitute written contracts that are legally enforceable. If she is on the lease as paying half, it makes it even easier as that will even have her signature. However, even just spoken word can make a legal contact, it is just hard to prove what was agreed upon. Nope, you're good. So there's no loophole out of it for her? She told me countless times and my mother that she'd complete the lease, but wants to hold out last second. I'll only pursue if its open and shut, so I want to make sure Yes, it's written communication.