 For the past 3 years, me and mostly my girlfriend have been stalked and harassed (constant calls, emails, messages, voicemails, driving by, parking in front of house, following us, 'chance' encounters, going out of her way to be in our neighborhood etc) by a family member of my gf who has mental health issues. We have had zero contact with her this whole time, and we do not speak with the rest of her family for reasons I won't get into, but the rest are aware and have not bothered us. A year and a half ago, we went to the courthouse and spoke with a public defender, he said since there was no Imminent danger that the chances of a no-contact/restraining order were slim to none. 3 days ago, our stalker left a voicemail acknowledging that we blocked them and do not want to be contacted. the next day, she left another voicemail inviting my gf to the movies and then adding ''I'm not gonna let up until you contact somebody in our family, so you're either gonna want to change your number or prepare for loving phone calls everyday''. My gf keeps getting voicemails, and I keep getting messages saying things like ''You need to ALLOW your gf to contact me!'' It's been 3 years without us saying anything, or giving any type of reaction. Is that quote with a ton of other manipulative/guilt trip voicemails/messages enough to finally file paperwork? Otherwise, what else can we do? How do we proceed? should we repeat clearly that we do not wish to be contacted? This has been really exhausting and annoying and we can't just keep letting it happen.. My gf gets bad anxiety and rarely wants to leave the house. Moving isn't really an option, but it seems to be our only one. Location: Canada Hello, first of all I'm sorry you are going through this and I am not a lawyer but I have been through a very similar situation, in Canada as well. The best thing you can do is document everything and do not respond, which it sounds like you are already doing. Definitely go to the police station with your evidence and make a police report. These are generally considered low urgency types of cases so the police will likely follow up with you at a later time, be prepared for them to show up anytime. They knocked on my door at 4 am, which is frightening when you have a stalker. The police recommended that I file a restraining order. I listened to them and filed the paperwork and met with the court officer to explain my situation. Much like you mentioned, they told me that unless my life was in danger, they would not grant the order. I (stubbornly) would not admit my life was in danger, which I should have. Unless you have evidence your life is in danger, you're basically out of luck with the courts. The police WILL contact this person and give them (at the very least) a warning and hopefully it will stop. If not, follow up with the police. 3 years is an obscene amount of time for this to be going on. Best of luck.  \ ''I'm not gonna let up until you contact somebody in our family, so you're either gonna want to change your number or prepare for loving phone calls everyday''. From earlier in your post, you said that you have spoken to some family members (or that is what seems to be inferred). Could they possibly talk to this stalker lady and tell her that you have contacted them and she needs to stop? IANAL/or in law enforcement but if that is not an option, then as long as all of this is documented, you should be able to take that info to the cops or District Attorney and get them to help you.  Good idea but it often doesn't work for someone this determined. Still worth a try though. Change your phone numbers? Why did you speak with a Public Defender - they defend indigent? I don't know the Canadian system but shouldn't you speak to someone like a District Attorney (prosecutor)? Or even better, can't you file for a restraining order on your own? It has been a year and a half since you first tried to get help. Have you been saving VMs and documenting? Documenting as in a spreadsheet with dates, times, pictures if you have them(start taking them if you don't), transcript of VMs, etc. In the US you can file for a Temporary Restraining Order on your own. Fill out a boatload of forms, bring your documentation, go to the courthouse and it is reviewed. If you are granted the TRO a date will be set for a hearing. The other party will be served. They can offer a defense and then the court decides if you are granted a Restraining Order that can last for several years. Moving won't solve the problem. She will track you down again. I expect the police will be more willing to presume a fear of safety than whichever public defender you talked to. Give them a call because this definitely sounds like criminal harassment. They probably won't charge her immediately but give her a warning. Often a home visit from the police is enough to get people to back off.