 So I run a fairly decent sized Instagram account. The whole premise is similar to a pet Instagram account, where the pet is photographed in various situations, except in my case the "pet" takes the form of an animal-shaped object rather than a real live animal. I've been contacted by the company that produces the object (let's call it a spatula). There is one representative from the company who is particularly hostile, demanding that I change certain things about the posts and the account bio, for instance. She claims that because her company has the rights to the design for the novelty animal shaped spatula, that my art using the spatula is infringing on their rights. The way I see it, I'm not infringing on the rights because I'm not copying anything. Im not making more spatulas, I'm not even profiting off of the one I have or claiming that I came up with the design for the thing. I'm just taking pictures of a specific product and adding captions that align with a personality that it seems to have. And, as I'm the creator of the character (Travis, let's call him Travis the spatula), I have the right to make my art and use the character how I see fit. Personally, I don't think they have a case. But I figure someone on here would know better. Plus, if I need to lawyer up in order to keep doing the art, I need to know now (because if I do I'm just going to stop. It's fun for me, but just not worth it.) or, if I should just block the aggressive woman and ignore her because they have no case, I'd like to know that too. The company is headquartered in Israel, if that makes any difference. Thank you for any input! Well it's definitely the company's spatula/spatula design. They made sure of that when, unbeknownst to me, I originally had a knockoff from some company in China. They demanded I use a real authentic one made by their company. They did give me a coupon though, and I thought it was a fair compromise to make. I definitely feel like I've got more of an argument than Prince though... It looks like he was literally just taking the prior creation without really adding anything of his own to it (like.. I guess I understand how a judge let him off, but I still can't quite wrap my head around it.) In my case, I've actively created a character (Travis) out of their product, which was not a character before. It's just, instead of the character being a drawn or sculpted thing of my own design, it's more the personality I've attributed to this particular spatula and how I take pictures and add captions to show the character "interacting" with the world. The company uses the design (let's say they call it a spatulalligator, because it's shaped like an alligator) to sell the thing. They do use the alligator qualities to market it (showing it, for instance, with its teeth biting down on something in a pan that the spatula would flip over (I realize this sounds made up, because it is, because the rules said I can't disclose who it actually is and showing you the product makes it super obvious)). The company has its own name for the product, but the pictures they use for marketing are more in the vein of taking pictures of a set of Legos all arranged in perfect box formation to include on the packaging than as a way of ascribing a particular personality to their product. I hope that makes sense. Thanks for responding!! Also, that Prince stuff is interesting, if a bit confusing!  Well the spatula is shaped like an animal, but yeah it's definitely being anthropomorphized. Like, I took pictures of "Travis" helping make cookies by placing it on the dough as though it was pressing in a cookie cutter on its own, then overlaid it with the caption "Travis is helping make cookies!" It's not something I'd pay money to keep doing, but it is a fun hobby and people really seem to like the stories I make and I get a lot of positive reception, so I don't want to kill the project just because the company has shitty intimidation practices.  Your situation is possibly somewhat similar to to Infamous infringer Richard Prince, has taken copyrighted Instagram images of others, added comments to them, thereby "transforming" them in to new art which is copyrighted by him. If you are using the company's spatula you are probably covered. If you are just using a generic spatula, you are probably home free. It's really all up to a Federal Judge and his interpretation and how persuasive your lawyer is. So, you're taking some random spatula and anthropomorphizing it? If you are taking their spatula design and reusing it, the may have a case, maybe. It's likely they're trying to scare you, but is it really worth it using it?