 Hello. I have been working for a startup company in FL for about 10 months. I originally interned with them for 3 months and was asked to start taking stock after the first month because of a lack of funds and funding. I verbally agreed to the work but no specifics were discussed as to the terms, scope of work, payment, or any other info relating to employment terms after my internship was complete. An NDA was signed though. Several times my "boss" would say we will get salaries and bonuses when funding was issued to the company. It was just understood that I and another co-worker would continue working throughout the internship and after the internship. We continued working without any agreement or contract and the "boss" assured us of payment with hints of how much we could make very soon, some being more than 6 figures. The work I did consisted of fairly skilled computer work, website development, filing important documents and applications, attending important introductory meetings, conference calls, potential investor calls, being a liaison for company executives, decision making, speaking with company executives daily, assistant, inventory management, production work for products, managing other co-workers, communication tasks, helped create and incorporate companies under a parent company and many many other tasks that require a good amount of knowledge and skill. I would say the work amounts to around $70,000 for 10 months worth of equivalent work under a salary job. That is a very conservative amount as well. Some of the work involves intellectual property ("IP") and new production discoveries. I was working full time and many days were well over 8 hour days and many weekends. There was no time keeping and I foolishly didn't make a timesheet for these 10 months. I have read that with no written or verbal agreement the IP and discoveries cannot be claimed by the company and I can claim them. As tensions rise within the company I am contemplating leaving and there is a potential of termination as my "boss" and I aren't seeing eye to eye lately. With the background laid out and abiding by the NDA I signed, the questions I have are as follows. Can I bill for the work I have done in stock? Are they obligated to pay me since no written agreement was signed? If they refuse to pay can I sue and do I have legal standing? Can I bill them for the amount I believe is a fair amount for my work? How do I determine or show my work is worth the amount I bill for? Can I claim co-founder and a percentage of ownership of the newly made companies? I'm sure I'm missing other questions but I think this is enough info for everyone to understand what I am asking for regarding advice. Please ask me follow up questions so I can clarify further if needed. There is a lot of info and I am under an NDA so I want to adhere to that while giving lots of info so I may be all over the place. Thank you!! They do have money. The "boss" just wanted to use the money for salaries to use for scaling up. Sounds like you were a volunteer. You can try to sue, but if they don't have any money, what do you think you're going to get? 