 Wasn’t sure what to tag, correct me if I need to change it. Anyway, warned a neighbor a few doors down to keep his dog out of my yard after it bit one of my two chickens. It then came back a few weeks later and killed one. Can I do anything about this? My yard is fenced as has only one entrance. Am I allowed to shoot the dog if it enters my property? Not to kill of course, just like a BB gun.  The thing can jump my gate my borders, it is an indoor dog. They can keep it indoors. I’m not going to raise all of my borders. I’ll kill it before I have to do that. It’s their fault not mine.  I do what I need to do. I will not work harder to pick up my neighbors slack. I will do what I legally can to take care of the situation.  I assure you I am not being lazy. And I wish you had better morals than to wish that someone would kill themselves or rot in jail. I’m not gonna kill a dog, I literally asked for legal advice. I never asked I could kill the dog, it was just the overwhelming response to my post. It should not be my job to keep a dog out of my yard. I do a fine job of keeping coyotes out. If my neighbor decides to let their dog come into my yard while I have chickens out it’s their fault. They have promised to keep their dog in. I have children and I would not like my son to find another one of his chickens dead because of my neighbor. I sincerely wish you the best, and that you become a better person.  I hope you rot in jail. It's clear your reason for posting is more to get justification for animal abuse rather than to solve your problem. I sincerely hope you shoot yourself with a ricochet. There are many ways to keep your chickens safe. I have had chickens for over 20 years and I haven't had a chicken taken by a coyote (which is much more determined and capable than a dog) in that time despite their repeated attempts. You are just lazy.  They’ve agreed to keep their dog indoors after the first attack. The dog can get to the chickens with or without the gate open. Yes I am interested in killing the sob if it gets to my yard again.  Why not just close your gate? If you are negligent by leaving your gate open when there is a dog known to attack your chickens in the area ... That doesn't give you carte blanche to kill the dog. You are contributing to the situation where the dog is attracted to the livestock. This could go against you and you may end up in jail. It seems like in this thread you are more interested in killing the dog than stopping the attacks. You need to consider where you live, and I’d suggest you speak to your local / county police as to the legality of discharging a firearm on your property. I had foxes kill my chickens, and as I live in suburbia, double checked with my local police, who advised it’d be illegal, and I’d be up on charges if they learnt of it, given where I live.  Telling them you have that right should get this fixed. Unless they are total psychos anyway.  Our gate isn’t closed 24/7, and it can jump our gate as well How is the dog getting in if your yard is fenced? Much like you don’t shoot a warning shot at a human or shoot to wound a human, shoot to kill an animal.  Now that I know I can kill it that’ll be my goal, of course I don’t want to kill an animal. But if it doesn’t stay put, I’ll put it down.  Good luck with everything. The paintball marker solution works for a lot of different predators if you don't want to use a more permanent solution.  Honestly the right to kill it works for me, I can use that to at least scare the owner into keeping his dog in his yard. If not I can simply exercise my right.  Not attorney advice but very good advice. I’ll dig my chickens grave a little deeper.  Thank you!! Thanks for the advice! If you’re going to shoot it, don’t use a BB gun. Kill it. Usually dogs running at large are able to be shot and killed.  I realize I haven't really answered your question. I have been looking for precedent on less than lethal force and haven't found anything after a brief search. If I were interpreting the law I would personally argue it implicitly authorizes less than lethal force, but by the statutory language you clearly have the right to kill the dog. It's not clear if you have the right to use lower levels of force. If you do not wish to kill the dog and it is not aggressive toward people, here is a solution that the stable owner where I board my horse came up with when dogs from a nearby subdivision came roaming onto the property: - Catch dog, - Coat dog in Karo corn syrup, - Let dog have a roll in the manure pile, - If the dog's owner had contact info on the tag or collar, lock dog into a stall freshly bedded with sawdust and call owner to come collect it. - If no contact info available, send the dog on its way. Dogs were rarely seen again. -  Since you have already warned the owner that their dog has attacked your poultry you have the right to kill it if you find it running at large. And you can sue the owner for the cost of the killed or injured chickens. Washington  What's the state? In many states you would be within your rights to kill any dog attacking your livestock. 12 gauge solves the problem. A non-lethal solution is a paint-ball marker. Get an inexpensive semi-auto marker, ~$50-75, and send the dog home with a colorful new coat. It likely will not be back.