 Back in December, my fiance was attacked by his brother in our own apartment. Long story short, the arresting officer lied on the criminal complaint and purposely misquoted our neighbors, who came to our defense when they saw the misquotes. Furthermore, they heard the officer say to the brother that "veterans protect veterans." It was later discovered that the officer was the nephew of the police chief, who refused to submit corrections to the court. We ended up presenting during the first pretrial, and the DA agreed with the evidence and admitted to starting out with the lesser charges from the beginning, because he had serious doubts about the situation and the complaint. He condemned the officers bias in this case and reduced everything to a $15, county level disorderly conduct ticket and left everything at that. Since then, the arresting officer was moved to day shift, but has this constant habit of glaring at us. A week before the trial, he was sitting in front of our apartment, not realizing we were taking pictures of him with our phones. And when we put up a camera, he threw a temper-tantrum in front of the camera, only for our lawyer to send a cease and desist letter with all of the pictures. Since then, he has stopped. However, anytime we're near him, all he does is glare at us - which is whatever. However, his schedule seems to have returned to normal, and he did something that has me concerned. The one neighbor who submitted an statement alleging that he was misquoted and that the officer entered his apartment without his permission, twice, was riding in a friends car when the same officer pulled that friend over. He told the driver that his tail light was out and demanded that everyone in the car hand over their IDs. They did so, while my neighbor was trying to hold back his cool. The officer came back, admitted that the tail light wasn't really out and he wanted to see who those guys were. He then stated that the one individual had a warrant in the next county over, but didn't feel like taking him in. When he looked at my neighbor, he asked what his problem was my neighbor reminded him about that night. The officer became condescending but ended, saying that everything wasn't quite wrapped up with my fiances case. I'm now concerned about the possibility of retaliation. It's clear that, while the county saw it as a problem for the uncle and nephew to be in the same department and that it was a problem that explicit lies and misquotes were not addressed by the department, no actions were actually taken. I don't feel safe in my apartment, but at the same time, I can't move out because of a winter clause in my lease. What should I do?  If you truly believe you’re in danger get out now! Grab what you can and leave. Your possessions are not worth your life. If you don’t have your own transportation ask a trusted friend or family member familiar with your situation for help getting somewhere safe. Once you’ve found a safe space you can worry about recovering your belongings you could not take with you and deal with your lease. 