 Long story short, my dad flat out told me he hates me and wants me gone. I asked him why and he said "for everything youve ever done in your life" and also "youre better off by yourself" Its 20 degrees and snowing here in upstate new york. All I have is 500 dollars and my phone, my PS4, and some clothes. He seems excited to kick me out and told me I have 2 weeks. Hes claiming since im not on the lease he can make me leave whenever he wants, and 2 weeks is more than enough time (apparently). I pay the utlities and TV/Wi-Fi bill and all my possesions are here. Do I have any rights whatsoever since im not on the lease but still pay bills and even did pay for a months worth of rent? I plan on leaving anyways but 2 weeks just isnt enough time. I have a second job and bring in about 550 a week plus im getting 900 back on tax returns. You can qualify as a tenant and are required to be given at least 30 days notice before having to move. You don't have to be on a lease to count as a tenant--squatting in a friend's apartment for a few months could give you tenant rights in some circumstances. You can't force your dad to let you live there until you save up more money, but you can guarantee yourself another 2 week's time. In the meantime save up everything you can and find somewhere to stay ASAP, even if it means staying with a friend for a couple days.  I’m not sure how important it necessarily is in this situation, but you may want to gather evidence of your residency to prove you are in fact a tenant. Bills with your name on it, photos of you and your stuff in the place, maybe even just mail addressed to you to that place. Might not make a difference but won’t hurt Make sure you immediately get a postal box for all your mail. This is wise because you may end up moving a lot in the coming years and you want to not lose your mail. Changes your banking, credit card bills etc as well. Make sure you have copies of all your vital documents. If you are on a family plan for your cell phone, cut that card as well as any internet services. Start sorting and packing now. Make a go bag, of essential items and clothing in case your dad flips out and you have to leave quickly. Get copies made of any photos you wish to have that are his possessions and addresses and numbers of extended family members. If you are on his medical information or insurance get the card numbers and company contact information. Make sure he does not have your financial information. Breathe...you can do this.  Do you have to rent from this landlord? I wouldn't be feeling very confident about them coming through if something happened in the place that needed immediate attention. A week and a half response time seems kinda crazy from someone trying to rent out a property. Roger dodger. Already started that. New landlord is pretty slow on responses though but i am in the process already thankfully. It took me like a week and a half just to get an email back from this lady... [removed] As stated in the post I am in the process of looking for another place. I already moved out when i was 18, my dad begged me to move back in with him when his girlfriend of likw 8 years kicked him out and I barely knew him and we agreed id be able to save money so i accepted. But thanks for the amazing advice, ass clown.  Grow up and move out. Start looking for a new place. You are a tenant. Your father can terminate your tenancy by giving you written notice at least one month in advance. Two weeks is too short a time period under New York law. He has to give you a full month.  To add to this, if this isn't obvious, look up New York tenant laws.  That poster has no idea what they are talking about. That comment should be removed by the mods shortly. Your dad has to follow the rules for termination of a month to month tenancy. That means at least 30 days notice.  If you are 18 or older he must give you 30 days notice. If you are younger, call CPS.   That is profoundly wrong. OP is a tenant. Father had to follow the rules for termination of a month-to-month tenancy.  Ok so that is wrong. Youre not on the lease, he can pretty much kick you out tomorrow if he would like. Hope everything works out...