 So I got a call from a debt collector last week. It was a very odd call, asked my name about 5 times and was asking a lot of personal questions. Eventually they got to the point where they said I owed money. $493 dollars to be exact. And they were pressuring me to pay over the phone. Of course I wasn't going to do that considering I had no idea what this was about. I asked more questions about who they were, which they didn't answer straightforwardly. I asked where this debt was coming from and he fumbled for a little while until coming to the point it was from a "medical visit" back in August. I asked why they are only calling now about it. They said they have been sending letters ever since then. I asked them what address. They were sending it to my old apartment. I moved to a different city in August... So no wonder I haven't got it. He then continued to pressure me to pay over the phone. I told him if this was legitimate, they could send a letter to me. I gave them my address and they sent the letter which I received today. So now I have a better idea of where this is all coming from. The reference is "select physical therapy" which i did receive in August. I went to two separate sessions. The first time I went, I told them I was paying out of pocket. They said that was fine, I paid by card and after looking at my records I see that there was $120.00 charge where the transaction date was August 23 and posted August 24. The weird part is, on this letter that was sent to me by this debt collector, the "date of service" shows 08-23-18. I did go a second time after that about a week later and I'm remembering that no one was there after my treatment was done. It was 5:30 and all the front desk people were gone at that point. I didn't think anything of it, they had my payment method and I figured they would charge me again or call me up to pay over the phone if they didn't have my payment method on file. Nothing ever came of it and it slipped my mind. And now I get this call 6 months later from a debt collections agency for $493! When this was originally a $120 treatment to begin with. I never received a call from the physical therapist. I never received a call from these debt collectors until I assume the maximum penalty was assessed and only then did they decided to use even the most direct avenue of communication to make an effort to contact me. They had my phone number this entire time and only now do they attempt to use that very obvious line of communication. This just seems wrong all around. I've never been in this kind of situation before and I don't know what recourse I have. Any help would be much appreciated.