 Hello all. I have a question. I live in Ohio which has the castle doctrine. I understand that if someone breaks into my home and I feel a legitimate threat to my life I have the right to use deadly force to defend myself. The question is this...what if I was drinking that night, went to bed and was then awoken a few hours later during the break in. I would obviously feel threatened if they were to come after me but how does me drinking a few hours before play into that? Thanks. Fair. Sorry deleted before i saw your comment due to poor wording. My implication more is that if it were a legitimate home defense situation it is less likely to be an issue.  So according to the ORC: 2923.15 Using weapons while intoxicated. (A) No person, while under the influence of alcohol or any drug of abuse, shall carry or use any firearm or dangerous ordnance. (B) Whoever violates this section is guilty of using weapons while intoxicated, a misdemeanor of the first degree. Effective Date: 01-01-1974. Thus this would fall to “under the influence” definition shared with ovi statutes. All this said, if this were a self defense situation that were you not impaired would be legally defensible, it is unlikely it would be a large consideration. Regardless, prosecution would need “prove” your impaired-ness .  Affirmative defenses to murder charges (like this) are very fact specific. It would depend on the situation involved and whether or not it was determined to be justifiable self defense. When you raise an affirmative defense like Castle Doctrine, there's usually an evidentiary hearing for it and the defendant has to present evidence to prove their defense.   All cases are circumstances. Much would turn on whom you shot and what the circumstances are. If you shoot a legitimate intruder after drinking, you might still successfully raise the defense, but your judgment and thought process would obviously be subject to arguments in litigation (as they always are). Burden of proof is on the accuser. They have to prove that you weren’t justified in self defense. Inebriated self defense is still self defense. 