 I'm on mobile and tired so I'll keep this brief. After my last fiasco with an ex-workplace I got a job at a small hole in the wall pizza place in Utah. I am one of two employees, I usually work the front counter and kitchen, rarely deliveries. The two owners also work almost every day alongside me and/or the other employee. I have been working there for around 5 months. We use the square POS and it has a tip option right before the customer signs where they can choose to tip. Lately the bills have been tight so at the beginning of December due to the holidays I asked my boss (#1) if I could start taking tips (turning the screen around and having them choose if they want to tip or not) he said, "that's totally fine." So I did that for basically the whole month assuming the whole time that I would be receiving them (splitting if the other guy was working). I made pretty good tips due to the season, and was excited to be able to pay all my bills. I was putting in a ton more effort than usual to be super accommodating and have amazing service. Well today I went into work and received a couple of big tips after which I told my boss (#2) that the receipts under the printer we're mine (I save them to count up tips to report them and such). My other boss took the receipts and put them away asking why I kept them. I told him it was to report the tips (like we do with deliveries) and he told me back that I don't get to keep the card tips from the POS saying that they were his and boss #1s. When I confronted boss #1 about this he explained that since they worked there too they got they kept all the card tips and I got the cash tips (there is mabey 1-2$ in the jar per day). He basically used a bunch of seemingly BS answers about how it was to cover costs and whatever, but it just doesn't seem right. I was the one who took the tips but they kept them? I thought that owners couldn't take tips. I guess I am just confused and frustrated that I have been going out of my way to get these and all of the money went straight into my bosses' pockets. Are they in the wrong legally? It does not matter if they help with an order or customer. Owners and management are not tipped employees under the law, and are not entitled to claim any portion of them. They also may not invent schemes where hourly employees are only entitled to cash tips and keep the rest; any tips accepted must be given to the employees. The DoL can help you claim your wages. Please do not be afraid of filing a claim and asserting your rights. It is unbelievably common for employees in situations like this (which, sadly, is also unbelievably common in foodservice due to low profit margins and lofty pipe dreams) to not want to file a claim out of fear of getting in trouble at work, or to be thought of as a troublemaker. You are not doing anything wrong for wanting to be paid the wages you earn. It is illegal for your employer to be doing this; and it is illegal for them to retaliate against you for asserting your rights. You, not them, have both the law and the upper hand working for you here; you just need to take a deep breath and file the claim without worrying about their reaction. Of course, do not be afraid to ask us questions as things progress. Best of luck.  Thank you! This helps a lot. One more question, does this count if they help with the order? Usually I take the orders and then they help me make them does that entitle them to the tips at all? Your bosses are legally prohibited from taking any of your tips if they are owners or management. Contact the Utah department of labor and file a wage claim for any unpaid tips. They may not fire or discipline you in retaliation for filing a wage claim, or even you saying "it is not legal for you to take the tips; please reimburse me in full next paycheck or I will file a claim with DoL." The DoL in Utah does have some funds procedural rules where I believe an employee must submit a written request for the unpaid wages (tips as well,) which is why I mention this. If they screw up more and fire you, then you have remedy in court for wrongful termination. 