 At my current job we start the year with a lump sum of PTO, free to use through out the year, but only actually “earning it” over time. Right away in the month of January this was nice as I took a vacation away from MN winter to Hawaii. Now, just recently I became sick with the flu and ended up using 5 more days PTO. (There’s no option to just not get paid). Anyways, for a few months this I have been looking for new employment due to personal reasons, but since it’s only the end of February I have not “earned” all the PTO I have used so far this year, and would therefore have to pay it back and time of termination. Am I legally allowed to “pay back” this paid time off during my employment through paycheck deductions in order to lessen the amount I would owe at resignation? Am I expected to pay the total in one payment? I’m increasingly ready for new employment as this job is wearing on me mentally and emotionally to a point where I’ve sought a counselor. I need a leave this job, but cannot payback PTO used already at once. Can I request to have money taken out of paychecks to payback over time and reduce my time of employment left here?  You mentioned having your employer taking out a portion of what you owe over time, so why not do that yourself? Figure out what exactly you owe, what you can afford to deduct from your pay, and set aside that amount from each paycheck. That way you don't need to let them know you're leaving until you're ready and have another job lined up, and you'll have the money for the lump sum payment. Alternatively... I'm not a lawyer, but I've been a debtor. My assumption is that this is like any other debt. Aside from taking your entire final check, they can only bill you for the balance. If you make reasonable payments, you should be able to pay it off within the year. I would be surprised if they bothered suing you if you're obviously paying it off.  It states that the negative balance of PTO is to be paid by either check or deduction from last paycheck... neither of which I could do in one lump sum. Is there any wording in the employee manual about what happens in cases of negative balances at termination? I really appreciate this idea, however I’m not sure it’s realistic for me to be getting a salaried job due to my experience/education levels, even though I’m almost 30. Yup, and you can also leverage offers against each other to avoid providing details. If you get two offers for 55k, you can tell one of them that the other company is offering a signing bonus and that would go really far with helping you transition to the new position, ask if they would match it. Best of luck! Oh good to know, I could leverage what I owe through a new employer/sign on bonus. Good angle thanks.  This goes out of my knowledge so I hope someone else can answer the legal aspects but you should also know that the markets favor employees right now. If you owe a thousand or something like that you can mention during the offer stage that you will require a thousand up front, they can phrase it as a signing bonus or pay advance. In my experience no company has a problem with this when hiring salary, just dont share too many details. I had a company issue me a 5 thousand dollar signing bonus to cover moving expenses and a lease buyout when I got a 55k job a long time ago.