 Arizona Hello - one more post for my sis to close the year out. I'm on mobile - please forgive any grammatical errors. And it might be long. Okay, so basically landlord is giving sister and her husband until January 1 to pay $1600 or he wants them out by January 2, as he said (all I writing) he is going to begin renovating the unit for the next tenant. He said he will change locks close of business on January 1. I know, being a faithful reader of all things r/legaladvice that he legally can't do this and must begin the formal eviction process, which would give them 30 days to vacate. (Right? ) But he already put a tow sticker on their truck. Is this legal? If he has to formally evict them, could he legally have their truck towed if it's in the unit's spot before they're out of there? Also, I know it's pointless now where my sister and Co. are concerned, but they have one room in their unit that has (and has had) black mold. They addressed it in writing to the landlord but all he asked them to do was spray bleach water on the ceiling and wall. Which of course, did nothing. Is it worth filing a complaint with whatever agency deals with this in AZ? The guy is a slumlord and I have no doubt he would just paint over it until he got the next tenants in there? Would filing a complaint even ensure he would fix such a hazard? Any constructive advice is appreciated, as always.  Thank you for this. I read it over and passed it on to my sister. I might be back for clarification.  [Look this over.]() He needs to give them a five-day notice to pay, and then file the eviction lawsuit. [This section]() covers what he's allowed and not allowed to do with their property. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.