 I work for a large company as an SCA employee. My main shift is an overnight shift. In the past, I have always recorded my hours according to the days that I actually worked them. For example, if I had a Monday shift that lasted from Monday 6pm until Tuesday 6:30am, then I recorded 6 hours for Monday (6pm - 12am) and 6 hours for Tuesday (12am - 6:30am, minus a lunch period). I have a new manager and they are not allowing me to submit my timesheets this way anymore. (Which is going to cause me significant financial distress, because they simply rejected my timesheets rather than calling me, making me miss a cutoff.) They want me to record my hours on the days that the shift begins, so the same shift described above would be recorded as 12 hours on a Monday only. Is it legal for companies to require timekeeping to be recorded this way? I realize that I will still get 40 hours a week, and we do not get paid for holidays anymore; however, I do see how it could rob me of OT under certain circumstances. Their argument is most certainly going to be, "It doesn't matter, so do it anyway, it's simpler." I also just don't feel comfortable logging hours on days that I didn't actually work them, and not logging hours for days when I certainly was here.  I'm pretty sure this violates both FLSA and CA law. [US Department of Labor](): Fact Sheet #21: Recordkeeping Requirements under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) Time and day of week when employee's workweek begins. (#5) Hours worked each day. (#6) Total hours worked each workweek. (#7) ALSO : Employers may use any timekeeping method they choose. For example, they may use a time clock, have a timekeeper keep track of employee's work hours, or tell their workers to write their own times on the records. Any timekeeping plan is acceptable as long as it is complete and accurate. AND : Many employees work on a fixed schedule from which they seldom vary. The employer may keep a record showing the exact schedule of daily and weekly hours and merely indicate that the worker did follow the schedule. When a worker is on a job for a longer or shorter period of time than the schedule shows, the employer must record the number of hours the worker actually worked, on an exception basis. Call 1-866-4USWAGE (1-866-487-9243) from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm in your time zone. EDIT: I realized after I wrote this that you may have meant Louisiana, so I'll look up those statutes if I can. For anyone from California, I'll leave this here in case you ever need the info. Louisiana info added. [Louisiana State Legislature](http://legis.la.gov/Legis/Law.aspx?d=83536) RS 23:14 ยง14. Employers to furnish information; keeping of records . Every employer shall keep a true and accurate record of the name, address, and occupation of each person employed by him, of the daily and weekly hours worked by, and of the wages paid each pay period to each employee. These records shall be kept on file for at least one year after the date of the record. Louisiana doesn't seem to have an office where you can ask about labor violations. I'd recommend that you call the US DOL (listed above) for questions and help. The [California Wage Orders](): 7. Records. : Time records showing when the employee begins and ends each work period. Meal periods, split shift intervals and total daily hours worked shall also be recorded. Meal periods during which operations cease and authorized rest periods need not be recorded. Call a Deputy Labor Commissioner at your local [Division of Labor Standards Enforcement](http://www.dir.ca.gov/dlse/DistrictOffices.htm) office. Their hours are 8:00 am to 5:00 pm with the exception of a couple of offices. Division of Labor Standards Enforcement Los Angeles 320 W. Fourth Street, Suite 450 Los Angeles, CA 90013 (213) 620-6330 DLSE2@dir.ca.gov (&lt;-- general information email address) As long as you are paid for hours worked they can ask you do do it however they want. I also work overnights and we dont rotate the day till 7 am. 