 Hello all, Sorry if I dont do this correctly but this is my first post and I'm kind of freaking out. Back in late Septemeber of 2018 I got into a car accident while under the influence of alcohol. I was driving around 3 A.M. and I swerved to avoid hitting a small animal. I ended up going straight into a tree and busted myself up really good. Immediately after, the city police shows up and immediately ask for my I.D. and they call the state police because apparently they're the ones that handle DUI's in the state of CA. The state police shows up and they take me to the hospital to see that I'm ok to go to jail. During that time, the police and I start conversing and it comes out that I was in the military. We start having a conversation and one of the 2 officers mentions that he has been on the clock for almost 24 hours (I'm not sure of the time). The superior officer immediately freaks out and steps outside to call his chief. He comes back and tell us that they have to go. He tells me that I am lucky that his chief is in the military and that they're letting me go and they take off. Today I got back from a week long trip for new years and I got a letter saying that a warrant has been issued for my arrest. The warrant issue date is 20 November 2018. It tells me to appear by court to avoid arrest but to bring a cashier's check to post bail. My question is, am I going to be arrested for a long period of time? The violations are driving under the influence of alcohol and driving with B.A. of .08 percent or more. Thank you Do not evade the police. Contact a lawyer and they will likely go with you to the police station. You might not even spend a single minute in a cell. You need to hire a criminal defense attorney today. Bail will be set by the court at your arraignment. It sounds as though you may be “arrested” but immediately allowed to post bail. You should speak with your attorney about the matter, but from what you’ve described it isn’t really clear that you’re going to spend any time in jail over this. Unless perhaps after your trial if you have multiple DUIs or something.