 I'm writing this on behalf of a friend and her service dog. (Note: Not an emotional support animal) My friend has a service dog and she attends a major state university. The university has taken her service dog from her while in meetings, asked her to either move out of housing or kennel her dog, and other things clearly against the ADA. However, recently she has been told that her dog can only pee in certain areas. She always makes sure to remove solid waste and that her dog pees off the main paths. However, these certain areas that they now want her to use are out of the way. The two closest of them are up to a 15 minute walk depending on where she is (even longer if she's on the top floor of a building). Are there any regulations that prohibit this? He's actually a dogo argentino, not a pit bull. People do confuse the two very often. Although it's invisible, it's still a disability due to some very unfortunate life circumstances. Hopefully the ADA will be able to help her and others like her in the future. Your comments make everything add up. She has an invisible disability and a bully breed to assist her. I hope that she can find someone at the ada to help her make this right with the university. She's paving a new path. He's a psychiatric service dog. Cool. What is the dog trained to do? File a complaint with the DOJ and with the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights. They will investigate the educational side of the complaint. The reason I recommend filing with OCR as well is because if they are pulling this stunt with a service dog who knows what other stunts they are pulling with disability related issues. If they find more ADA related issues then they will let the DOJ know, but they can also fine the school and possibly yank some of their funding. []() Oh, suddenly I understand why she's getting so much pushback. He looks like a pitbull and everybody has a damn problem with dogs that look like bully breeds. (I don't.) The ADA's online form you have to kind of bullet-point complaints because there's a character limit, but after she does that she should start collecting any proof she has, like emails, even texts she sent to you or someone else after incidents. Her own testimony is valid, but anything to back it up will be good. Times and dates of meetings, phone calls, etc. Any expenses she had to incur trying to work with these people... I have a service dog myself. My hackles go right up when anybody starts pulling this BS.  Thank you! [Dog tax]() Yes. They wanted her to not live with him from November of last year until May of this year. I'll have her reach out to the ADA and have them help her out! Thanks for your help! Here's the [dog tax]() of Cerb. (He's a dogo argentino.) Yeah, that’s a problem. u/sevendaysky has the right idea.  The reason why there isn't anything more solid is because it's such a gray area. There's usually some give and take when it comes to figuring these things out. When I had my SD at a community college, they wanted me to just not relieve him within about 20 feet of a building entrance and clean up solids. That worked out fine for me, but I'm also physically mobile. They may have made a different agreement for someone in a wheelchair, for example. The other things are absolutely not OK. And by kennel dog are you saying to kennel it OFF campus? If so, that's SUPER not ok. And since she's already tried to go through disability services and they're pulling this BS, go straight to the ADA complaint. The ADA folks will straighten them out.  The disability services office is the one who asked her to kennel her dog because someone in the building didn't like dogs. I was hoping there would be something more solid other than "reasonable accommodations". I'll talk to her about the complaint form with the ADA. The disability services office is the one who asked her to kennel her dog because someone in the building didn't like dogs. That's why I was looking to see if there was anything solid regarding this that she could point to in a complaint. The ADA only says reasonable accommodations. That's kind of a nebulous thing, but given all the other things you've mentioned, the friend needs to call the university on their BS, because that is not acceptable. No matter who this stuff is coming from, she needs to file a complaint () ASAP. Especially if this is coming from supposed student services. If this is not student services and they aren't aware of the violations, they need to be informed immediately and asked to curb the problem. She'll still likely need to file the complaint anyway. That seems... problematic. Has she spoken with the ADA compliance/ADA coordinator’s office at her university yet? Or are these directives coming from that office?