 Hi r/legaladvice, What state - is an issue because the company is based in Kansas, but most employees are remote. I am in Oklahoma. I work in IT support, and I want to know if my employers oncall policy is legal. We are salary. Our oncall work is in-addition-to our regular work week. We work our regular shift + oncall. Each tech has 7 days of oncall every 3 months. (around 28 days per year, give or take) Just to illustrate the hours: A Week = 7 days = 168 hours Regular work week = somewhere around 40+ hours. Work = 40 hrs \+ Personal = 128 hrs = 168 hrs (1 week) A regular oncall week, with no holidays: 76 hours of oncall \+40+ hours of regular work = \~116 work hours = \~52 personal hours Sometimes the oncall hours increase during holidays. A holiday oncall week example: 91 hours of oncall \+40+ hours of regular work = \~131 work hours = \~37 personal hours - I have 37 hours in a week to myself. 5.285 hours per day that are "my time" everything else is "reserved for work time" or "regular shift time". In the past we have not been paid anything extra for our oncall work. A few months ago the company decided to start adding a bonus of a few hundred dollars for the week of oncall. The bonus translates into around 12 hours of pay to cover the regular 76 hours of on call. This year I will have worked around 340 hours of oncall. The working details - Oncall is literally just after hours calls. Our office is open 15 hours per week-day, and 8 hours per weekend-day. Our employer markets our service as 24/7 support. After hours calls are not filtered in any way - they are not emergencies or anything like that - they are just normal calls. Our clients believe we are open 24/7. The oncall tech has to be available to return a call to a client with 15 minutes of receiving the oncall notification. We cannot do anything personal during oncall that would prevent us from meeting the 15 minute call back window. IE: I can't go more than 15 minutes away from my home office. As an example. My shift is 8-4:30pm Monday through Friday. Wednesday I end my regular shift at 4:30pm. I begin oncall at 9pm Wednesday night and it ends at 6am Thursday morning. And then I start my regular shift at 8am and work until 4:30pm. And so on. If we are up all night taking calls - it doesn't mater, we still have to work our regular schedule the next day. I just worked 33 hours straight because my oncall shift fell on a holiday. I took 37 calls during that time. Some are only 15 minutes long, but some last over an hour. I managed to sleep 2 times, for 2 hours each during that period before being interrupted by another call. The argument from management is "well you might not get any calls" - but this is very rarely the case (maybe 1 day of oncall you might only have 5 calls, but that is very unusual, usually is 10-12 calls per night, sometimes 20 or more, sometimes in actual emergencies it might be 50) and there is nothing in place to protect us from just getting bombarded with constant calls. I know all of this sounds horrible, but I don't know if it's illegal. I'm not a lawyer and won't pretend to be, but these working conditions sound like they may be illegal practices for even a salary employees. Hopefully you get out of the situation sooner than later.  Are there any other exemptions that I should look at that you know of? Are there any other exemptions I should look at that you know of? I don't think the Exemption description matches my job duties. The description seems like it applies to developers only. \ \ : \ • The employee must be compensated either on a salary or fee basis at a rate not less than $455\ per week or, if compensated on an hourly basis, at a rate not less than $27.63 an hour; I make just above this amount, but a lot of my peers do not. \ • The employee must be employed as a computer systems analyst, computer programmer, software engineer or other similarly skilled worker in the computer field performing the duties described below; We are not analysts, programmers, or software engineers. This is helpdesk tech support. Reset passwords, install printers, etc. \ • The employee’s primary duty must consist of: \ determine hardware, software or system functional specifications; System are speced and ordered by management. We ask users if they need a 10 key numb pad on their laptop before we forward their hardware request, but we're not involved in deciding what equipment or order anything like that. \ specifications; We are no involved in design or development of computer systems or programs in any way. \ machine operating systems; or Same. \ None of this sounds like tech support to me it sound like R D.  Your exempt (salaried, non-overtime) status is likely legal, as long as you are making at least $455 per week. There is no limit to the # of consecutive hours your employer can ask you to work. 