 Guy on instagram outed my brother as being bi/gay and private messaged me with screenshots of their conversations ^^ I made a post on r/OffMyChest desciribing the whole story but long story short: My brother hit a guy up on a gay dating app and for whatever reason, the dude is private messaging all of our family members and his closest friends to fuck with him. My sister and I have since met up with him to talk about it, since we had no clue he was bi/gay, and he is extremely bummed and shook up from the whole thing. The guy is sending the people involved screenshots of their conversations of flirting and is claiming the reason for messaging family members and friends is because he "wants my brother to stop contacting him." I started arguing with the dude and lashing out on him through instagram because I knew that wasn't the reason, and when I asked him why is it his place to decide whether or not someone comes out, he responded with "because I like having power and control over people's lives." So it's obviously just someone getting some sick satisfaction out of cyber bulling and tormenting someone's life. My brother has had a history of depression and has mentioned suicidal thoughts before. He's been talking about wanting to get away from it all and I'm kind of worried about how he'll react as this goes on. My father is old-school and has made homophobic remarks and jokes before and I don't want it to come to a place where everyone he knows finds out about this. I was looking into cyberbulling laws but am uniformed when it comes to legal matters, is it reasonable to contact the police about this? Is there anything I can do to get involved and help? I really appreciate any advice, thanks for reading if you got this far. Maybe you can report this person to Instagram, and check with your brother the privacy settings of his social accounts (Instagram/Facebook, LinkedIn...). Also check yours - you do not want this person to start contacting your own friends and contacts. When you receive these messages, bear in mind they may be fake, or a mix of truth and lies for increased deception. Do not believe anything this person tells you, he does not have your or your brother best interests at heart. You said your brothers' friends are cool with things. Could you quietly ask them if they can let him crash at their place for a couple days if shit hits the fan?  Things that please me about this sentence: Your brother having good friends Imagining the look on the human hemorrhoid's face when he learns that everyone he contacted thinks that he's the villain of this story.  I figured that there may not be much legal substance for us to leverage as he hasn't blackmailed him yet. Thanks for the advice though, I'll look into that. Thanks for the nice sentiment. We've told him it doesn't change our view about him and we couldn't care less about what his preference is, that we're there for him every step of the way. And any of his friends that have been messaged told him the same thing. I guess he's just still in his head about it and never planned on telling anyone. Hopefully it'll all blow over soon.  I can't offer legal advice beyond contacting the police, but I'm glad your brother is facing this with the support and love of his family. I really hope that the only outcome of this situation is that your brother discovers that no one contacted cares one bit about his sexuality, and still see him exactly the same way as they had beforehand. It's not illegal to out someone as gay, unfortunately. I say that as a gay person. This may cross the line into harrassment, but the outing itself isn't a legal issue, definitely not a criminal one. I would encourage him to go to the police seeking some kind of no contact order if he meets the criteria for one. 