 TLDR Sold a piece of musical gear to a buyer who is unhappy and demanding a refund without due process, is threatening to sue me. I’m located in Ontario, and sold a piece of musical gear to a buyer in South Carolina. The sale is worth $1300usd including the shipping. I’ll try and lay this out as simply as possible. - The buyer claimed there were technical issues with the item when it was received, immediately demanded a refund and a prepaid label to ship it back, with a threatening and disagreeable tone. - I don’t do refunds except in a case where the item was not as described. The item was inspected (and documented) immediately prior to shipping, so pursuant to opening a claim, I requested his own documentation of the issue, which was not supplied. The buyer continued to be threatening and left me negative feedback on the site. - we both independently got the support team of the marketplace involved, they have opened some kind of investigation but will not share the correspondence with the other party. They advised me not to message the buyer while they conduct their investigation. The will not remove or mute the negative feedback. - the buyer has just now sent me a message claiming another separate issue with the item and a photo to support this. This claim seems to be falsified, as the photos in the item’s listing show very clearly that the issue was not present when it was sold. He has now told me that he has already spoken with his attorney and he will sue me if I have not refunded him by Dec 31. Can he sue me / is this a realistic threat I should be concerned with? Thank you You will win that anyway if he does sue. You have a refund policy and you had documentation.  If he had a legit claim then he would have confidence that the site used would side with him in the claim. The threats of a lawsuit are empty. Forward all new messages to the support contact you have for the site. He got an attorney prepared to pursue you over $1300 internationally? Heh. No. Ignore and move on.  Used goods are generally sold as-is unless the seller makes more specific representations about the condition of the goods, other than a few specific exceptions (professional used car lots are a common one). Even barring that, someone in South Carolina is going to have a hard time establishing jurisdiction unless they sue you in Ontario's small claims system - something they're not likely to bother with, as the travel and accommodation costs are higher than what they could hope to recover. Block and move on.