 Before I begin, a little bit of background about this: 1. I’m 19. 2. I make 7.50 an hour, paid bi-weekly (every other Friday). 3. I live in Mississippi. 4. My job is at two locally owned hotels (both by the same owner). 5. I have had this job for five, going on six months. So, as stated above, I work at a couple of hotels. Of course, I will refrain from saying the names of them considering I am still currently employed with them. I think they are partaking in illegal business practices, but I can’t afford a lawyer, and I don’t know too much about business laws/employment laws to know if I can sue or what I can do about this. But yes, it is affecting me negatively and personally. If it wasn’t, I wouldn’t be as concerned. When I was looking for a job back in July, a friend of mine talked me up to the owner of these hotels. I got a call for an interview, so I accepted. The interview already threw up a ton of red flags, but I needed the job. My mom told me as well that some of the things I was asked were illegal in themselves. I was asked basic questions like, “Where did you work before, why did you leave, can you work these hours and accept this pay” all of which I complied to. I was then asked if I had children. I said no, and they said something along the lines of, “Oh, okay. Sometimes we hire people who have children, and they cannot work our hours.” My mom told me that was illegal of them to ask, as if they were basing my employment on whether or not I had kids. I accepted the job anyway and was told to come back later in the day for training. I was not paid for three-five hours of training. I was even told they don’t pay for training because people ended up not coming back to the job after training. My mom also said that was illegal, and that one I knew. Things were fine, I suppose for a few months. Nothing out of the ordinary. But I picked up on a couple of things the owners would do. I’m not sure if this is illegal, but they would rent rooms out “off the books.” No name or ID, both of which I was told were required. And they were cash only. There was only one specific room they would rent out for off the books customers. I believe mostly prostitution went down in there, and I think the owners knew this. But I can’t prove that. There are reviews of this hotel though, stating that prostitutes would be walking around the premises. And I believe I met one once, but like I said, I can’t prove what was going on. Also, while it isn’t illegal (or maybe it is), my owners would be very racist and discriminatory. I was told to not rent out “nice” rooms to black people. To put them in the back rooms. Unless they were “good black person.” This was also said by the manager at the other hotel of theirs I began working at a few months later when I needed more hours. One day on my drive to work, I saw a homeless man walking down the interstate. He later happened to come into the place for a room. He gave me all the money he had (which was ten dollars short of our normal price), so I rented the room to him anyway. This room ended up being a “nice” room as well (which I wasn’t aware of), and I was yelled at for renting it to a homeless man because they were concerned he would steal the blankets. This incident, I think is illegal: when I came into work one day, the owner’s wife counted the cash drawer while I put my time in. I had done all transactions that day correctly, and didn’t miscount. I think she miscounted herself, but I was at fault for not counting after her. One of the few times I hadn’t. The drawer ended up being ten dollars short. She had no proof I took it, and I didn’t, but she took money out of my next paycheck for the shortage. This I don’t know if it’s illegal or not: when I was hired, I was told to barter room prices even though there are set ones. If someone looked more wealthy, I was to charge them five dollars more than normal. If someone couldn’t afford the price or thought the price was something else, I could charge them five dollars cheaper. I don’t think discounting a room is illegal, but is charging someone more because they look wealthy illegal? (I never followed through with that side of the rule.) A few months later, October I think, I got a call from one of the hotels I had applied to back in July. I had an interview with them, so I went because I was tired of working for these people. It turned out, the owner or manager (not sure which) of the hotel that called me, knew my bosses. I had gone to work the following Monday, and the owner’s wife started yelling at me. She forced me to say I wasn’t going to take another job because she needed me to work this December for her vacation. I tried to avoid that by saying I wasn’t sure yet, but she stared me down by saying, “What you going to do?!” Over and over. So I told her I wouldn’t take the job. I also believe whenever that owner of the hiring hotel called my job, my bosses told them not to hire me. Another time, a woman had come into work looking for a job, and the owner’s wife hired her on the spot. The woman didn’t come into work one day, so the wife had me call the woman from MY PHONE to find out where she is. When she didn’t answer, I had to walk over to her second job to see if she was there and ask her why she didn’t show up. I was told to walk off property while on the clock. Isn’t this a liability thing..? Also, is it illegal to be told to basically harass another employee about their whereabouts? Luckily, she wasn’t there, so I didn’t have to deal with it anymore. The most recent thing that I can recall happened this month: The owners went on vacation for a few weeks, so I was working almost every single day. The first few days of them gone, my coworker noticed we were paid a week early. We thought it was a Christmas bonus (our bonus ended up being a 15 dollar gift card to Walmart), but the manager at the other hotel told him it was our paycheck, it was just early. So we wouldn’t be getting paid again until the 28th. I have direct deposit set up. The 28th rolls around.. and no pay. I finally get a paper check today, the 31st. I’m not sure why the payment was delayed. A few more just annoying tidbits about working for them: I’ve worked every holiday. Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year’s Eve (and also tomorrow, New Year’s Day). They tried to get me to come in on Christmas Eve, but I didn’t answer the phone. The manager at the second hotel of their’s called me fat and asked me where I go to church (I’m not religious, and I’m not sure if it’s illegal or not to be asked that by a manager). They call me every single day, either to make sure I’m still going into work or to call me into work for only two hours so they can cook dinner (they have a housing area attached to the office). And they either make me work a double shift if someone doesn’t show up (they literally say “you have to”), or they send me home early on my shifts every time I work. —TLDR: I think my bosses are participating in illegal business practices that are affecting me personally, but I don’t have concrete proof, can’t afford a lawyer, and don’t know much about business laws to take action. What do now?  That's fine. You can block me.  Okay. You’ve used the phrase “workplace drama” three or four times now, and frankly, it’s kind of annoying. I can understand if this stuff isn’t illegal, but I don’t think it’s fair to pass it off as just “drama”. I worked in a place prior to this where things happened that were actually considered drama (sex, relationships, people getting fired, gossips/rumors, etc.) and I don’t think it compares at all. There’s a difference between drama and treating people maliciously, refusing pay, harassing them, and exhausting them. Unless I missed the post where you’re a lawyer or a professional, I think you aren’t qualified to just deem something as “drama” versus poor or even possibly illegal business habits.  Yes. People post workplace drama here everyday thinking it's illegal, but it's not.  Typical? I've never had a job where any of this stuff happens. Looks like you have given great advice, my friend.  Bad advice. Stop talking.  What do you think is criminal here? I work with many law offices. And finding a lawyer that will take it pro bono is not hard. You keep asking and expressing but with this being illegal I would go to the DA office.  The only thing you wrote that is illegal is not being paid for training. You may file a wage complaint with your state department of labor. Everything else is just typical workplace drama.  No lawyer will do "pro Bono" for this. Pro bono is typically taken on by lawyers free of charge because they believe civil rights are being violated and the case is a high profile one. This is neither.   'd contact local law offices. With something similar to the above. But shorter only focusing on things that could be illegal. A lawyer could take it up Pro Bono. For what? 've worked a few hotel jobs. They all have sketchy buisness. Baseless. I'd contact local law offices. With something similar to the above. But shorter only focusing on things that could be illegal. A lawyer could take it up Pro Bono. Otherwise I would quit the job and look elsewhere. I've worked a few hotel jobs. They all have sketchy buisness. 