 I am currently trying to fight down a first degree manslaughter charge. My attorney met with the prosecutor to discuss reducing the charge to manslaughter in the second degree, and the prosecutor has asked for mitigation in order to consider reducing the charge. It was my understanding that mitigation was the job of the attorney, however my attorney has told me that I will need to cough up an addition $2-3K to have a third party mitigate on my behalf. I am already paying $15K+ to have this case handled by this attorney. It feels a bit like I am being duped. It seems to me that either my attorney is asking for additional money to do something that typically would be included in the cost of hiring the attorney to represent me, or that they are incompetent or inexperienced and are farming out their leg work to another attorney and charging me for it. Am I wrong, or misinformed? Is it typical for a criminal defense attorney to farm out their work like this? Should I be looking for another attorney?  2 things: 1-If it's coming from a neutral third party, your attorney may think the prosecutor will give it more weight. 2-The 3rd party may charge less per hour than your attorney does, so he is saving you money. You can certainly talk to your attorney about why he thinks you should hire an outside person. From what my attorney explained to me, they want to bring in somebody to interview me, my friends and family, and anybody else I know that would be a good judge of character in order to put together a mitigation file explaining to the prosecutor why I should not be charged in the first degree.  It sounds like your attorney wants to hire an expert witness to testify (or provide some form of evidence to the prosecutor to reach a plea deal) on your behalf. You are almost certainly responsible for the cost of an expert witness. That should be specified in your retainer agreement. If what the prosecutor wants is testimony or evidence, then that is not the attorney's job.  If you don’t understand the reason they are adding to the bill, ask. Likely they think they need another attorney from outside the firm to help with the negotiation, which would be reasonable and would require your preapproval. But that’s just a guess, ask them to explain it more and see what they say.