 I already allowed the insurance to disclose my limits last year, but I got a letter from their attorney for a Policy Limits Demand. For one, the demand letter has facts that are incorrect regarding the accident. "High speed" is stated with no condition of the traffic. It was rush hour bumper to bumper LA traffic that only $2000 in damages were done to the vehicle (fender bender at low speed) The people involved in the accident only accrued $10k and less than $5k in medical bills, mostly at a chiropractor. My limits are in the 6 figures and have already been disclosed to the other insurance company. I presume, they went to a 3rd party attorney to milk more out of it. Those medical bills are from x rays and typical chiropractor stuff like massage and adjustments. They are demanding that the full limit of my policy be paid out. Which is ridiculous. That is nowhere near the cost of what the accident has caused. I'd expect that from a collision involving major damage like broken bones, heavy bruising, and loss of consciousness. Which none has occurred. If anything, they would be assigned to a pain specialist and physical therapist if it really was an issue. What are the implications with me signing ot not signing this letter? Ya just let them handle it. I wouldn't lose any sleep about it  The insurance claims guy actually laughed as he read the letter. If that says anything. He agrees with my thoughts that they are reaching way too far. That these cases generally get resolved with a few thousand dollars.  This is really up to your insurance company. If they agree to offer policy limits, then that should be the end of it. Chances are, however, that they won't. This is just the initial demand letter. Your insurance company simply sent you the letter so you are aware of what is going on. As far as incorrect facts, these are things that will be disputed if you go to trial. It is also possible that the lawyer on the case for the other side (or more likely one of the staff members) took a draft of a demand letter from another case, altered it, and messed up to edit it properly. There may be facts from another accident in the letter. Don't stress about it. I know it is hard not to, but really, just let your insurance company handle it. As far as signing the letter, your insurance company should have assigned you an attorney. This is one of the reasons you pay for insurance. Call the attorney and ask. Also, let the attorney know about the problems with the letter. You can be certain the attorney is already aware, but it doesn't hurt to mention it. If they haven't assigned you an attorney, call the adjuster on the case and ask if they expected you to sign anything or just were sending the letter for your information.  What did your insurance say? Do they think it's in your best interest to sign? If so then follow their instructions, believe it or not they don't want to over pay a claim but they also really don't want to go to court with the potential to have you sued for more when they could have settled it for limits. There is a lot that plays into if a settlement should be accepted or fought and people on Reddit aren't going to have enough info. I work in insurance btw. In CA as well  If you were comfortable sharing your limit info with the other insurer, you should be OK sharing it with their attorney. However, I don't know if there's any reason to do so here. However this letter was forwarded to me by my insurance. It wasn't directly sent to me. I really don't want to get an attorney as the one that sent the letter seems pretty incompetent for citing laws that have no relevance to the case.  Ask your insurance. Don't sign anything sent to you by the atty. Send it to your insurance and let them respond. Dont sign ANYTHING. Contact your insurance immediately and inform them of what is going on. You pay them to handle this kind of thing. Let their lawyers deal with it.