 I would like to preface this by acknowledging these counts will be difficult, if not impossible, to fight. I am aiming for advice on rescheduling my court date and finding a lawyer. At ~3:00 on New Year's Eve, I was leaving Sourland Mountain Preserve and scraped into a rock side wall, destroying a tire and damaging the wheel. It was raining and my windows were fogged up, decreasing my visibility significantly. I acknowledge that this is entirely my fault. I pulled the car over and called AAA, but they were not able to arrive within 2 hours and I wanted to get myself and my friends home, so I left the car there and went home. At 9:00, after being rather uncertain about what to do, I called the Hillsborough PD to notify them about the car, hence the failure to report accident in timely manner and abandoning vehicle counts. I tried to explain that I was trying to have the vehicle towed, but the officer at the scene claimed that due to the damage to the car, the PD would have to tow and impound the vehicle themselves. My main issue is that I have to appear at court on 1/15/19, but my college in California restarts 1/8/19. Will the court be willing to reschedule my hearing for my spring break, starting 3/23/19, or will I have to miss classes? Additionally, advice on finding a lawyer would be greatly appreciated; I read on the sidebar that there is information on this topic on the wiki, but I've had difficulty finding it. Again, I fully understand that the tickets are deserved; I included the details regarding them in the off chance someone better at law than I am can tell me ways to avoid points on my insurance or something else. Please let me know if I am missing any details. I got a referral, thanks for the information! Go here: , find the county it happened in, and look for something like 'find a lawyer' or 'refferals'. Anyone representing themselves as an attorney in mailers sent to you should be a licensed attorney. You can double check with the bar association. Most will offer a free consultation so you can ask questions and decide if you want to hire them/they will take your case.  Thanks for the info! Are ads in the mail usually trustworthy? By "contact your state's bar association," do you advise calling the number at the bottom of [this website]() and asking for lawyer recommendations? I apologize for asking these basic questions, I just have no experience with this type of thing and am probably overreacting. You can contact your state's bar association to find a lawyer. You will probably start getting ads from lawyers in the mail soon as well. 