 2 years ago, I had dated a girl for 5 months total. The relationship was pretty abusive towards myself. (For the record, at this point in time I was 18M and she was 18F). It went from normal to plenty of manipulation. She had a lot, a lot, of mental issues and it definitely impacted things. After the first few months suicide threats turned to her literally, and I wish I was making this up, carrying a noose around with her to remind her that she'd kill herself if I left her. I'm not making this shit up, she carried a noose around in her backpack, with it hanging out, and anytime I tried to talk to her about how bad our relationship was she'd take it out and said she would walk outside and her herself on a tree immediately. (She even had a fucking suicide note at the ready). Well, after about 2 months of this I said enough, told her I'm not doing this anymore and walked out. 2 years later I've still been dealing with it. I'm doing NoContact (Block every account, block every phone number, make no effect to contact obviously, and completely ignore her if I see her). From new phone numbers, to letters, to following me to the gym and around campus, and suddenly joining clubs I'm in (Unless she suddenly got really into investing suddenly 2 weeks after I join the club). I am ignoring her as best as I can. Hell, she even tracked down my FATHERS Social Security some ungodly way. Eventually it got bad enough I had to move off campus during the semester and get an off campus place, keeping the address as hidden as possible (I had to pay for dorm/off campus place at the same time, my parents helped because of the circumstances) Now, current day. Suddenly I get a call from my campus police saying she filed an assault case against someone I don't know in the slightest, and that she says I'm a witness for it. A few days later I learn that, conveniently, the witness list is a list of my 4 closest friends AND my roommate last year. Some of them have never met her in their live. So, it's all very convenient. I've talk it over with some of my guy-friends and myself and them are thinking there's wayyyy to many coincidences. I am firm in no contact with her, and I feel like this is just a way to force me to interact or at least 'think' about her. So, is there any punishment for me if I were to just ignore all of this? I've gotten 1 call and 2 emails from the campus police asking me to come in with her and discuss what I know about it. Just to reiterate, I am listed as a witness, it is not a case against me. I want nothing, absolutely nothing, to do with this girl  Yeah, you probably should, although for this situation, that won't help you, sadly you should have contacted campus police about her years ago, the more documentation the better. I would call the campus police and tell them that you NOT a witness to anything regarding this person. And that she has been stalking you, your friends, and your family since (whenever). You may also think about letting your parents know whats going on, they may want a lawyer to accompany you.  I have considered it and I think I need to get on it. My limit is if she figured out my new address but my guy-friends and thinking I need to get something legal like a restraining order as soon as I can Something is suspicious. I personally would contact the police department, not the number that is calling you to make sure this is a real thing. Usually when questioning a witness, the person who listed you as a witness is not involved or there. And don't usually ask one to come in with that person. If it is a real issue being looked into, at this point you are not obligated to talk to the police. If you receive a subpoena, you are required to show up for court. If/when you do talk to them, tell them the truth. You can even see about getting a no contact order against her.  Did you ever file anything legal to keep her away from you, like a restraining order or anything like that?