 I understand as long as i pay rent on time, don't destroy property, or take part in illegal activities they hold no grounds to remove me. What can i do when drawing up the lease agreement to protect myself in the long run. I brought up the fact that i must be given 30 days notice prior to eviction, their retort was a month to month contract, redrawn at the first of each month. Legally what can i do in this situation given i have no means to move out on my own. Have you looked into loans or grants for housing?  Then you'd better get ahead of this and either negotiate a term lease (ensuring that you will not be evicted, if you comply with the terms, until the end of the term) or move out before you get kicked out so that you have some control over the situation. You don’t see money at the end of a lease. That’s why it’s called rent and not an investment. You have no absolute right to live in someone else’s home and can be given a 30 day notice to quit, followed by eviction proceedings, at any time during your month to month tenancy.   't destroy property, or take part in illegal activities they hold no grounds to remove me They don't need grounds to remove you. They can give you 30 days notice to vacate on a whim if they want, unless you get them to sign a long-term lease (but then you're bound to the lease as well).  All you can do is be respectful and cooperative. They don't have to let you live with them. Bingo. They offered to put the rent money in escrow, but given my family history there’s no guarantee that I’d see the money at the end of the lease. I really want out of this house but at the time being while I’m in college I have no way to do so. I very much want out of this toxic household, but I have no friends or family I could stay with. I want to finish school but right now with everything on my plate between work, college, saving for a car, paying rent, and a plethora of medical issues wrong with me I don’t see a possible way for me to get out any time soon.  IANAL but I don't think there is any way for you to secure yourself against a potential eviction--they don't have to show cause to evict you after your lease is up, so it makes good sense for them to do a month-to-month lease. This is not legal advice, but I think your best bet would be to negotiate: offer to put the rent money they want to charge you each month into a separate account that you will use after a certain period of time (6 mos? A year?) to move out on your own. I know a lot of families who have made this compromise. It forces you to save up for a deposit and rent elsewhere and gets you used to setting aside money. Which should be good for you too, because I don't know why you would want to spend a long time in a house where you aren't wanted. I’m turning 21 in July. I don’t mind paying the rent but I know if I get kicked out my life will go down the shitter If you are over the age of majority, they can refuse to renew your month to month lease and give you notice of termination. They cannot "evict" you if you don't violate your lease though. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.