 I live in the state of AZ to start. This morning when getting my kids ready for the day I heard the sounds of chainsaws and a wood chipper in front of my house. I glanced out the window and saw landscapers working away in front of my carport.(I couldn't see my front yard directly from my vantage point) I thought nothing of it since they come around fairly regularly to trim trees and the such. As I left the house for work I noticed something very strange about the front yard. It was missing our tree located in front of our house. It was gone down to a tiny stump at ground level which had then been covered by the rocks of our landscaping. I was shocked that the HOA would do this without even notifying me, the owner. While I am not overly fond of the tree, it was a rather large tree and provided shade on my house, a very important thing for those AZ summer air conditioning/electric bills. IMO it also makes the front of my house look a bit more plain with only tiny bushes and rocks left for landscaping. My big question is this, is there anything I can do? I will provide other details which I believe might be relevant. - My neighborhood has an HOA. The HOA is in charge of landscaping for all common areas(a park, basketball court, grassy areas, etc) and for the front yard landscaping in the whole neighborhood. - The HOA has done previous landscaping for homes on a large scale. They decided to purchase new gravel/rocks for everyone's front yards. However, when they did this they sent out notices to everyone of the work, details, and when the project would start. - The HOA has contacted homeowners in various ways in the past. They have left letters in mailboxes, sent out emails and even posted notices on doors. These messages varied from simple reminders about trashcan retrieval to when they are repaving roads in the neighborhood. - I have not contacted the HOA or a lawyer about the situation because I'm curious if it is even worth pursuing based on how the HOA "rules" are written. - I have a copy of my HOA's agreement that was given to us when we signed paperwork to buy the house. I skimmed through it to try to find any relevant parts. Two parts I've found relevant and a little depressing are these: . Homeowners may not make any alterations to font yard landscape. Front yards shall be maintained by the Association free of weeds and debris. The remainder of the landscaping not maintained by the Association shall be maintained by the Homeowner free of weeds and debris; lawns shall be neatly mowed and trimmed; bushes shall be trimmed; and dead plants, dead trees and dead grass shall be removed and replaced. : (1) Maintain the planting on all Common Areas. For this purpose, Declarant and the Association shall have the right, at any time, to plant, replace, maintain and cultivate landscaping, shrubs, trees, and plantings on any common Area and on such easements over and Owner's lots as may have been granted to Declarant or the Association. - The tree was healthy and not really causing any noticeable problems. Certainly not causing any problems the HOA bothered to mention to us at least. Occasionally branches would contact the roof of our home but the landscapers would simply trim them back from time to time. - There are plenty of other trees in the neighborhood which look exactly like mine and are located the same distance from the house where branches occasionally touch the roof. As far as a I can tell no other big trees like mine have been cut down. - A few months back during monsoon season we lost several trees in the neighborhood and many branches due to high winds. My tree appeared to be unaffected by these storms. However, there are still obviously damaged trees, or half trees I should say, standing in our neighborhood. Any advice or insight into this sort of thing would be great. A notice or something would have been nice since they did end up blocking my driveway for over an hour with their truck and wood chipper. It just happened to not affect me since I left for work later in the day. Should I contact a lawyer about something like this or does the HOA have all the power here? I guess I was hoping that since they mentioned "replace" in multiple parts that I might be able to force them to replace the tree instead of simply removing it. You're right. I missed the quote from the declarations. One imagines their argument to be that they removed the tree in the course of as they are required to do under the documents.  I'm fairly certain I own the front lawn but the HOA maintains all the landscaping. They maintain the front lawn landscaping with all the homes in the neighborhood. I guess you missed the two parts I quoted from the HOA agreement because it kind of lays out that they are in charge of the decision making. I don't believe they are targeting me, I've only ever had one conversation with the HOA president. I've never gotten into arguments with anyone in the neighborhood and have never been in trouble with the HOA before.  Do you have reason to believe they are personally targeting you? Or did they begin their removal of damaged trees at your house? Or perhaps find the only one damaged enough to require removal was the one at your house?