 My dog bit a friend at my home, and long story short, they are pursuing legal action. We didn't have renters insurance at the time of the incident, and we are quite financially strapped as it is. What are their legal options if we don't have money, don't have renters insurance, and have no money to hire a lawyer?? You may want to contact the actual owner of the home you are renting? They may have homeowner's insurance which may take care of it? The injury itself was on the inner right thigh, causing a deep laceration, roughly 4-6 inches in length, wide enough to see fat. The ED was able to suture it shut with 6 to 7 stitches, packing it with gauze, and she is being treated with antibiotics. According to her, the doctors initially wanted to get plastic surgery involved, but that the injury is healing with the exception of one spot that might be infected that they will continue to watch. Plastics is not involved at the moment. “As far as they can”— they can’t take it that far— only to the extent that they were harmed. How bad was it? At this point, I don't believe she has any interest in negotiating. I feel that her/her husband are going to try and take this as far as they can. Offered to cover medical expenses many times, but the only response I have received from her is through an unrecorded phone call where, when I offered to pay for medical expenses, she stated "You don't have the money for that." I tried to reason...didn't get far. Thank you for the response. Thank you for the response. I offered to pay medical expenses, and have continued to offer to pay them (recorded through text message), but they refuse to respond that question directly. I figure this is going to be a rough ride. Unfortunately, you are likely liable for your friend’s injuries, regardless of how nice the dog was or what precautions you might have taken. If the friend provoked the dog in anyway, that could be a defense. Otherwise, you will likely be fully liable. Your best bet is to negotiate with the friend and make sure that he/she was actually injured and that they are only asking to recover money lost as a result of the injuries (medical expenses).   't have money, don't have renters insurance, and have no money to hire a lawyer?? Their legal options are to file suit, take judgment against you, and execute that judgment in whatever ways are available to them (garnish your wages, attach your bank account, or subject you to some form of post-judgment discovery in an effort to identify attachable assets). The fact that you can't pay has nothing to do with their ability to take judgment against you. It may limit their options for recovering that judgment. And you should likely find a way to work something out rather than letting the public record of a judgment find its way to your credit report.