 Hello! So I have an ASUS gaming computer which has been one of the worst purchases I have ever made. The graphics card on it has died 3 times and has been simply replaced and sent back to me each time. I just got it back from the last repair about 2 weeks ago, it worked for about a week and then the graphics card died again. ASUS has offered me a refurbished computer swap after all this trouble. I have paid for two of the three repairs and also the shipping and packaging those first two times. At this point I just want to get rid of this thing. I have tried to see if it was possible to get a refund on my original purchase and they refuse. Am I wrong to think that I should not be simply getting a refurbished computer after all the money and time I spent on this computer? Thank you for the help in advance! To be fair, I have only ever dealt with RMAs for components such as video cards and motherboards... But in the last 15 years I have dealt with them numerous times and they have always been a breeze to deal with. So far I haven't been impressed. Although, I have barely ever been put on hold for that long even in all my times of calling their support. So that's good but otherwise I'm not thrilled with my experience. I'm hoping things will turn around though. :) My dealings with ASUS have been nothing but stellar, I dont expect they will screw you. I'll cross my fingers that happens. I doubt it though, it's only a year and a half old. Thanks! I will be swapping my computer soon then.  Well, I suppose I am stuck with the refurbishment then. Just cross my fingers that this next one isn't junk I guess. Thank you for taking the time out of your day to help out!  IMO, take the swap... If the machine is old enough that you had to pay for some of the repairs, then they very well may not even have that model in stock and you may well find yourself with a newer machine. You won’t be getting a refund from Asus, they’ve fixed the problem and a new one occurred. (Even if it’s the same thing.) Start the warranty process again, since it’s the same item it’ll be covered by Asus. Mention this is the 4th time. It’s possible there is something wrong with the board which is causing the GPU to die. A refurbished computer will most likely be better than what you have currently. They must meet or beat what you have. So they can’t give you an older generation. If you paid for a repair I’m assuming your machine is over a year old, so you may get a newer generation which may not have this issue.  Yes.   Probably. That is, what you have today is a used computer. Unless there is some specific contractual term entitling you to something different, a refurbished computer is generally a reasonable like-for-like replacement for what you have today.