 So I got a speeding ticket one day while I was driving to another county. Officer pulls ne oveez says very very little, takes my papers and goes back to his car to run them. His back up shows and he sends them on their way ajd brings me back my paperwork and speeding ticket. He said he reduced it to $75 and two points and if i came in to see the judge, pay it ect. I figured I got off easy so I asked him if I could just pay it online and not have to take off work. He shrugs and says yeah but the judge was a good friend of his and if I came in he would ask for it to be dropped. So fast forward to the court date, turns out there was no judge, just himself overseeing the proceedings and in SC he couldn't reduce the ticket any lower than it was and wasn't allowed to throw it out. So my question, Reddit, is what could be a possible motive for coercing me into coming to court? I contacted his supervisor and he said he would look at the body cam footage and get back to me but this was the first week of November and it is almost January. More importantly is is worth making a big deal about or should I just let it go? Cool. Good luck! Yoy really are ignorant. I had no problem paying the ticket but I didn't feel like I needed to go to court to pay it if I could pay it online. My problem is that clearly wasn't good enough so he lied to me to cost me time and money that wasn't necessary. Read the whole post or don't comment at all.  The hard truth is that you were ticketed for speeding and are not entitled to a lesser charge, no matter what the cop promised you on the side of the road. Pay it, contest it, or ask the court what other options are available. The fact that what the cop told you turned out to be false has zero bearing on the ticket. It is illegal to abuse their authority though. His supervisor was very apologetic and seemed ticked but without him responding I'm guessing he handled it or, if not and it happens again, I'll contact someone higher up but I'm mostly concerned that if he IS abusing his badge, he will retaliate especially since he knows where I live  Maybe he was mistaken, maybe he was being a dick, maybe he thought you were cute and wanted to set you up with one of his buddies at court. It sucks that he wasted your time, but pursuing this isn't worth you wasting any more of your time. You won't get anything out of it other than antagonizing your local cops. Not a Lawyer. It's not illegal for the police to waste your time, either. You've filed a complaint, for anything else to happen, you're going to need to get a lawyer and go nuclear on them. I'm not looking to take the guy's badge or anything I am just wondering since I am female and young and he was a much older man if it has something to do with it, like he wanted to "make an example out of me" or whatever. I wasn't really even going over that much and the speed increased about 1/2 of a mile up the road  Not a Lawyer. Cops are allowed to lie to you in general, so you'd need someone who knows the exact limits of that law to even say if this fell into one of the fairly specific exceptions to that. I'd say drop it - your damages are, relative to the cost of an attorney, likely pretty small. He was simply confused or mistaken. There's no reason to speculate as to otherwise. He knew when he issued it he couldn't drop it. He knew there wasnt going to be a judge. He knew all this, knew I didn't, and used his authority to get me to do something I didn't need to do and I don't know why Don’t take advice from officers who are ticketing you. They can be wrong.