 I posted 2 days ago regarding TSA might have stolen my sons money... It was my sons father. He stole his sons money. Apparently, he gained a new meth habit recently I was unaware of. He made my son believe TSA took the money. I got in contact with TSA in the airport and they reviewed the cameras. They told me that the luggage was blocked from my son by his dad once it came out and his dad was intently talking and to him and appeared to be distracting him. He told my son TSA searched his bag without asking. Being 12 he believed it but didn't know the money was gone until he arrived home asking to put it in the bank. There is of course a lot more I have found out in the last few days. I am sorry for the accusation to TSA. I didn't want to believe a father would steal from his son on Christmas...especially a child who lost everything because of Hurricane Michael 3 months prior....can I do anything from here? I am going to hire a lawyer because obviously I don't need my child around him right now but what else? I am so Sorry for you and your Son,, My Daughters father stole $5 dollars from her when she was 9.. Yup,, Alcholo,, Don't get addiction over a child,, ever . So sorry.  I am unaware of any reported case where that has happened, indeed the statute makes it improper for KY to decline jurisdiction so long as there is a significant connection with the state. So I basically 100% need to at least start in KY and fo from there I absolutely agree that Kentucky would have continuing and exclusive jurisdiction if the Father still resides there. Kentucky could decline to exercise jurisdiction as technically the home state has changed.  Under the UCCJEA KY is absolutely the correct and only forum, dad still lives there, so the child still has a significant connection with the state. While I agree that from a logical standpoint Florida would be more appropriate, under the law KY is the only state that can have jurisdiction. Contact your previous Kentucky attorney and see if your custody/parenting plan orders can be enrolled for enforcement and modification in Florida as your son’s home state has changed. I’m in another jurisdiction (not giving specific legal advice nor attempting to establish an attorney-client relationship), but hoping you can make that argument under the UCCJEA. If you can, Florida is the more appropriate forum and has the most recent, significant contacts with your son. The process would generally involve obtaining certified copies of all of the final orders from your custody arrangement and filing them along with a Petition to enroll and modify the co-parenting time/visitation etc. in Florida. All my best and hope 2019 is kinder to you and your son. No, states have a provision that allows initial jurisdiction to vest after 6 months. The Uniform Interstate Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, which has been passed by every state but Massachusetts states that custody is with the "home state" of the child. The home state has continuing and exclusive jurisdiction until 1) A court of the state with jurisdiction determines that the child or the child and a parent do not have a significant connection with the state, AND evidence concerning the child's custody determination is not available in the state; OR 2) A court of the state with jurisdiction, or any other state, determines that the child and both parents or acting parents do not reside in the state any longer. A continuing significant connection exists so long as one parent lives in the initial home state. I had to petition the court to move. Because of domestic violence on his part and tge fact I gad stability Ibwas granted but even that was a fight. I don't look forward to it but will look into it for sure. Can you cite that? Many states have provisions to allow a change based on length of residency. Yes, you will need an attorney there or will need to appear yourself. You can probably file the motion without appearing, but there will certainly be a hearing at which point you will have to appear regardless of if you have an attorney there. But having an attorney will make the process much more likely to be successful. So does this mean I have to hire a lawyer in KY and/or travel there personally? I don't want to be in contempt of court myself but I cannot send my child tgere for spring break. I will do what I needto do just not sure what it is I need to do! Lol Whoops, misread it. You are right. It will have to by in KY. Since dad is still there KY still has sole jurisdiction. The child is a resident of FL, go through FL. And its not joint just visitation.  ! It got you to the right answer, so you shouldn't worry about it. What you should do in addition to filing a police report and potentially suing for the money, is look at filing for a modification of custody. Your kid's dad is putting your child at risk by using drugs to the point that he is stealing form the kid to fund the habit, that's worth at least looking at revisiting custody. So my visitation agreement was set in Ky originally though I live in Fl now for the past 7 years. Do I have to go through court in Ky?  Yes, I am an addiction counselor in a prison! I should know but it still stings! Plus, I feel like an idiot getting TSA and reddit involved! First off, review your current custody documents. If he has joint legal custody, or visitation, you need to move to block it until he gets clean. You also have the option to file a police report. It's unlikely that suing to get the money will go anywhere, though. Addiction makes people do some seriously fucked up things. It's also not even about the money, ya know. It never actually was. Steal from me...okay. I am an adult but from your child?  It's really so sad. I tried giving him the benefit of the doubt . I called him after TSA reviewed the tapes and told him I knew he had the money. He admitted it and said he would send it. Lie after lie after lie. I spoke with his family and got the whole truth. TSA and airport police were amazing in helping me out. You can sue him, but there isn't much chance he'll ever pay you back even if you win.