 Hello there Reddit, I got my first gf last year and got cheated on due to my work schedule. Broke up with said cheater around July-August, but received a call today that I'm to go down to the local police station to be arraigned Monday morning for harassment! Now, this was my first gf and I stupidly tried to rekindle what we had when the semester started back (September to very early October). No dice and she had told me to check back up on her in a few weeks time... Flash forward to this past Halloween and I'm out with a friend and ended up in her neighborhood, me being the dumb man I am, went up to her house alone with just a cheap mask on just looking for a piece of candy. nothing more nothing less; a man just wanted candy. Her mom opened the door and immediately recognized me, which at that moment, I had realized just how dumb it was to do all this for a candy bar. Anyways, at the end of November I drove to her place to apologize for being a douche (she may have cheated, but I will admit i was a dick at some points), and she acts all lovey dovey and we make out for a minute. Then she says that her family will get angry if she gets back together with me (BS) and to give it until NYE. Now, I'm well over this girl and I figured to just wish her a happy NYE. I deleted the convo directly afterwords just because I realized how dumb it makes me look to even talk to her still. Now, today I get a call from the police saying that shes "afraid" and "wants whats best for me" so they're (her family) is pressing charges. Oh, last good tidbit of info, her brother I'm certain has a secret government job and he married a VERY good lawyer fora wife this past summer. Any help would be GREAT, thanks Reddit. TLDR: Broke up with cheating ex in July Tried talking to her in school (Sept) nothing worked Stupidly showed up for trick or treating to her house and they recognized me Went to her house in late Nov, was told to contact her in 5 weeks (NYE) Texted her JUST saying "happy new years" Her lawyer brother and new SIL put in a word to family friend in the police station and now am being charged with harassment Well, for starters, leave that person alone forever. It is an ex and what you should have done in the first place. How about nodding in concurrence  'm to go down to the local police station to be arraigned Monday morning for harassment I'm not a NY attorney, but something about that doesn't sit right with me. It seems highly unusual to be contacted over the phone to be charged with an offense. Is there a warrant out? Did they tell you the specific charge? Are they actually charging you or just wanting to question you? Did they inform you of any consequences for no-showing? Well ... I have no comeback to that. Correct.  And yet the cheating isn’t legally relevant. OP’s inability to leave her alone is.   As for the harassment charge, hire a competent criminal defense attorney and stop talking to her.