 Background: the delinquent co-founder (#1) was the originator of an excel sheet which is the most original version of the idea. They used at their previous employee before they met co-founder to be #2 co-founder #2 took the sheet and modified it, making it "better" selling it to a few businesses and splitting the money co-founder #2 met co-founder #3 a developer. co-founders made a verbal agreement of 33% shares/equity each A web application of the software currently underway, with co-founder #2 having made sales on the software and co-founder #3 developing. co-founder #1 is supposed to be selling, working social media, and provide knowledge of the subject we have no founder's agreement in place (we are in the process of looking for an attorney) What are our options? milestone vesting? negotiate a lower percentage? buyout? ?  IANAL, but as I understand it, that depends on the agreement. Many projects have equity holders who do not participate in decision making. Since it sounds like your agreement is super vague, and this action would not actually change your shares or equity, I'd imagine it would be fine. Particularly if the additional agreements have proportional opportunity for payment relative to work effort performed. Thus not truly ganging up, but enforcing active development of the product. A key concern in applying an additional layer of salary is ensuring payment does not go over a certain budget decided on by the partners. But again you have the upper hand since you have agreement between majority of decision makers. That is of course unless your verbal agreement addressed decision making, in a way that it would not be performed by majority vote. Are there not laws against ganging up on minority shareholders? You can pay yourselves salaries for work being done. Give founders 2 and 3 salaries. Give founder 1 commission plus money per social media engagement. Pay per view/like/share. Then leave the shares/equity. Since the two of you are in agreement, it should be easy enough to majority vote for changes in structure.  Verbal agreements have been enforced in the courts previously but they are incredibly hard to do. I stress incredibly. Get something in writing ASAP about ownership of the business. If you wanted to be fair you could give him a small stake of the company for helping initially found it. You could propose buying him out now and the remaining two having full ownership. This spreadsheet the now delinquent co-founder created will be the huge issue. That intellectual property needs to be owned by the company not any of the individuals. Whatever you do, from here forward it all needs to be in writing. 