 I’ll try to keep it as short as possible: I was rear-ended a few months ago while I was stopped at a red light. The other party pulled over and was very apologetic. Unfortunately, he didn’t speak much English and didn’t seem to have his license and insurance on him (or didn’t want to produce it). I called the local PD for help; They sent out an officer to sort through it all. The officer was nice enough to write an “exchange of information” report. I took pictures of the other party’s car front and back as well of the damage on the rear bumper of mine. I reach out to my insurance on the same day to file a claim. The next day, I was suffering some tightness in my lower back so I went to see my doctor. They prescribed me some pain killers and advised me to rest for a couple of days. The pain didn’t go away, my doctor suggested I try seeing a massage therapist. It took 3 massage sessions for me to feel better again. Fast forward a couple of months from the time of the accident (it took 2 months for the PD to produce the report), my insurance adjustor reaches out to the other party’s insurance to file a claim with them. They get back to us that they’re not accepting liability because their client claimed that they were rear-ended and forced into my car. Of course that never happened. We tell them we have a picture of the back of his car from the scene of the accident, they don’t want to even look at it. Eventually the adjustor from the other party’s insurance stops responding all together, and attempts to escalate with a manager/supervisor there go no where. Now, my insurance is covering the cost of repairing my car (because they can subrogate that from the other party’s insurance) but won’t cover my medical expenses (they can’t subrogate for those expenses as I don’t have medical injury coverage), which total roughly $1000. What options do I have now to recover my medical expenses? My insurance’s adjustor recommends a complaint with he Department of Insurance. He claims it can help get their insurance company to cooperate, however I read online that their mostly toothless and have very little to no power. He says my last option is to take the party that rear-ended me to small claims court, which seems like a major hassle I shouldn’t have to endure for something that’s so straight forward. What legal options do I have to recover my medical costs?