  I have Bank of America and was notified that there is a hold on my account because a collection agency, there is a case in the district court of my state that defaulted since I was not present on the court date in 2017 however the paper work submitted by the collection agency to my bank is signed by an attorney and not a judge and I want to vacate the judgment so I can make my case in court. They state they served the paperwork to someone in my family and I was not aware of this judgement since I was out of the country and never had a chance to argue my case. The case number shows up as default judgment under district court when I called the Supreme Court of my state they state they don't have a case under my name. Do I have any recourse to attempt and vacate the judgment from 2017 since I was never served nor present in court to represent myself and how would I do this without hiring a lawyer. I attempted to call the bank and they sent me the paperwork the collection agency sent them (essentially the court verdict from district court however that paper is signed by the lawyer from the collection agency and termed a restraining notice). My question is if the collection agency (law firm) can place a hold on my private bank account given that the document they sent my bank is not signed by the court and also the court did not send my bank that notice? You can try calling your local bar association for a referral, they are a good resource. I'm trying to figure out how much a lawyer would cost they held all my money in the account so it isn't easy getting the funds together. Are there websites that show lawyers for hire that aren't too expensive. Yes, given the amount at stake, I think it’s worthwhile to hire a lawyer to file a proper motion to vacate the default judgment. And then take it from there. So I attempted to contact the court that oversaw the case however they require I go in person even to verify the case exists for security reasons which I can't do this week. If the debt is $15k (or $25k) would it be cost effective to find legal counsel or is that more costly especially if the collection agency fights the case? Thanks for any information you can provide! The short answer is yes. In New York attorneys can issue restraining notices under CPLR 5222. These orders do not need to be signed by the court. You need to file a motion to vacate the default judgment, on the grounds that you were not served with the papers. It would be better if less than a year had gone by since the default, but you still have a chance.