 Hey everybody, first time poster but I really could use the communities help in this one: I live in NY, I purchased my used BMW 328i 3 years ago (paid in all cash, registered etc.). I eventually wanted to change vehicles and wanted it sold, so I had a friend who owned a dealership in Virginia who offered to sell my vehicle for me at no charge etc. Mind you this is a small used luxury car dealership(the really sketchy ones). He said he could get a higher value for it because he offered financing and all that jazz. The dealership is super sketch red flag already, they seem like the type to avoid taxes and they often told their potential buyers they would write a lower value on the bill of sale so the customer can get a tax break... Anyways few months later they sold the vehicle to a customer, I sign the title etc, and the dealer friend tells me they need to process the check first and after a week or two I’ll have my money. Weeks go by, no word from them, legit he went ghost. He posted an Instagram picture of my car and the customer standing next to it, which was now taken down by him(I saved the photo). Doesn’t answer texts, calls etc. It’s now been 1.5 years and I’ve lost all patience, I was kind, never threatened but now I want to sue. I understand it’s not small claims court at this value, but what should I do? The dealership is in another state, should I hire a lawyer there? Also I’m afraid it will be a case of his word vs mine because none of the agreement was documented, but if I look at the carfax I can see it was registered here by me, and then sold in Virginia. I don’t want to end up paying a ton of lawyer fees and end up losing my case... Any help would be greatly appreciated, thanks. TLDR: A dealership sold my vehicle and hasn’t paid me my 21k. Not a lawyer but I would call an attorney as soon as possible (like tomorrow) just to make sure or become aware of any statue of limitations on your possible claim Thank you and yes I am in the midst of collecting evidence. I even have a witness and text proof of the dealer saying “you’ll get the money in time...” Has to be in his state because that's where you have to sue him. There are ways to shift attorney fees, but I can't say whether one is available to you. You need to retain an attorney in Virginia to sue the dealership. The attorney will likely start with a demand letter, which should run you a few hundred bucks. You do need to be prepared to follow through with a lawsuit if the dealer ignores the demand letter. You’re absolutely right about hiring an attorney, but should I opt for one in his state or mine? And can I recoup fees if I win the case? Thanks! There's no free solution to a $21K problem. 