 The mother tried to move my son out of state. My son decided to live with me and has been since July 17'. I took her to court and won custody. She has not responded since my win in Sept 18'. I have paid about 20k in support while my son lives with me. Now he turns 18 in a month and graduates in May. The original order from 02' states support ends on his DOB next month, my lawyer just filed an order to stop support in May when he graduates. My Lawyers explanation is the old order giving her custody is in place because they have not filed a new one after my custody win. Can I use the original order that stops support on his DOB or do I have to go by state law and pay till he graduates, even though I have custody. I gave my employer the original order and they said it will work, my lawyer disagrees. I won custody wouldn't that make the old order void? I have custody why do I still have to pay? How do I get her to pay support? My lawyer has tried to get a response from her and my lawyer said she stopped paying her lawyer. What should I do?  I am paying her regular child support. There is no back support owed from me. She on the other hand will owe me some money from what I have paid her in support. My lawyer said he is unsure if I will be able to get that for the entire time he has be under my custody.  IANAL and don't live in the US but law intriques me, so just asking for clarification cause I am confused. OP as I am reading and understanding it won custody in September of 2018, yet OP's still been paying Child Support which well afaik no matter what country you live in is supposed to support the raising of said child despite OP having custody and being the residence of the child... Seems very backwards to me as I'd imagine OP recieving child support from September not paying it...  Is what you're paying support that was owed from before you had custody? Or is that in reference to her having to pay you something? If the judge directed the other side to draft everything and it never got done, then your lawyer needs to do it or you need to get rid of your lawyer and do it yourself. The employer cannot simply ignore a garnishment order. Your state child support office may have an administrative process where if you prove the child is with you, they’ll suspend collection until it’s settled with court orders. Their contact info should be on the garnishment order your employer follows. I’d start there! I’m sorry you’re in this very unfair situation.  If the judge directed the other side to draft everything and it never got done, then your lawyer needs to do it or you need to get rid of your lawyer and do it yourself. The employer cannot simply ignore a garnishment order. Your state child support office may have an administrative process where if you prove the child is with you, they’ll suspend collection until it’s settled with court orders. Their contact info should be on the garnishment order your employer follows. I’d start there! I’m sorry you’re in this very unfair situation.  This is one of those things that state matters a lot. IL seems like it may be one of those states that custody and child support are not decided by the same court. My state is like that, custody is in one court (juvenile) and child support is in a different court (circuit I believe). The exception is if you are getting a divorce, where it is all typically done at once in circuit. Personally I think your lawyer should have explained this all to you, and filed the modification order ages ago, but who knows what was going on at the time. Don't stop paying support until your lawyer says to, or until you have a new order in hand that says it's okay. You should probably ask your lawyer what to do about all the support your ex actually owes you. It will probably have to be decided by the court in some way. I am not a lawyer but went through some of this and found it all confusing, heck still do some days. Do you have a temporary custody order or a permanent plan? Did your lawyer petition to change support when the plan changed? If not, it doesn’t change on its own. You need to change the support order too (typically, that’s a separate order than the custody order, though often handled at the same time).  Yes  IANAL. I'm not sure how Illinois is, or how competent your attorney is. My recent case finished up in November, paperwork was signed by a judge in December. Changes to child support owed were written in as dating from December 1. As it was explained to me, any overpayment will be deducted from my ex's received support until the overpayment is made up. Because you won full custody, the order should be written to cancel any support payed by you as of the hearing date, or possibly the nearest 1st day of the month. And, an order should be written ordering your ex to pay support until legal age, etc. In my mind, all support payed by you after the gaining custody should be repayed to you due to the absolute change in circumstances. Probably best achieved going through whichever state agency handles support obligations, or possibly a tax lien? Again, IANAL, but that's based on my all too extensive dealings with the family court system here. If you're at the point where you trust random strangers with limited information more than your attorney who has been working the case, then I'd reccomend at least consulting with another one. You don’t know my lawyer. I guess that should be part of the question should I get a new lawyer?  You're not going to get better advice here than from your lawyer. Inal. You have a lawyer it seems. The lawyer seems to already be doing his part. I am not too sure how it works in your state, but... You may want to read the order or orders associated with the case. Was the order payable through the courts? If so, the courts may want you to file a modification petition. Also, are there any arrears owed on the case? Assuming it's modified... the order may convert to an arrears only order. Additionally, now that you have custody, you might want to see if it's possible or ideal for you to establish your own petition for support. Some states allow you to seek retroactivity (ie: the filing date, some other date), but it depends on the state on how far back the retro date is.