 We adopted a wonderful cat last week and he was given a completely clean bill of health by the animal shelter veterinary staff. He was treated for ringworm and an ear infection and was cleared for adoption. He spent nearly a month and a half in the shelter and was listed as FIV negative. They told us to take him for a vaccination in a few weeks and that he was good to go. My sister is terminally ill and immune compromised so I took him to the vet for a wellness exam the next day. He has ring worm, he has a raging ear infection, and he is FIV positive. This visit cost $250. Is there anything I can do to get some level of my money back for this? We will be keeping the cat but we adopted him with intention and we live an active lifestyle and we planned to take him with us when traveling and on hikes and such. He’s leash trained and they encouraged us to walk him outdoors. As an FIV positive cat that could kill him so now he will need to remain indoors and at home forever and will have severely different medical costs. We are in NJ, USA.  Thank you, I appreciate the information!!  Ok good. I’m glad you are keeping him. I have a masters in molecular bio so we’re kindred spirits. I doubt that you would have much recourse with getting any money back. They would likely offer to take the cat back in lieu of further expenses incurred. Maybe check your adoption contract to see if there’s anything in there for misrepresentation of health status. They’ll likely just say they gave you the info they had. Sorry to hear about your situation. I hope you have many years of happiness with your cat.  I think you have misunderstood- we are keeping him and we love him. I have a background in molecular biology so I understand FIV, and I understand his potential both good and bad. My point is that we adopted him under the pretense that he was healthy. We did not want to adopt an FIV+ cat because of the incurred medical costs (like the $250 we just spent and the $300 we will be spending on Thursday for his next appointment). We are first time cat owners and we’re not anticipating a lessened life span or increased costs and the shelter told us directly he was perfectly healthy.  I've worked with cats infected with ringworm and while highly contagious it's very treatable. You'll want to keep the cat isolated while they're undergoing treatment to keep it from spreading. Make sure to wear gloves and long sleeved shirts. You'll probably want to cover your neck up, that was where the majority of people got it if they became infected because of the cat nuzzling them. Wash your clothing and any bedding in hot water, bleach as well if you like. Its about a two week process for the infection to clear up and then you're good.  Do some more research on FIV. Many of these cats live long, healthy lives. You wouldn’t need to keep him inside. You would need to keep him away from other cats so as not to spread it (it’s not easily contracted though). The ear infection is easily treated with antibiotic drops. The ringworm is a little trickier but can be treated. You’ll want to wear gloves until it’s cleared up. Don’t give up on a good cat. 