 Let me start off by saying that I feel completely terrible about everything that happened last night, so I’m sure all of you are going to feel the same, but I could really use some guidance on this one. What happened: as yesterday being Valentine’s Day, I had all of the good stuff planned. I came home from work with flowers and chocolates and had nice seafood dinner reservations(her choice) and comedy club tickets already planned and paid for. While having dinner, we have a couple glasses of wine and then shuffle off to the comedy club. We both had a great time and we’re loving every minute of it. After leaving the club, we feel that we want to go home and grab another bottle of wine to finish off the evening. We both drink some wine while watching our favorite show and she falls asleep. I’m still wide awake and pretty drunk so I decide that I’m going into the living room to play my Xbox. Shouldn’t be a problem, right? Wrong! Big Time! My gf despises my Xbox so when she woke up she was livid. She pours the remaking glass of wine on my head in the middle of my game and drops the glass on my head. I get out of my chair immediately and say “what the fuck!” (This is where it gets bad on my part) I start cursing at her and calling her every name in the book and go to wash the wine off of my head. After coming back into the living room she takes the remaining bottle of red wine and starts dumping it inside my Xbox. I see this and freak out and try to slap the wine out of her hand but end up slapping her in the face. She throws the bottle of wine down and it shatters all over the place and she looks at me and starts crying and saying “why would you hit me like that?!” I start freaking out because i’be never hit a girl before and I can’t believe what I just did. In a panic I call 911 and told them that I hit my gf. They send some officers to my house and I meet them outside. They do the whole pay down and ask me what happened so I told them what I did and that I feel absolutely terrible about it. The officers were all very nice and cordial the entire time. One waits for me outside while the others go in to talk to my gf. She backs up the story and tells them what happened and the officers come back out to me and say that our stories match and (obviously) my gf doesn’t want to press any charges. The officers say that since it’s a domestic violence call that they need to arrest someone so they were going to take me down to jail. I understand that their just doing their job so I’m being compliant the entire time. All of the officers at the jail were very nice and they gave me as many phone calls as I needed. I got ahold of a bail bondsman and was out within a few hours. I get home and my gf is asking why I felt that I had to get the cops involved, but in my mind, I hit a woman and that’s never ok. So now I’m worried about all of the consequences I brought on myself. My gf is saying that she’ll do whatever she can to help me out, but I’m not sure what my next steps should be. The cops said that everything I did will only help me in court because I was completely compliant and I called on myself. My gf doesn’t want me to be in trouble and is willing to go to court and vouch for me. Should I be worried about my job finding out about this? Should I get a lawyer? Am I going to be labeled as a woman beater now for any future jobs? I’m starting to realize that calling the police may not have been the wisest choice, but I wasn’t in my right mind and felt absolutely terrible. Please help! Sounds like you both have drinking and emotional problems. I'd recommend not being in a relationship until you both seek professional help with these issues. That night very easily could have turned into something far more serious with one of you either unintentionally maiming or killing the other.  Ok, thanks. Ok, I’m going to call one right now. Ok, thank you. You absolutely need a criminal defense attorney immediately. The cops always tell you that compliance and admitting things will help you, because it makes their jobs easier when you do it. It does not help you. No one can foresee how this will all pan out. It's possible that an attorney will be able to get you a deal that lets you plead to lesser charges or get into some kind of diversion program that may keep a domestic violence charge off your record, but that is not a guarantee. Do not speak to anyone other than your attorney about this. You need an attorney. ASAP. The best chance you have of avoiding domestic violence charges is to hire a professional and let them do their job. Stop talking to cops, in the meantime. In fact, stop talking to anyone about this. Clam up, and lawyer up. Legal-advice-adjacent: a therapist is a good plan. Both for your personal mental and emotional health, and because judges like to see you're taking positive steps to prevent the action from happening again.  They lied. Get a lawyer.