 I worked at a daycare in West Virginia for a few months. The owner, my former boss, never gave me a W4 to fill out for tax withholding. Supposedly, she mailed out my W2 on the 31st but it’s still not here. I asked if she could email me, but her “accountant” has the copy so she has to call this supposed accountant to send me a copy. I think she’s lying because I never got a W4 to fill out and she paid me via check and didn’t give me a paystub. And, she’s shady for other reasons. Her daycare was also shut down because she had been operating without a license. I tried looking on the IRS website for advice because I’m clueless on what to do. Should I report her for tax fraud to cover my ass? If I do, who do I contact? What information will I need? Will I be held liable for my withheld taxes if she was paying me under the table? I have saved the screenshots of her claiming she mailed it out and was going to contact her “accountant” for my W2. Also, I don’t feel like suing because I was paid minimum wage and only worked for a few months anyway. I don’t have any money to sue either and I don’t find it worth my time to fight for a few months worth of pay. I just want to cover my ass.  If she withheld money from your pay for taxes and never submitted it to the IRS, she owes it to them, not you. But without paystubs or a W-2, you don't know whether she withheld or not (well, even if you do because you know your hours and hourly wage), so the place to start is still with letting the IRS know you didn't receive a W-2. They'll take it from there. So if she held the money I have to pay it back? Would it be in my best interests to go after her to get it back?  You go off any records you have of the checks you deposited. And the way tax works... whether the employer made tax payments for you or not, you owe whatever tax you owe, and the IRS wants its $$$. Talk to a CPA, or a free tax clininc if one is around you to see if they can figure out how much will you owe. Do I go off my bank statements? I kinda need the refund money so I don’t want all of my refund to go to taxes because she screwed me over.  Just follow these steps: And you will have to declare the income, even if it is an estimate.