 Hi everyone, thanks in advance for the help. I am a 27 year old female. When I was in 8th grade (so 13/14 years old) there was a guy at my school who shared a lot of classes with me, let's call him Jeff. I was the new kid in this middle school and didn't have a lot of friends, so when Jeff started talking to me and being nice to me I kind of became friends with him. In general he was nice, but he would do some things that made me really uncomfortable. - He would tell people whenever he got a boner when he saw me. - On the bus, he would loudly tell our classmates, right in front of me, that he dreamed we made out. - Once I was bending over a desk to add some finishing touches on my homework before turning it in. I heard the classroom laugh. I turned around. Jeff was right behind me and everyone was looking at me. I had no idea what was going on. But later I realized that Jeff was pretending to hump me. I only realized this when I saw him doing the exact same thing to another poor girl. - Jeff repeatedly made sexually suggestive comments about my clothes. Once I wore a polo, and obviously you never button a polo all the way, and Jeff loudly told everyone I was being scandalous because I was letting my cleavage show (it wasn't, not that it matters) There are more but over the years I've made a huge effort not to think about them and have succeeded in forgetting a lot. It was also painfully obvious to everyone that Jeff had a big fat crush on me. Needless to say, I think this is very clearly sexual harassment. At the end of 8th grade, Jeff announced that he was going to move to a different state and honestly I was just so relieved. I thought that would be the end of it. But by now my classmates had engrained in their head that I was Jeff's sexual exploit or something, and Jeff still tried to talk to me over chat. One day in 9th grade, I decided I was fed up. I had enough. I blocked him on every possible channel he had for contacting me. Jeff found out and he did not take it well. Pretty soon all of our mutual classmates, even ones I had never spoken to, would instant message me asking why I'd blocked him. I told most of them it was none of their business. They pleaded with me to unblock him. They said he was having a tough time at his new school and they were worried he was going to do something serious to hurt himself if I didn't talk to him. I told them that wasn't my problem. Jeff sent me an extremely long email asking why I'd blocked him before I deleted it without reading and blocked his email. Eventually a mutual classmate who I was closer to messaged me and asked why I'd blocked him. I told him the truth: Jeff made me uncomfortable. After that, the frantic messages stopped. And everything was fine. For a while. In college I noticed Jeff had friend requested me on Facebook. After repeatedly rejecting it, one day I was like... Well, it's been 7 years. It's probably fine. That's how he got my cell phone number. My junior year of college, late at night, I picked up a call and lo and behold, it was from Jeff. He said he was really drunk and wanted to apogize for the horrible things he'd done to me in middle school. He said they kept him up and he felt horrible about them. He also said he wasn't happy with his life and had clinical depression. I told him it was fine, eighth grade isn't something I think about anymore. That summer Jeff and I were in the same state for our summer internships. He kept inviting me to hang out and I kept saying no. My ex boyfriend had just broken up with me and I was really pretty lonely. So one day when Jeff said he was throwing a party and would I like to come, I said why not and came. I thought he'd seemed pretty apologetic. The party had two other people, both from my middle school. It was fine in general. Apart from a few perverted jokes that made me slightly uncomfortable, he didn't harass me or anything. But I realized something else when I came home that day and it was this: even if he had really turned over a new leaf, I still wasn't obligated to be friends with him. And if I was being honest, I didn't really want to. He still tried to ask me to hang out but I ignored his messages or made up excuses to say no. Eventually Jeff stopped and everything was fine. For a while. I graduated college and deleted my Facebook. Last year, Jeff texted me saying "Hi AvocadoToast000, what's up?" I didn't respond I thought that would be the end of it. But today, Jeff texted me again, this time on WeChat. I'm not even friends with him there! I don't even know how he knew to contact me there. He said "Hi AvocadoToast000! Do you ever feel like you have so much to say to someone but you're not able to?" I immediately turned on friend verification, blocked him, and blocked his phone number. It's been 6 years since we last talked and 13 years since we were in school together - why is this guy so obsessed with me?!! He doesn't even know me! And I'm very hard to trace online since I don't have a Facebook! I'm worried that he's unstable. What if he tries to find me at work or where I live? We do live in the same state and same area now. My friend is getting married in a month and I'm her bridesmaid. Her public wedding website has my name on it as well as the date, time, and location of her wedding. I'm afraid he will show up and try to find me. Maybe I'm just being paranoid but I want to be prepared for the worst. I don't think I have a case to be made with the police just yet. He hasn't threatened me or anything. But I am scared and feel that this is escating. From a legal point of view, what can I do to protect myself? One day I may need to get a restraining order against this guy. Do I even have a real case against him now? Thanks for your help. Next time he reaches out, you need to tell him clearly that he isn't permitted to contact you for any reason ever again. If he persists after that, you can start looking into legal options (restraining orders, contact the police about the harassment, etc.) 