 I'm working testing software for a very small start-up company. It's enjoyable work, and a friend who owns the company asked me to help. I'm doing the work on the side of my main job, mostly for fun but also for general technical experience. Now, I'm being asked to sign a contract with an effective date in November (about when I started). I'm fine with most of the contract language, except the following clause made me curious... : At Will Or Date Certain Or End of project: The Agreement will terminate when all work assignments under the Agreement are completed. Time is of the essence to this Agreement. Forbearance on the part of Employer to seek redress for breach of a time for performance term shall not be construed as a waiver. . Unless a different standard is specified, all work shall be performed in the manner typical of professionals in Contractor's field. If somehow the worst were to happen, and my friend/employer decided he didn't like my work product, would I just not be paid, or could I be liable for returning pay already received? Am I right to have any doubts or warriness signing this contract? My friend lives in British Company, Canada, so I believe that's where the contract would be valid.  If your concern is that they won't pay you for work done to date, then this should be added to the contract. Because this does't say that explicitly either. Now, if you are paid on an hourly basis then this may not be necessary, but keep a good log of hours. But if you are paid by the project or milestones, then you should clarify.  Does this help: : At will: This Agreement shall be terminable at will. The Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by a party or modified by mutual agreement in writing. A party electing to terminate the Agreement shall do so by giving the other party at least 14 days notice prior to the effective date of termination. or Date certain: This Agreement shall terminate on [end date or certain period from effective date]. Options for renewal clause 1) auto renew for same term or different term if no notice is given to decline renewal by a certain time, 2) require advance notice if contractor/employer is not willing to renew or extend term, 3) silence, just sign new agreement or extension if/when mutually agreed. or End of project: The Agreement will terminate when all work assignments under the Agreement are completed. Time is of the essence to this Agreement. Forbearance on the part of Employer to seek redress for breach of a time for performance term shall not be construed as a waiver.  The bit you posted does not address what happens if one of you wants to end the agreement early. It basically only says the agreement is in force until the project is done, and that you have to do the work assigned. 