 1. My coach recently enrolled at a medical school and obviously did not report the accusations and trial since she was admitted. I feel like her school should be made aware of the upcoming and past trial. I do not think she should be allowed to practice medicine. 2. The primary thing we are reporting is a sexual relationship she is engaged in with with our teammate. This violates Title IX. However, the girl is pretty brainwashed and sees us as the enemy. She is very loyal to our coach. To what extent will this hurt our case and how should we deal with it? 3. Most of our team does not know about this relationship or her history of sexual harassment. Should we tell everyone before we report it? I feel like they have the right to know. Should we tell everyone together in a group setting, or individually? 4. We confronted our coach about the relationship and she denied everything while also crying and begging us to protect her and protect the team not report anything. Does that qualify as blackmail? 5. She also admitted that the man who had been her coach when she was a student “dated” his students. Is this relevant information? Ultimately our goal here is that our coach is removed from her position. I am graduating soon and do not want this cycle of abuse to continue. She excommunicated the last students who accused her. So no one knew. Thanks for your help. Title IX allows third party complainants. You want to speak with a Title IX officer at your school. Bishops and leaders of religious orders (like the head monk or something) can excommunicate people under their jurisdiction as well. That's evidence. Good luck Relevant evidence is any documentation or eyewitness regarding this relationship. "I think Coach is fucking Sally" is not evidence. "I saw Coach and Sally kissing" , or emails, texts etc is evidence. For a TIX case to go forward, the school needs a complainant. Unless this relationship has negativity effected you- you got less minutes on the court or something- you can't be the complainant. Sounds like "Sally" is also not interested in being the complainant. However, the school can decide to be the complainant if you can have the evidence needed to start a case. Read your school's policies about this. [deleted] The best evidence would be somebody with first hand knowledge of what happened. This sounds wildly inappropriate, but not illegal. If somebody feels they were assaulted then that person can file a police report but you don't get to make that decision for them. B) left at any time She excommunicated her student? Is that the word you mean? Because I'm fairly certain that only the Pope can do that. File a Title IX complaint. If she's having a sexual relationship with a student on her team, that's gross misconduct. Most if not all schools will fire a coach who does this. If she or the school retaliates, get a lawyer.  Since everybody involved is an adult, this is a school policy issue not a legal issue. Adults are permitted to have sexual relationships with other adults. The way you are asking your questions implies you think this is akin to child abuse. Your school can deal with their employee how they see fit. What do you mean "trial"? A trial would be public record. How old are the people involved here? Are they minors?