 So I am not really sure what to do. I have a foot fetish and occasionally pay girls from omegle to show me their feet and I had been talking to that one girl from omegle over skype. I wanted to pay her to show me her feet even though she did mention she was underage, I am not sure how old she was, probably around 16. I didn´t really care because I wasnt after nudity or anything, but it did inform her that it was for the purpose of masturbating. We planned to do it, but she bailed on me and after a few days I received a message saying it was from her parents and they were going to contact the police because I tried to offer money to a minor in order to masturbate to her feet. We skyped once before just texting and her occasionally showing her feet for a second. Nothing ever really happened, I didnt pay her, neither of us received nude content. I should also mention that she is located in the US and I live in western europe. Do I have to fear any legal consequences? Could a police matter like that be followed through internationally? I kind of scared and not sure what to do, I'd appreciate any advice!! You propositioned a minor for a sexual purpose. Yes it’s illegal. Yes you can get in trouble. Just hire a legal-years-old cam girl from a real website dude, why on earth are you trolling Omegle for children’s feet? Examine your personal motivations here and figure out why you’re pursuing teenagers instead of legal feet from any of the hundreds of thousands of other girls willing to show them to you.  Even bet it is a scam and you will get a message again soon that they wont press charges if you send them X amount of money... I doubt that this will create problems in regards to German law. Just the feet don't fit the definition of jouvenile-porn in § 184c of the german criminal law book. the best translation for what is necessary that the jouvenile has to be in an unnatural position that emphesices her sex-related parts (it is really difficult to translate geschlechtesbetonende Position). Yeah they do man. There is 0 chance he'll get extradited for offering to pay a minor for feet pictures.  You did tell a minor that you'd masturbate to her, no matter what part of the body in question. The minor lives in the US, so technically the crime occurred there. If the parents do actually follow up with the police over this, you can get extradited to the US. So yeah, it can be followed up to Germany. Nope. You're fine. You're blowing this way out of proportion.  Well if you say it’s not nudity but for the purpose of masturbation that can still get you in trouble in the states. It would be harder to convict you but it is possible. Word of advice, don’t do anything with minors again