 The accident occurred in January. I was northbound entering an intersection as the light turned yellow, and the other driver was southbound in the left turn lane. He turned in front of me, causing us to collide and for my car to roll upside down. Police and firefighters responded to the scene, and the police took statements from myself, the other driver, and a witness. The police report identified the other driver as being at fault, based on all the statements provided. Spefically, they stated "P-1 (other driver) caused the collision by being in violation of VC 21801(a) - failure to yield to on-coming traffic. V-1 should have not turned in front of a vehicle with the right of way. This was established by the statements provided." I obtained the witness statement from a supplemental report. Despite all this, the other driver's insurance company is denying liability. They said the reason was that in a statement given directly to them from their insured driver, he claimed that I ran a red light and then collided with him. This statement directly contradicts the statement he gave at the scene, as well as my own and the witness statement. His insurance company keeps saying they are attempting to get a recorded statement from the witness, but the witness has said he does not wish to give another statement. The other insurance company has a copy of the police report and the witness statement, given to them by my insurance. I am just trying to figure out what the best course of action is for me to expedite this process. My insurance said that in cases where both insurance companies deny liability, they would meet with an arbitrator to determine liability. I believe that the other insurance company does not have a valid argument to deny libability. The other driver changed his statement when talking to them. Also, they insist that they need to contact the witness for a statement, but they already have a statement from him in the police report. I don't know spefically what constitutes a Bad Faith claim, though a quick Google search shows that this company has lost multiple lawsuits in the last year alone regarding bad faith claims. I really don't want to have to get a lawyer/lawsuit involved, I would just like to get this over with and obtain a settlement. Thank you for any and all help Similar situation here, had police identify other driver as at fault on the scene. Other company denies liability even though I have police and a witness say it was other parties fault. This was on 10/31/18 and I'm still going through a lawyer. GOOD LUCK, you will need it. This is something your insurance should handle. Make a report to them, they will sue the other insurance company. There is almost certainly no way to resolve this with a lawsuit or legal pressure at the very least. 