 Backstory My ex (f) and I (m) have lived together for 2.5 years. We broke up about 5 times over the course of this duration. We had a child just after we moved in together. We split up in permanently inJanuary 2019. During our dating time she unintentionally frauded the government by claiming we weren't common law when filling out the child tax benefit forms, but from the day the child was born we became common law. So after 8 months we filed our taxes and we had to pay back the money that was overlaid because of the 'error'. She was still on maternity leave and only brining in 1200 a month. I was bringing in 2200-2500. I paid the majority of the rent, food and half the bills for 7 months. She paid for the power bill and some of the food. She over spent a lot on her credit card and her parents had to help her out by paying off her debt (twice) during this period. I lost my job and was on EI a few months later and we split the bills and rent as close as we could, but I usually fell short by less than $100. So we have both been on the poor end of the relationship relying on the other to help.... But she didn't want to help support me when I was down and this ended up killing the relationship. Now to the issue... We still cohabit the same place and share the child as much as possible. We make close to the same now. I bring in 2200 a month and her 2400ish. But she also gets the child tax benefit. Another 600ish. She's trying to split the bills evenly. Rent. 1100. Power. 350. Internet. 120. Food clothes toys. 800. Other. 70+ So $2440 split down the middle. $1220 each. Here's the issue. We split the cost evenly. So now my cash on hand is $980. And hers is $1180. But she pockets the child tax benefit instead of using it on the kids to help pay for groceries or bills or anything else in the house. Should the tax benefit be used towards the things for the kids like helping with housing cost. Food cost and clothing cost? Or is it appropriate for her to pocket the money and just split the bills evenly?