 So my mother in law had an accident back in October that put her in the hospital for a little over a month. She was released with doctors orders of needing care / supervision 24/7. My wife and I had been doing those duties since her release at the beginning of December. Caregiver fatigue is setting in, as well as doctors suggesting an assisted living / nursing home being the best option long term. Catch to that is that her assets will be evaluated to determine the cost of living in the facility. She owns the home that she’s currently in (mortgaged), and has recently bought out the previous co-owner of the property that my wife and I live in. Would it be legal or in everyone’s best interest to have her sign the deed over to my wife, or would that raise red flags when her assets are evaluated? Lost and clueless, can go into deeper detail if needed. It is too late to do any of that now. There is what is called a “look back period.“ Where they can go back and see if any assets had been transferred within a certain period of time. You should follow the other advice here and speak to someone who knows. Look into a special needs trust which could help her be eligible for public assistance benefits in order to receive the care she needs but likely could not afford.  I can absolutely understand how overwhelming everything is here. Being caregivers to a parent is the hardest gig out there. I've been there as well, and absolutely hope you are managing well. I really encourage you to contact an elder law attorney. If you and your wife have been making payments toward the home and they can be verified, there is a chance that property can also be exempted. I do promise the state does not come in and count the dishes in the kitchen towards her ability to finance her care, and they are cognizant matters like carrying a mortgage for a child happens. It is just far too complex for us to unpack to be any real help. I do encourage you to make sure you're leaving room to focus on your own emotional health here. You're in a super difficult position with regards to the time and emotional commitment this type of care takes. Try your best to not worry about what might happen, and just make sure you and your wife are able to manage today every day. Take whatever assistance is out there or offered until she is placed, and for th not love of all that is good, make sure you are both getting time to yourself entirely and regularly. It is crucial to staying sane and being able to care for someone else. You need to make sure you're okay too.  We were planning on transferring the deed before the accident, but it’s sounding like it would be a moot point at this juncture. Thanks for the help, this is definitely overwhelming. Do NOT move money or assets; that is fraud. Any transfers of this type within five years can be clawed back by the state to cover medical or care expenses. As much as it might stink to think about them being "lost" to the state to cover care -- that's what is expected. People's wealth is very frequently needed to ensure they are well and properly cared for in their old age. Her home is most likely exempted as a homestead, but that is something you'll need to check into for sure. But transfer/sale of it can trigger the value of the real estate to be considered as available for use toward care, even if she just gifted it. You can not legally do that.   Mother in law's assets should be used to pay for her care. If you are contemplating some placement that relies on public assistance in her care, there will be a look back period in which transfers like the one you propose will be identified and unwound to make those assets available to pay for her care.