 I'm the non custodial parent (father) of a child in PA. Following a child support conference, I was ordered to pay approximately $1500 in arrears and a monthly payment of $895. The order states that the $1500 in arrears is due immediately and also that an additional $89 is to be paid every month to cover the arrears. I've made an initial payment of $895 + $89. The mother of my child is threatening to file contempt because I didn't pay the $1500. Is she correct in doing this and do I owe the $1500 or am I correct in paying the $895 + $89? If the total amount of arrears was $1500 then you are correct, sort of. Without any more information my guess is that judgment was entered for $1500 and it is all owed immediately (since was already past due). Now interest is accruing on the arrears. The $89 extra per month is probably the amount that the judge set to make sure that you are making some process on paying off the arrears. But that does t mean your ex can’t try to collect if faster. Maybe the judge won’t make you pay all at once, but there are other ways to collect a judgment for child support arrears. For example, levying funds from a bank account. In at least some states your state tax refund may be intercepted and paid towards the arrears. If you have non-exempt assets your ex could collect by having the sheriff take the asset and auction it off. It’s possible that a lien could be filed on any real estate you own. And so fourth. This is just a guess based on limited information. If the amount of arrears was greater than $1500 then you need to pay $1500 immediately and the extra $89 per month to avoid a contempt finding.  Is the total amount of the arrears greater than $1500? If not, it looks as though the paperwork has an error - you cannot both pay up immediately and then following make payments each month on something that has already been paid. Contact the office that drew up this paperwork and created this order whether that was your lawyer or a mediator or the courts. Ask them for clarification. You said yourself... $1500 in arrears is due immediately