 Hi, everyone! I need to know if there's any legal route my friend Wendy can take to stop from being evicted on January 7th. I'm posting here for Wendy because her nerves are shot. She's desperately looking for a place right now with little hope of finding one. Here's her story: In short though, Wendy had verbal agreement with her old landlord (her current landlord's parents) to let her stay perpetually on the farm where she lives. This is because Wendy's parents took care of the current landlord's parents almost until they died. Two years ago, however, the landlord's parents died and he's done everything since to try and get her out. Recently, within the past month, he's started harassing her daily. Basically, he wants her gone so he could move his teenage son in. Here's a bit of info straight from Wendy. Take note that she can barely write at this point and is at her wit's end, as she's desperately searching for something for her family: " this man is kicking us out because he wants to move his TEENAGE son in here.. my guess is to get him out of his hair. There IS no paperwork. We have also lived here.. Mom for 20 yrs or more.. me.. around 10. We had a verbal lease with THIS landlords mother and and father but they they died in the past 2 years.. and since then.. the NOW landlord (their son) has done everything he can think of to get us gone... My mom and I both helped the now deceased owners when their own kids (new owner/landlords) did not. We took them to appoints, Cleaned their home, picked and canned veggies from the garden for them.. " I should also add that Wendy is the sole caretaker for her mother, a cancer survivor with one lung; her sister, who has severe cardiac problems; and her husband, who's also disabled. Two months ago he decided he wanted them gone, and ever since one month ago he's been harassing her almost daily. I would've posted here sooner but I didn't even think of going this route, particularly because Wendy said she didn't have the strength to fight it, if she even could, especially considering there was never a written contract. Thanks in advance!  [removed] Not exactly the smartest idea to say your friends actual name in the post... Assuming Wendy is in the USA and does not have a written, fixed-term lease, in most states, she would be considered a month-to-month tenant, and the landlord can give her advance, written notice to vacate -- generally 30 days or so, but this varies by state. If Wendy doesn't vacate after that amount of time, the landlord can file for a formal eviction with the courts. A verbal agreement for a never-ending lease in which she can never be asked to leave, I would think, would not hold up in court. Wendy is legally entitled to written notice to vacate from the landlord so there's at least some amount of time Wendy can stay there while she looks for a new place to live. Updated! Thank you :)  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.