 I have a rare form of CHD called Tricuspid Atresia (you can google that for sake of time). But I have been blessed to be asymptomatic my entire life and are in the 1% of patients who can live a normal life. Or so I thought, turns out a long term effect of the heart surgeries I had eventually do liver damage and my cardiologist never mentioned this to me in all the years I’ve been going there (I’ve been a patient at the hospital since 8 I’m 25 now). Well I decided to do my own research and got a Fibroscan at a different hospital after it was discovered through a CT Angio that I had portal hypertension (high blood pressure in the liver). Well, the result of the Fibroscan came back and a GI doctor diagnosed me with Cardiac Cirrhosis this week. When I called my cardiologist to ask him if he knew this was a possibility his response was that I showed no symptoms and had always been looking for signs of liver damage but I never appeared to have any so he thought it appropriate not to tell me this inevitably until I was actually sick and showed symptoms. After this, he dropped the bomb that their hospital, a heart and lung center that specializes in this kind of treatment, didn’t have any surgeons on staff to do any procedure should I need any of them. That is absolutely insane. Is there a case here to sue for malpractice? I feel slighted that for so many years I believed every word that came out of this man’s mouth and he never felt the need to tell me of a life changing inevitable side effect. That is absolutely insane to me, then neglect to to tell me they had no surgeons on staff to take care of me if a problem ever arose. Let me know what you think, be gentle I’ve had a rough rough week.   Just an FYI - cardiothoracic surgeons are in generally short supply, and usually are affiliated with major hospitals, unlikely to operate in an outpatient setting because their patients often require ICU stays after surgery. Catheterizations - different case. I've seen cardiac specialty centers cath patients before with interventional cardiologists. Yes, generally any time that you have a surgery or a procedure that carries risk an informed consent is required.  For my surgeries?  You likely signed an informed consent prior to your procedure that outlined possible risks, whether broadly or specifically. Asking for a copy of your signed informed consent may be a good place to start gathering information. Honestly, there's no way to know because mind-reading isn't possible.