 I want to see if I could be held liable for services rendered at a massage salon. I had a 200.00 gift certificate from [spafinder.com]() that I had won in a raffle. There was no expiration date on the certificate. I decided to use this gift certificate today and go all out on a special spa day to help me relax. I knew of a massage place in town and called them prior to setting up the appointment to ensure they accepted this specific gift certificate. I did this because I didn't see them listed on the website and I wanted to make sure the spa accepted the certificate from spafinder. The woman at the front desk told me " we shouldn't have any issues, I will look into it and if it is an issue I will let you know". I said great I just want to make sure they accept them before I get the services. My appointment rolls around I check in. No issues. I even let the massage therapist know I was there because I had a gift certificate I had won in a raffle. It was a great massage, I got a package deal that cost 175.00. At the end of the massage I went to the front counter with my gift certificate and gave it to the lady I had spoke to on the phone. She seemed to have some difficulty entering info into the computer. Eventually she told me everything was good to go. I reiterated " so there is 200.00 on the gift certificate, I want to leave the remainder as a tip (I tipped an additional $20.00 cash because I felt the therapist had done a good job) to which she said ok. I left feeling happy and relaxed. I just got a voicemail from the front desk woman stating they had made a mistake and don't actually accept gift certificates from spafinder. " I'm not too sure what spafinder is involved with but we aren't involved with them and the coupon is not valid, can you please call us back". UMMMM WHAT. I do not have the money to pay 175.00 for a massage. I went out of my way to ensure before making an appointment that they accepted this gift certificate. My fiancee says ignore them it's their mistake but I don't want this to come back and bite me in the butt somehow. I am not calling them back until I hear from you guys. If it helps I live in Arizona. Can I be held liable for this? They have my address, spam email and name but no debit or credit card information. BECAUSE YOU KNOW I PAID WITH A GIFT CERTIFICATE \Eyeroll\   "the doctrine of no takesies backsies." I really really really hope you're being serious  Ah gotcha... I've had one of those spafinder things before and it came as a gift card so that's what I was imagining the original comment i answered based on what i thought i knew legally and of personal experience, and the comment you replied to was my personal experience with it. If my store could ask people to come back or escalate it i don't see why they cant do the same. I signed a piece of paper? However it just had me fill out things like my address and name, and specific spots I wanted worked on. I didn’t sign for anything Then do they even have proof of you having been there? (Mostly kidding) It’s not an actual card it’s a certificate. She scanned it and said everything was ok. At first she was trying to type everything and that didn’t seem to work  She probably didn't run it at the time then. Sounds like she was having trouble trying to run the card but didn't want to hold you up so took the card intending to figure it out after you left, only to find out the entire reason she was having so much trouble was because they don't accept that gift card. Otherwise usually when you use a gift card they give it back even if it's empty, or they'll explicitly ask you whether you want them to throw it away for you.  Are you answering out of your knowledge of the legal position or out of your experience of what your store would try to do? The two are not the same. Legally, this is a simple contract issue and there was offer and acceptance on agreed terms, which OP has performed. That is the end of it. as someone who has been a receptionist/manager at a spa many years, PLEASE call them back and request to speak with the manager/owner. it’s technically theft if you left without paying if the gift certificate is invalid and you can get in legal trouble, but if you explain your situation to a manager/owner, they’ll have to understand because it was a mistake on their end. we don’t accept spafinder gift certificates either and have had many instances where people have asked if we use them and we simply say no and had no issues, they have no excuse for that. please fight this. Good to know guys thanks! No I didn't :( The front desk girl just took the GC and said everything was taken care of Wrong. Any tips given directly to an employee is legally theirs. If the employer tries to punish the employee by taking what was not theirs (the $20 tip OP gave the employee) that is theft. Yup that's how I would handle it I've had this happen before, and if we have their information on file we give their phone # to Loss Prevention to call up and have them return to the store. We have their information if they were a store club member and used it on the purchase(which they usually did since it saved them hella $). People have returned and people have been banned from all of the stores locations in my state for not returning over less then 200$.  Honestly I would leave an honest review about the great massage and the terrible business tey run. Calling a costumer back for more money is rediculous and really should not happen ever. You did not run out on them while they wheren’t looking. You relaxed, you paid for the relaxing experience, they wished you a happy day and waved you out and then got you all stressed because they fucked up. I get that they want money. I also get that they aren’t getting it right now. But it’s only a $175,- massage that doesn’t actually cost them that much (otherwise they wouldn’t make a profit). If they can’t afford to eat that loss they have way bigger problems and an extra $200,- won’t fix it. If they don’t have a problem with losing out on the money, they shouldn’t be bothering OP and just hope that her happy experience means she’ll visit them again or send her friends that way. Additional. There was also a $25,- tip from the card.  Nothing good can come from acknowledging them. If a court contacts OP with a date to go to small claims, they should go, but otherwise they should just ignore them. I wonder if OP got any sort of receipt?  And if they were "obeying the law" oriented they won't charge the customer twice for services rendered.  . You made a payment in good faith with no intent to defraud them. The odds that they could, or would, sue you are pretty slim. I mean, it would cost more to pursue than they would make. I would suggest calling and speaking to a manager about the situation. I wouldn't interact with them any further. You've paid for the services rendered. If they want to, they can take it to small claims court, where they'd admit to accepting it and even confirming you can use it towards a tip. The fact you left sans gift card means they accepted it as payment. It was 4am lol. There is no pride to swallow, misread a little, that's my bad. I was the most focused on letting OP know that it definitely falls on the company/cashier. It takes a few seconds to ask a question, cashier definitely could have and should have asked, and if they didn't get a clear answer, they could have easily prepaid to make sure beforehand. Once OP is told that everything's good to go, then it's exactly that. Basic protocol is there for a reason and is common sense to most. Yes but now they’re saying they can’t use it. So if they were customer service oriented, they could give the card back since it can still be used. Just looking at it from another perspective. No one is saying they have to give m it back. Just like no one is saying she should have to find another form of payment.  If they accepted it as payment and then changed their mind demanding money, that's their problem.  It was given freely in exchange for services. If OP ends up paying for the massage then he should definitely get it back but to me it seems the gift certificate is the property of the owner now. Fair deal. The vast majority of legal massage establishments take payment after services are rendered. In legal terms we call this "the doctrine of no takesies backsies." There was an exchange of a services for consideration (your gift certificate). You detrimentally relied on their assurance that your consideration was sufficient. There was no misunderstanding of material fact - you disclosed the nature of your consideration. You should be fine. Think of it this way. When worked retail, and someone handed you a gift card, and you rang them up with the gift card, and they walked out the door with their purchase... a few hours later, can you legally demand the customer return because the gift card didn't work?  They're no longer nickel-and-diming customers to death for every extra nail that needs to be put into the tack strip? I honestly don't know how to feel about a world where Dome Hepot isn't trying to scam me for every bent penny they can grab. Yup they physically have the gift certificate.  My understanding from your post is that they took the $200 gift card, literally. In that you no longer possess it, correct? Well, then, they are SOL. They accepted something worth $200 for $200 of services. She didn’t walk away with a free day spa. She paid for it. They completed the sale. Later on is when the mistake was caught. No longer OPs problem. And she was perfectly right to call the day spa to see if they’d accept that GC. Of all places, they would be the owners to know or find out.  The OP likely gave them the gift certificate. The spa has something of value. Also, the OP would not have purchased said product if they were not told this information by an agent for said company. I agree the company should have gave OP the correct information and or tried to run the certificate before services were rendered. I would be on the companies side if they had told OP that they took it and tried to run it before services were performed, and found out they would not or could not and then informed OP prior to services.  Because that’s not good business practice and extortion like what you’re talking about doesn’t sound practical. The more likely scenario is the receptionist made a mistake and was told to call OP on the rare chance she would pay them and get the GC back.  That’s what bothers me the most about this. The entire point was to feel good. Then they ruin it with a phone call because of an over sight on their part.  I didn’t even think about that. The GC is unusable so she should get it back. Good point.  I don’t understand the down votes either. Reddit is fickle.  She used the gift card to tip $25. You aren’t entirely wrong.  Trying to get OP to pay for their mistake already makes them a shitty company. I dont get the downvotes. Just thought OP seemed like a nice person given that they tipped cash on top of the leftover amount on the gift card. Didnt know if they had thought of the fact that the tip money left might not be being used as intended. Since they went the extra mile to tip so much, figured it might be something theyd want to think about and decide for themselves whether or not theyd like to check in to it. I know i would. Thanks! I was nice and relaxed before they called and left me a voicemail asking me to pay the 175.00 I had already paid lol  I work for that company...this was a very common gripe with their home services. They got rid of most of that a little while back primarily because of these excessive complaints. In fact, carpet install is free (or just stupidly cheap if you don't meet the free offer) now. There's still a few things will get you a disposal (or even hazmat) fee but I know there's significantly fewer of them charged nowadays vs. 5 years ago when I started there. As for the OP, this one is definitely on the spa. Any reasonable manager should just eat the cost of the massage. Technically they should return the unused gift certificate too, but the odds of that happening are virtually zero. That is quite literally the nicest thing anyone had said to me all week!! To think, all this time... Down votes are because of me alone.  I did the same tbh.  A major chain that we’ll call Dome Jepot tried something similar on me. They asked me what kind of carpet I had that they were going to tear out of my home and I told them. After installation they called me and said that the carpet was a different kind than they had anticipated and needed to charge me a $50 disposal fee. I told them no problem, but I’d be sure to write a review of my experiences and make sure all my friends and family knew how my experience went. They suddenly didn’t care anymore and hung up.  Tbh, most of you are not being clearheaded. If they accepted the gift certificate, there is a likely chance they had to have checked and known about it first before rendering services. Most spas I’ve been to, you had to provide a form of payment prior. So the gift certificate has to be checked prior to rendering services. She called and asked. Great. They took the certificate before she left. Great. Who is to say they didn’t get paid from the original source and are now trying to extort her out of more money just because? Scare her to think something was wrong when it wasn’t. Don’t call them. It’s not worth the time or scam. Further, if they did sue, you know how much it would cost to go after $200 when they were in the original wrong? Stop freaking out. It’s their loss.  Except that it WAS accepted at the point of sale. Lol.  No one ever told her this gift card would be accepted. She knew it wouldn’t. She intended to steal services.  You are the reason we have downvotes.  The transaction is complete. If they call you again tell them to kindly fuck off.  I second this. Don't let them paint this as you defrauding them-they are the ones trying to take advantage of you, make that very clear. I would even take things one step farther, and demand that whoever is responsible be reprimanded/fired. Flip the tables, make sure they realize they are in trouble-not you.  What? No. I don’t work there. OP said that in her post.  Ignore them and don’t call back. They can’t come after you. Their loss if they messed up.  So you don’t believe they took the GC? And that she walked out without paying? Because at the end of the day, that’s all that matters. I have anxiety. I would be a little troubled by the voicemail as well. And not want to speak with them. And lots of folks post on here just for advice and to see what the possible outcomes are.  I obviously didn’t make this clear: I believe OP is lying. Who in their right mind would, 1. Pursue this particular spa after not finding it on the website. Who says to themselves “oh, I’m sure they’ll take this relatively obscure third party gift card even though they’re not listed anywhere on this directory of establishments who will accept this gift card”? 2. Then accept the answer “oh uh, yeah sure, we probably take that? I’ll let you know if we don’t.” Further, an appointment would never have been made before verifying whether or not this payment type was accepted. 3. Then, upon receiving a call from the spa that your relatively obscure third party gift card is not an acceptable payment method, why would you instantly assume you could be in legal trouble? If you were “promised” this was an acceptable payment method why would one be so afraid to speak with them?  They should have looked into it before giving her the okay to 1. Make the appointment 2. Get the massage and 3. Leave. Nothing cashier/company can legally do. They are at a loss, not the customer, and they need to drop it before a cease and desist is ordered. I'm gonna guess that you work/worked here just from that detail. You/coworker should have let her pre-pay to see, if you weren't 100% sure, knowing this was the only method of payment. And you should have asked management instead of assuming you know everything. Failure to swallow pride is not the customer's problem. Customers don't have a return policy. It should have been treated as "I have a debit card but don't know if I have the funds for this." In this case, you would have the customer pre-pay, right? Obviously. This is no different than a debit card and should have been treated in the same manner. OP. I strongly encourage a cease and desist. You are legally in the right. Do not let them harass you. You don't owe them jack. Not legally, not morally. This is their screw up. You did everything in your power and they agreed at the time of #1-3. Any judge/lawyer would tell you the same. Yes I replied 3x on this thread. No I do not care. i want to make 100% sure OP sees this. I'm not the only person with this opinion. I'm just another voice of honesty and reason.  In their defense, I misread it too. Oh fuck, I misread the post and I thought you just left the remaining gift card balance as one. My mistake.   What's the lesson? The customer did all they could on THEIR part. They do not know the system to this place, and tried to verify it multiple times. They left the premises with the okay to do so. Cashier should have triple checked AND pre-paid to verify that certificate would work 100%. Not the customer's screw up. They are not liable. I was a CSM since I was fifteen... I run into this all the time. There is nothing this company can legally do once they give customer the okay to leave. Cashier/company screw up. Not the customer's problem.  “I tipped an additional $20 CASH because it was a good massage” So they accepted it as a form of payment and you left? Nothing wrong here. If it was a card payment or cheque that bounced it would be a different matter but all that's happened is they messed up and are just trying to recoup their losses. My advice is to do nothing, don't even speak to them. Don't even speak to the manager or anything and probably don't go back there ever again. I do feel bad for the person who accepted it, but this isn't a sub about someone's feelings its legal advice. You're fine, I hope you enjoyed your spa treatment!  It was accepted at the time of purchase. Anything beyond that is not your problem. Source: customer service manager, customer service representative at several places. I encounter this all the time. If you were given the thumbs up AND told you're good to leave, it is not your problem. It's theirs. You left the place on mutual good terms. They should have looked at the certificate further before saying yes they would accept it, before you got the massage, and as you paid. Cashier should have verified it prior to massage, and pre-paid if there was further worry. You did all you could on your side of things. You were told you could get the massage AND leave the place, that it was accepted at the time. This is their problem, NOT yours. Even if they were to pursue legal action (they won't), it simply would not hold up as you did everything properly. At the time of sale, the payment was agreed upon. It’s not like the charge was declined because of a CC. The receptionist honored the GC and now the mgr is not. That’s not OP problem now. If I had been OP and was new to this (which I am), then I would’ve done the same. Maybe the list isn’t updated daily? Let me see if I get lucky and this spa I’ve always wanted to try does take the GC. Ok cool. They said they’d get back to me. Well.. it’s been a few hours. Doesn’t take that long to check with mgmt about the GC. Appt is still on. Goes to render payment, still accepts GC. Ok. That was the agreement. Now when closing out the manager says “Uh Karen... wtf is this?” Oh. A lady paid with it. I was going to ask you earlier but Candy Crush.. amirite? “Ok Karen, we don’t accept these. Call the client and see if we can get another form of payment”. But OP is not obligated to do this. She did her due diligence. Karen messed up. Karen’s problem.  I wouldn't worry about it. If they try to go after you, you can dispute it based on everything you told us here. They are very unlikely to sue you over the amount of money in question. It will cost too much. In addition, you have a very good defense. They accepted the card. Heck, for all you know they are scamming you. That just makes them a shitty company on top of incompetent. I’d hope they wouldn’t do that.  That doesn’t change anything though. I would’ve done the same. Like.. hey let’s see if this badass spa Taurus the GC. Awesome. They do!! Even if OP didn’t call ahead to verify, then when she was paying and presented the GC, the receptionist could’ve gotten the mgr to clear it. But they accepted it. Now it’s their “loss.” How is what you’re saying relevant to what happened? There is a reason you are the only person with this opinion in this thread. Because it is incorrect.  Ok? And? Even if OP wanted a high end massage... so what? If I had $200 to blow, I wouldn’t go to Massage Envy, I’d go to a spa too. She called ahead to see if they’d accept the GC. They told her they’d look into it. Then processed it at time of payment without getting the manager involved either time.  How does "I'm not sure if we take that" translate to "spend away at our establishment"?  Considering the tip was from the gift card balance that masseuse probably isn’t getting it either way.  You are 100% responsible to pay for that service. Your post states that the person on the phone wasn't sure if they could take the certificate and that they would contact you if there was a problem. There was a problem and they contacted you, now you're saying you're not going to uphold your end of the bargain? You should have asked at the front desk prior to actually having the massage if they could accept the certificate. You need to contact the spa, make arrangements to pay and learn a lesson.  Until they said they’d look into it and let op know. Then it was the same person who checked her out. So, maybe she should’ve looked into it ie asked her manager.  Something to consider, they might try and take the $20 you left as tip from the masseuse to try and recoup some of the cost. They certainly did not get any of the money you left them off the gift card. I'd want to try and reach out to that person to make sure they at least got to keep the cash. Not getting tipped sucks :( you both agreed to exchange service (the massage) for goods (the gift certificate). you could have also agreed to money (most common) or banana peels. it does not matter what you agree to. it is important that both parties agree and that every party delivers what was agreed upon. you got your service and are happy. they got their gift certificate. the fact that they can't make the expected use out of it now, is not your fault and not your responsibility. you gave them what you agreed upon. you could (! don't have to in any way) offer to take back the gift certificate and pay in cash under any condition you seem fair and want to offer (e.g. 50% off) if you think you might make use of the certificate elsewhere later on. but that's just an additional thing you could make out of this situation, nothing you are legally or even morally obligated to. Ignore them. Do not contact them. Get a lawyer if they sue you. Document the interaction to the best of your ability. This will probably go away but don’t make it get bigger than it needs to.