 So I wanted to know if VPN is legal in Israel, As I don't want to use VPN Illegally. I live in Israel. You know I really couldn’t be certain. It depends where you are. For instance going back to the China example, they’re extremely strict on what movies and shows can be seen in the country, so as long as you live somewhere that rules under free speech and personal rights, I can’t imagine you’ll really get in actual trouble for watching US Netflix.  Thank you very much :) I am not a lawyer or Israeli. I am not going to be able to tell you that this is legal, because I don't know. Unfortunately, most of this group is American/Canadian. That being said, VPNs are an essential tool for business and government computer networks. There are lots of websites selling VPNs to Israelis (or tourists), and most of those specifically mention Netflix. If this is illegal (as it likely is in the US), the risk that anybody would bother prosecuting you for bypassing Netflix's region locks is very low. If you're worried, I would seek out advice from Israeli tech sources (blogs, forums, advocacy groups, etc.). I can guarantee you that there are tons of Israeli geeks who have passionately done this research. Is watching US Netflix violating a law? As that's my primary focus on using VPN. I want to use VPN to American Netflix shows that are not available in Israel without VPN. Im Jewish and live in the center so I don't face said risks of the other demographics. Am I going to be able to VPN for Netflix safely without breaking any laws? Without addressing the specific question about VPNs. This article indicates that Israel has some pretty extensive internet censorship laws? Practically speaking, it may be worth considering your relative position within Israeli society. The risks associated with a white Jewish kid using a VPN to watch porn in Tel Aviv may be different than the risks facing other groups or demographics and professions.  I mean if you’re living in China, a VPN can potentially land you in serious trouble. Of course China has extremely tight restrictions on the internet. Israel is a western society and seems to be cool with personal freedoms. As long as you’re not using the VPN to violate a law or commit a crime, you should be just fine.