 Hello everyone, My husband and I moved from Georgia to Maryland at the beginning of February. We found a beautiful home that was perfect for us online. Looked at all the listings on this home and it was advertised that the home was high speed internet and cable ready. This was something big we searched for as if it did not have these things we would have moved to other listings. So fast forward and we are moving to the house. It is an old, 1930 house that was remodeled. Cable Guy comes in and we cannot find the internet or cable ports in the house. It was remodeled and the cable guy can see where there were ports initially but the remodelers must have forgotten to put it in. So fast forward some more... We contact the third party company responsible for maintenance and rent and let them know what's going on. They say to get estimates from electricians, send it to them and they'll send them to the owner. So we did and now the owner is saying it's our responsibility and that we can either 1) get a puck from Verizon for internet or 2) have the electric company install the ports. No matter which option we choose though, the owner is saying it is our financial responsibility. How is it right that the owner has advertised the property as being high speed internet and cable ready but they are now saying it's our financial responsibility to purchase the installation of the ports that should have already been here? What rights do we have as tenants? And for further help... This was not in our lease, but when is high speed internet ever included in the lease? It was included in every advertisement for the rental.  It returns to /u/somewhere_happy 's advice, then. If there is specific language in your lease rather than just the ads describing the house as cable-ready, you could hypothetically sue for the installation cost inherent in just pulling a TV cable back through the wall. (I'd double-check again with Comcast that you would need a separate contractor for just that, as opposed to for nicely-plated data and TV connectors in several locations.) Needless to say, this is unlikely to even pay back minimum wage, before counting the inevitable move at the end of your lease term. Outside of legal advice, the landlord's surprise implies that you may just be able to lean on him, by describing it as an improvement you fund directly. But you can't legally force him to take that deal.  No the renovations were just done very poorly. The cables were dropped in the wall. The old cables are still on the outside of the house (cut because previous owner did not pay any bills so the company came and cut it). The cable tech that came out to hook everything up was able to see where the cable went into the house and in the room where the internet port WAS now has a very poorly plastered spot in the middle of the wall where we can assume the wires were pulled out and two power ports right next to each other. Like I said, the reno was a bad one with contractors that seemed like they just didn’t care or didn’t know how to do things. There is a box on the side of the house but no wires running from the box into the house. The electricians that came in said they would have to run the wires into the basement and attic and then run them through the walls to the two designated rooms. The total costs for labor and supplied would be $275. This is something we honestly do not mind paying, but we just want the landlord to be held responsible for something he advertised as the place already having before we moved in. This is just one of many things we have had to deal with since moving in and him not following his end of the lease. The owner has a company that flips houses and sells them. This house was on the market for sale for 5 months before they pulled it and decided to rent and make some kind of profit. We are guessing it didn’t sell because of the problems associated with it. This is just very frustrating as I am working on my Master’s Degree online and my husband works for a IT company and needs to be able to have access to internet at home for work.  This reply clears things up, though not necessarily in a way that'll help you out. To summarize: - If there's a working cable box on the side of the house, you will have a very hard time that it's not cable and internet ready as described. This will be almost impossible if there's also a bit of coax snaked through into the interior somewhere. - As someone who worked as an installer for a while, while I can't say with complete certainity, "a port in the office and one in the living room" sounds far less like built-in ports connected to ~somewhere~ for internet" and more like a single end-to-end drop between them connected to nothing else. - The cable guy being able to see "where the ports were" implies heavily that this drop wasn't built-in; most point-to-point drops in old construction aren't run in the walls at all, but just run a cable along the baseboard or ceiling molding to a junction which screws into the wall to hold in place without cutting into it. Only an extremely bad renovation would pull out wall wiring and not plaster over the hole, while an average reno would definitely just paint over screw or nail holes. - This means the "ports" were almost definitely just furniture sitting out in the rooms, not any more an integral part of the property than a framed poster. Your landlord could have visited before the previous tenants' departure and noticed them, but not realized that the previous tenants were just unscrewing their stuff and taking it with them. Your landlord could have visited after and not realized that reno contractors would think no more of removing them to get a clean paint job than they would that poster, or that they may specifically have removed them as unwanted property left behind. - Comcast is not interested in installing things because a specific demand for "ports" does imply building it into the house, while just wanting "a cable run" is such simple work there's no money to be made. This means, essentially, your landlord is surprised and put on edge by the idea of expensive contractors in the same way he would be if he thought the previous tenants left a kitchen table and now it's nowhere to be found. Your best bet is to make your way down to your local home center, spend $25 on two surface-mount Cat5 junction boxes and a 50' ethernet cable, run it, and ask your landlord if he'll give you a rent credit for replacing the missing furniture he thought was there. We aren't talking about 2 ports per room. We are just talking about 2 ports in the whole house. One being in the living room for the advertised cable and the other one being in the office for the advertised internet. The house initially had both, but the contractors didn't put them back when they were removed (we are guessing there was bad wiring). Even the owner was shocked to learn that they weren't there when they should have been which shows us he didn't even check everything before listing the property first for sale and then for rent.  "High speed internet/cable ready" is typically understood to mean that the $1k-$100k project of running a cable from the nearest pole to a box on the side of the house has been accomplished, not the $50-$500 job (in Maryland, low-voltage cables are NOT considered licensed electrical work) of placing sockets where you'd like them. Especially for an older house, there was likely to have been a single coax drop on the nearest wall to the nearest pole used by that company, which may well have been cut off and plastered over; if it's still there, the expectation is that you'll plug a modem into it and then route cables in whichever manner works for you. At most, you're going to be able to get your landlord to cover that one initial punch through the wall, and even that much probably more by pitching it as an improvement to the property that should be deducted from the rent. Actual college dorm-style 2 ports per room like you seem to be envisioning would likely need to be torn out and redone per tenant depending on their own circumstances; it's furniture, not construction. I’m not saying you have no case. It’s possible a judge will find the landlord responsible for the cost of installing the wiring and ports based on their prior representations. But the landlord can defend by saying it is not in the contract and you had the opportunity to inspect the house before signing. Just pointing out why it’s not a clear case of who’s responsible legally for the cost. I would start by writing the landlord and explain that you relied on the house being “cable ready” as stated in the ads, and it most definitely was not. (You can include copies of the advertisements.). Request payment for the upgrade and get his response in writing. If he refuses you can sue in small claims. Of course suing your landlord while you are still living there is not ideal.  Even though it has to deal with the build of the property? He doesn't have to provide internet. We were all set to sign up for internet through the local provider. However, we can't sign up for internet because there is no way to have it in the house without the installation of lines and ports.  Lease agreements drafted by a lawyer usually include a clause that says the agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties. This is called an integration clause and means that you can’t point to prior representations, such as the advertisements, as part of your contract. All the enforceable promises have to be in the lease agreement itself. And it’s perfectly possible and common for lease agreements to address Internet service, if that’s something the landlord is providing.  Yes however everywhere said it was internet and cable ready and even the people we talked to at the third party company said we wouldn't have any problems installing smart thermostats and smart locks. And why wouldn't the landlord be responsible for paying for the installation of the ports of he advertised that the place was internet and cable ready but it's not? How is the tenant responsible for something he promised in the listings and something he's going to be making a profit off of in the future? I've never read a lease that has had internet included in the writing, or internet/cable installation.  If it’s not your lease agreement, then the landlord isn’t required to pay for it.  Xfinity and we called multiple times and even spoke with the manager on duty. They do not do the installations anymore. Xfinity and we called multiple times and even spoke with the manager on duty. They do not do the installations anymore.  You have to understand, that unless you were told that by customer service, it is likely is was just the tech being lazy.  What company?  Our cable company in the area said they don't do installations and we have to have an electrician come out and do it. 