 I live in a 1 bedroom Condo that I own. A new tenant moved in below. He doesn't appear to ever leave. He smokes constantly which has causes my condo to smell. He has homeless looking people coming and going all the time. I believe he is dealing drugs to them. I've heard him get in screaming matches with different people all the time. I'm afraid if I call the cops and then it turns out that he isn't caught doing anything illegal that he'll know it was me that called the police and he'll come attack me. Is there anyway I can deal with this situation without putting myself in some sort of danger? (Aside from moving) I would talk to police at the police station or phone (the officer in charge of your beat). I would let him know you suspect drug activity. Do not go into the other issues, just the drug part. I had a similar issue with a neighbor of a property I owned and the local police made it their point to watch from a distance and confirmed hocus pocus with all these young people coming and going. It helped that another neighbor three houses down was a deputy sheriff. The sheriffi's department began to park in the cul-de-sac out front and do paperwork and hang around. The problem renter moved very quickly as it ruined his operations. If you have a crime watch program in your neighborhood, get involved. They are usually in touch with the police beat that covers your area and can be helpful. Installing a number of cameras can be helpful to. If asked by your neighbor, you can simply say, "We have had a string of breakins in the area. I'm part of the neighborhood crime watch program now and officer so and so was telling us about. With these two cameras, I can record everything on the street." Cockroaches don't like sunshine. OP, since you live in the condo there should be an HOA. Perhaps you can make an anonymous complaint to the HOA regarding the noise and not feeling safe. After the HOA receives the complaint the responsibility would fall on the landlord/condo owner to sort out this issue. Normally HOAs have sets of rules that must be abided by regarding noise and conduct within the community. However, you are within your rights to report your neighbor(s) to the police for disturbance of the peace as you do not feel safe and it falls under disorderly conduct which is a fineable offense anonymously and explain to them of your fears of repercussions for reporting. Good luck! Please see: 