 I'll try to keep this short as I can. I live in St. Louis I rent a 3 bedroom house so I can have a yard for my dog. Sometimes I sublet out the other two rooms so I can afford it. This normally is fine but I've gotten in over my head with the new tenants who moved in together. For starters I ran a background check but it apparently missed the fact that one is a convicted felon and I didn't know. The other is a hoarder (no piss bottles I think. . ) but I didn't know that either before they moved in. They fight almost daily involving punching walls, slamming doors, and throwing shit. Hard to guess how much damage has already been done. I want them out but I'm pretty scared to be living with the people for a month AFTER I tell them to leave. I keep trying to think of reasons they would have to move out but it's out of my control. They're definitely breaking the terms of the lease at least in terms of drug use on the premises. I'm a bit more panicky since I went upstairs today and there were 6 people crashing in the living room since, "they got kicked out of their motel" Anyway the lease is month-to-month and I'm planning to give them the legal 30 days notice if they surprise me and manage to pay next months rent on time. That's still 45 days I have to live with them in the house and I'm worried the house/my stuff in it may be severely damaged by that point (more than their deposit easily) I'll take any advice but my legal questions are: 1) What do I do if they don't move out following 30 day notice? 2) If they begin stealing from me (tv, computer, etc) what can I do about it? 3) If I fear for my life, my dog, or the house is there anything I can do about it besides run/live in hotel till I can serve an eviction? In many jurisdictions, “domestic violence” includes violence by roommates. Generically speaking, you’d need proof of harm or intent to cause harm for a restraining order. An RO would be my solution  You only need to give 10 days notice if evicting for drug use.  1) Go to court to evict them. 2) Call the police. 3) If someone threatens you, or commits violence against you, go to the police.   't move out following 30 day notice? You file an eviction. Not really, if there is a legitimate threat call the police. Otherwise you'll have to evict them. 