 So here’s a story for ya: Two roommates irresponsibly adopted a dog together (they adopted a Great Dane mix and live in apartment). One of the roommates (let’s call her Bubbles) treats the dog like crap the entire time she lives there and keeps him locked up in a kennel, blows smoke in the dogs face, and so on. She ends up moving out and another roommate takes over her lease. The dog ends up hurting the new roommate (pent up energy, new roommate almost gets his femoral artery severed). So they give the dog up to some pretty cool friends (my husband and I) who own a house and have a nice yard and dogs of their own for the Great Dane mix to play with. A few months later the roommate who moved out (Bubbles) starts asking for her dog back. She is the one who paid for the dog at the humane society but other than then that the other original roommate has provided almost all care up until he gave him to us. Would Bubbles win in a court fight against my husband and I for the dog? Of course we have grown attached to him, and from what we have heard about Bubbles she never cared for him and is only doing this for the drama. Does the person (Bubbles) who signed the adoption forms have ownership claims? Or would the ones have provided all vet care, training, and food have more ownership right? If we got him licensed officially would that help our case? Sorry for the confusing story. It’s kind of a mess. This women has been coming after us and I’m afraid what she would do if she found our address.  Also small note to add, chipping the dog doesn't count as ownership, any dog can be chipped without proof of ownership and that came straight from a lawyer and the AKC, its just supportive evidence. Especially dont go and have the dog chipped after they file a suit, if they do cause itll look like you did that to fake ownership in a neautral magistrates/judges eyes. Because itll also be dated and documented when you done that and could be considered conversion of property if you altered the dog after a civil action was taken, you defineitely have a hard battle ahead, id try and offer her money or settle this before court to be honest, I hope this gave some insight. If Bubbles name is on the dog, She will have a very strong claim to the dog. When going before a small claims magistrate/judge, they don't take into account anything emotional and treat the case like a car, toaster, table. You would have to show proof she didn't want the dog then that's considered abandonment and then you could contest her "ownership" but if there is anything on her end where she is asking about the dog on texts, emails, recordings and showing expressive interest on obtaining her dog prior to her filing a civil action then it's not abandonment and will re inforce her ownership. I'm going through something similar trying to get my purebred AKC registered puppers back from someone holding him maliciously and its STILL a nightmare so I have a fair knowledge now of the in's and outs of what both parties can do and consulted 3 different litigation lawyers. Remember the judge/magistrate doesn't care about who said, they said unless there is no names on papers or recorded documentation. They want hard facts. Dogs are property in laws eyes. I know your holding the dog for GOOD reasons, but she could still file for a civil action to reclaim property, youll get served, it goes to court, if she flashes all her papers with her name as buying the dog and ownership, then youll need to prove some strong evidence that the doggo was abandoned by bubbles, because they won't do a he said, she said VS actual name on paper for ownership. I'm sorry its a tough situation for ya, your actually holding a doggo for the right reasons unlike the people holding my doggo I let temp house sit. One lawyer told me to act with your head, not your heart in this case. The loser would have to give the dog up and pay court fines. I think we are going to try this. Try a compassionate approach about how well he is doing here with his new dog friends. I’m just not sure she is mature/selfless enough to see that she has not been a responsible owner and put the dogs needs above her own. Seems like a situation we won’t win.  If she really doesn’t care about the dog, you could approach her about buying the dog from her. That may be an acceptable solition to all parties if you have the extra cash for it.  You can sue for out-of-pocket costs you incurred, but you can't charge for watching the dog (because you did it gratuitously). Would we be able to countersue for boarding costs then? Since she has repeatedly said she cannot take the dog back til April as she is homeless. She refused to take him back after the dog nearly killed our friend but won’t make arrangements to pay for the dog’s care. I’m sure she would back down if we could countersue for boarding costs for what would be 7 months of care, plus I’m sure our friend has could sue her due to the injuries the dog caused her. I want to be clear that I am not in this for the money. I would even pay for this dog as we have grown attached.  No, none at all. If I put gas and oil in your car, and pay for other maintenance, that doesn't turn it into my car. No. You don't have a case. That would be where we seem to be heading. Hoping that a judge would side with us considering she abandoned the dog and has been homeless for awhile. She claims she is getting a place in April and that she demands her dog back by then. We were originally only watching him as a kind gesture to the other original owner (our friend), but he has now said he wants us to keep him since we can take care of him. Leaves us in this shitty spot that we didn’t want though.  It's your dog. However, she can try to sue you for the value of a rescue dog. She might win but how much does it cost to adopt a dog? I would guess about $120 max. 