 Hi all, I live in Virginia, and tonight I was pulled over and ticketed for "disregarding red signal." I was driving home with my SO and going 45 MPH (speed limit of the road I was on). The traffic light turned yellow as I crossed the thick white stop line where the intersection begins. The light then turned red before I passed the traffic light (or so the officer told me). I did not see the light turn red. I assumed it was still yellow. I was the only one on the road at the time, nobody in front of me nor behind and the intersection I was going through was 8 lanes wide both ways (northbound/southbound and eastbound/westbound). After a few hundred feet an officer pulled me over. I had to ask why I was pulled over as he only asked me for my license and registration when he approached my car (a Dodge Charger). He then quickly told me that I ran the red light and he was going to ticket me for it. He took my license with him came back with a ticket that says "disregarding red signal". After explaining to him that I entered the intersection after the light turned yellow, he still said that since I did not pass underneath the traffic light before it turned red that I was breaking the law. I found the statue that describes the laws on light signals in Virginia [here](). It states that a "steady amber indicates that a change is about to be made in the direction of the moving of traffic. When the amber signal is shown, traffic which has not already entered the intersection, including the crosswalks, shall stop if it is not reasonably safe to continue, but traffic which has already entered the intersection shall continue to move until the intersection has been cleared." What I get from this is that I am permitted to clear the intersection since I was already in it. So should I go to court to fight this case or just plead guilty and move on?  [removed]  OP is interpreting the law correctly. Bring a copy of the statute with you for reference and good luck. I don't disagree with this guy that you could be found guilty (because plenty of cops, prosecutors, and judges are assholes), but know that you are in the right.  And even if he does your court date will just get moved. So you waste time showing up on like a Wednesday mid day at court and then sit through an hour of cases and your turn comes and your officer didn't show up so they move the date again Agreed with others that you’re not going to hurt anything by going to court and pleading your case. You might get lucky or Judge might cut you a break. But also be aware there’s a very good chance you will be found guilty. Yellow lights are timed based on the speed limit and size of the intersection so that vehicles approaching the light with not enough time to stop can safely make it through before red. Your story that it turned yellow right as you crossed the stop line and was then red by the time you made it under the traffic light is flimsy. And it’s the story that just about everyone with this ticket goes to court with.  As a Northern Virginia resident. Our cops never miss court so it's very rare that'll get dismissed. Aside from the time you spend, it won't hurt anything to go to court. However, under oath the police officer's story might change so that it was red when you entered. Or, he might not show up and the whole thing will be dismissed.