 Georgia Tech's new football coach is in LOVE with Waffle House (like seriously in love) and because I like photoshop and Georgia Tech, I made [this design](). I am 99% sure this would be considered fair use because the shapes I used were self created (didn't just overlay text on their design as well as it being a different font but wanted to see if I was correct. Thank you!  Selling an infringing product for profit is not fair use. You should be asking whether your design infringes someone else’s trademark. A qualified IP lawyer could help you with that, but why would you want to take on Waffle House? WH could crush you like a bug, legally speaking, and if it learns of your shirts it might well do so because if you have a trademark you have to protect it.  You might qualify for reduced/free legal assistance : - see if you qualify - see if anyone there can help you research a bit about the WH trademark and look up historic tort cases involving TM or CR infringement with WH. Last time I looked up copyright law, there had to be a greater than 20% difference between the original and your usage - in this specific usage, you admit that staying closer to georgia tech's colors would make it look bad - so your only real traction with your proposed product is in simulating waffle house's logo as closely as possible - you're likely to receive a cease desist . A copyright/trademark/ip lawyer would help you figure out if you're in the clear, if you need to apply for licensing, if you're even allowed to use the phrase "georgia tech" in a for-profit setting without georgia tech's permission, etc. It would be for my own profit and I used Adabi MT Condensed and I don't believe that's their font. I think the gold could be successful but I don't think it would be as successful. I actually was open to an idea that someone told me and that was to ask Waffle House Corporate about selling the idea or creating a partnership but with me being a singular person, I'm 99% sure they would just rip off my idea and sell it as their own.  It would be for my profit. And I used Adabi MT Condensed so don’t believe it’s their font although their font isn’t public. I don’t think it would be as successful but I certainly could ask around.  So you would want to sell it on a shirt for profit ( your benefit ) , or for non-profit ( school's benefit ) ? You're using waffle house font, waffle house layout, waffle house shade of yellow Do you not think using georgia tech's shade of yellow would be as successful or sought after? Most likely selling it. Not on a huge scale though.  What are you planning to use it for?