 Hello, For the past couple of weeks our 5 year old daughters school has been calling CPS on us because she is having accidents at school, the third time they didn't even contact us or anyone else until several hours after school had started, it was around 12:00 PM and when we picked her up there was a police officer questioning her. We have always made sure she wears clean clothes/underwear and although she is out of pull-ups she still has occasional accidents. In the most recent complaint the school said our son "looked cold" even though he was wearing an insulated fur jacket, sweat pants and snow boots. They didn't bother actually asking him if he was cold. We did, and he said he wasn't. The problem is that we just talked to CPS again today and they said that the case has been found as "substantiated" and we are therefore guilty of neglect. This is the one about our son "looking cold" while at school. The reason she said it was substantiated was because of the number of calls in such a short period of time. Our son (11) said there are kids there wearing shorts without jackets in 20 degree weather, I don't understand their vendetta against us when there are clearly more serious issues going on there and we have been doing our best to resolve the problem. Anyway: We are freaking out and we don't know what to do, we have always been compliant with the school and CPS because we would never neglect our kids, they are well taken care of and provided for, surrounded by people that love them and this is really shaking us up. Any help or advice would be appreciated. Thank you! Location: Oregon. As far as I understood, and I agree that it is weird, the number of calls is the only reason I was given over the phone for the case being substantiated. They also said that the paperwork will be mailed to us and that with it we can file an appeal. Asking for the full report sounds like a good idea. Thank you.  What other reasons are they giving for it to be substantiated? It sounds like your case manager didn’t give you the full story or you didn’t share all of the details here. Regardless, you only have a limited amount of time to request a copy of the full (but redacted) report and to dispute the claims as false.  Alright, we will work on contacting an attorney. I forgot to mention that we have an appointment with CPS tomorrow, it was supposed to be this morning but they rescheduled. Should we have another meeting with them or should we wait until we have received legal advice? Thank you.   "substantiated" and we are therefore guilty of neglect. This is the time to engage an attorney. 't understand their vendetta against us when there are clearly more serious issues going on there and we have been doing our best to resolve the problem. The fact that this undoubtedly isn't the worst or most pressing issue of neglect does little to change the facts or circumstances of your situation. It may be possible to resolve this matter by working with CPS. But with a finding of substantiated neglect you need legal advice in working forward.