 ...and rent keeps going up. I live in a rural part of Alabama in a mobile home park. When I first moved into this neighborhood 15 years ago, it was a nice place to live. The street and sanitations were kept up, the neighbors were all nice and respectable to the property, decorating their lots to make the most out of living in poverty. Over the past few years this entire neighborhood has fallen apart and my landlord does absolutely nothing about it. I've become somewhat of a figurehead in the neighborhood, so when people have problems they usually come to me because I can comfort them and offer advice. There are numerous people who had moved into the neighborhood who are obviously abusing drugs. The other day while teaching my daughter to ride a bike I found multiple syringes inghe road. There are constantly crackheads or whatever walking up and down the street causing problems, stealing gas, etc. There are stray dogs that roam the neighborhood who belong to his tenants yet he does nothing about it, not even addressing the owners. The house across the street from me burned down from an electric fire (which he had some redneck install) and it has sat there for a year now, half burned up and condemned. Multiple residents have complained about sewage and septic leaks hooked up to their mobile homes, to the point where there is raw sewage underneath the homes. My landlord cameover one day to hook the drain line of my dryer up to the waste line, and instead of doing it correctly, he has just let it drain out into the front yard turning the lot into a mud bog. None of the grass is ever cut like it used to be, there's trash all over the road from the new tenants, and worst of all, fucking despite all of this, RENT KEEPS INCREASING MULTIPLE TIMES A YEAR as well as bogus fees such as an abandoned vehicle fee, grass cutting fee and various other i can't recall at the moment. I'm not sure if this is the best subreddit for this post, but me and the few neighbors who care need some sort of advice to change this. Isn't there some sort of consequence to letting all of this happen? The sewage on the ground? The dogs running around? The burned down house I've been staring at for years? Something has to be done and I'm at my whits end. Thank you in advance for any advice that leads to finally cleaning up this place to the way it was when we moved here. If it matters, all of the tenants own their mobile homes while he owns the land and I know for a fact is responsible for the septic system. If you don't like your neighourhood then you can move. Your landlord isn't responsible for the neighbourhood. Sounds like my neighborhood. Sadly, I own. If the landlord is raising the rent multiple times a year, I'm assuming you're on month-to-month. They're allowed to do that. You're allowed to leave. If you're on a year lease, they can't add random stuff. Have you called your city/county about habitation issues and other concerns? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.