 Recently I was contacted by someone that said they purchased a Motorcycle that was titled in my name and they wanted a bill of sale. Told me who they purchased the bike from, etc. Long story short, I had given the bike to my brother in law to fix it and he was supposed to tell me how much it was to fix so we can work out money. He divorced my sister and I tried to get possession back but never heard from him again. He never titled the bike in his name and he just sold it for $1500. 1. He never paid any taxes on that sale as he never titled the bike in his name (illegal correct?) 2. I never got paid anything for this transaction. What legal recourse do I have, should I report the Title Jumping, and is it worth pursuing? Thank you for your time. Without the title signed by you the "buyer" is in possession of stolen property. Get his information and then ask him to rerun your stolen motorcycle. If he refuses tell him you'll get the police involved. Yea that may be the best option. I don’t want the bike back and I don’t want the buy to be caught in the middle of this when he just bought something. But I also don’t want my BIL to be able to just walk away with 1500 tax free dollars... My (ex) BIL gave the buyer the lien satisfied from the bank that was in the bike seat and the keys. Took his money and that was it. Now the guy is contacting me for a bill of sale? You could report your ex-brother-in-law to the police for stealing your bike and selling stolen goods. One of you would then have to go after him in small claims court for the value of the bike, depending on whether you want the bike back (then the purchaser would have to sue your EBIL in small claims court), or you want the purchaser to end up with the bike (then you’d be the one to sue the EBIL in small claims court). I’m guessing you wouldn’t think this was worth the effort though, since you didn’t report this to the police when he and your sister split. However, a few reasons this might be worth reporting are the back excise taxes due, any back vehicle insurance due, and in case there were any accidents involving the bike while it was in his possession that you might be liable for. You might be able to split the difference of covering your butt and not wanting to do a lot of effort, by reporting the theft/resale to the police, letting the purchaser hang on to the bike, and not bothering to take your EBIL to court for its cost.  He didn't. I have it. That's the thing. How did your former BIL get the title? Apparently your Brother in Law sold something that was not his. That usually constitutes theft. The buyer apparently purchased stolen property. So, I would report the bike stolen (by your BIL) and the police can recover it. The buyer can go speak with your BIL about the return of his $1500.