 I work for a financial institution that had an armed robbery in Texas. Afterward I gave my statement to detectives, feds and task force. Couple days later a officer (not a detective or investigator) sent me a facebook message asking for more details, I found this very odd and ignored it and sent the message to our corporate security, and told them b/c it was so odd i was requiring them to get me an attorney. The corporate security officer said he didn't believe that was necessary and would reach out to the officer directly. Its been a couple weeks and the security officer said he hasn't heard a response back. Yesterday an agent from the FBI's "special victim" department said they had a letter for me and dropped it off with my employer saying i was a victim of a crime and to monitor the case with some special pin. I spoke with one of my co workers today asking if the boss had given her a letter since she was there at the time of the robbery and she said she had not. I was concerned when the officer reached out to me via social media and this raises my suspicion. Should i contact an attorney and demand my employer pay for it? It goes without saying that I had nothing to do with the robbery its just my overly suspicious attitude.  They would have no reason to do that, if you might be under investigation they won’t want to protect you. If you think you want a lawyer you should hire one on your own who is working with only your interests in mind. its the local PD not the FBI. There is more to the story  i want to hire one, but them pay for it I think you need to go to the police station directly to speak with them. The FBI reaching out via social media seems odd. The FBI leaving you a letter, but not you co-worker seems odd. Just something about this doesn't feel right. A part of me wonders if the people contacting you are really LE. This doesn't sound like you're under investigation, this sounds like... Just odd. Just keep in mind that any attorney your company hires will be looking out for them. If you feel the need for an attorney, you should hire your own. At this point I'd say its unnecessary. Social media is not the proper ways for the police to contact you. So unless you're brought in for questioning or have charges filed against you, I'd think you're fine. 