 I am a business student in my third year. It is mandatory to perform an 80hr internship before graduation, and I figured I would do it early my third year right when I become eligible for the accreditation. My school has an active career center and I have built a relationship with my advisor. The advisor forwarded me an email they received from a business in the field I want to work in looking for an intern. They strongly recommended the position for me, I applied, interviewed and was accepted on the spot. After starting I found the workplace is toxic, the owner is verbally abusive and throws things around when they are mad which we have to dodge to avoid injury. The work I am doing is also FAR outside what an unpaid intern can do, and I’m expected to be on call at all times IE: I’m an illegal worker. I have previously brought this and my other concerns up to my school and they brushed it off telling me to just finish my hours. My supervisor outlined in my internship contract has just resigned as a result of the owners latest behavior, so I will no longer be able to continue. The supervisor wants to just sign off my hours as she feels I did more than enough to earn the credits, but my advisor wont let her. I have completed and signed off 50 of the 80 hours, and my school is unsure if they want to give me the internship credits. My mental health has greatly suffered because of this internship, and I also had to pay for Uber’s or expensive parking to be there, as well as was asked to buy coffee for the owner unimbursed (while being an unpaid intern) I can’t afford to do another unpaid internship to get the credits. What can I do? What laws are being broken? My main goal is to just get the credits. I feel my school is being unreasonable and holds some liability.  Thank you, I know this is a simple comment but it meant a lot to hear. Will continue to work with the school on getting somewhere.  I was under the guise that I would be reimbursed  You didn't have to buy the owners starbucks. You could have said no to that.  Yes, I was prepared for the cost of working there for the time needed to finish the hours. Now that those costs have sunk - I’m not sure I can do it all again. Parking costs alone in my area are often upwards of $20 (up to $50), and I’m also losing money from being unable to work at my paid job. Throw in the owners Starbucks order and I’m paying a significant amount just to work in an abusive environment for free.  If you don't like this answer, all it means is that there isn't a good legal angle to this problem. It doesn't mean there is no solution. Cost of travel or parking is a very common thing that adults have to consider when determining where the best place to work is. It's not illegal for him to be an asshole and yell at you. If you were hit with anything he threw, you could certainly file a police report for assault. I don't see any laws being broken here. You did not finish your hours so your school has no requirement to pretend that you did.