 So I’m the tenant of a house in the process of foreclosure and as tenant of many years I’m interested in purchasing the property and have a few questions: -As a tenant, do I have the unique ability to contact the lender directly to make an offer? Or do I have to participate in the auction like everyone else? I’ve heard varying opinions on this. -According to many sources, the house is either in pre-foreclosure status, or has already been foreclosed. However, I have not received any notice of the foreclosure whatsoever. Is something wrong here? -Am I still obligated to pay the rent for the time-being? I have not talked to the landlord about this as this is all new news to me. I found out through public records online. Thank you. 1) You don't have a unique ability, but you may have semi-unique knowledge that it's being foreclosed. If it's a small local bank go talk to them and see if you can make a deal. This is complicated by the fact that they may be obligated to try to get as much money as possible, and prove that they tried to get as much as possible. If it's a large bank they are going to follow their standard procedures. 2) If it's already been foreclosed they should probably have let you know. 3) Yes you are always obligated to pay rent. Try r/realestate.  Thank you for your thorough response. As far as the lien holder goes, isn’t it just their interest to minimize loss and have at the minimum the principal (plus whatever interest or late fees) paid back to them? Also, is it possible to contact the lienholder (bank) directly to make an offer on the property before auction? If so, how? The lien holder wants as much money as possible from the property. If you want the home, you need to be able to finance/purchase it. There is a process of this. Get approval now. You should be able to see the status of the home on real estate listings like Zillow. Since you are in the home now. I'd assume that it's in pre status. Yes. You still owe rent to the current landlord. What they do with the money is none of your business, technically. Landlord can still wreck your credit if you do not pay, ruining your chance to buy. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.