 An family member (age 63) of mine was terminated in Minnesota from their job unexpectedly (no prior indication of employment issues). The business, a small company (\~10 employees), is privately owned. The owner called this member into a "meeting" and told them immediately that they were being terminated and should leave within 15 minutes. The owner indicated clearly that nothing was to be further discussed. An outstanding bonus from 2017, whereby the owner of the business understands the amount according to agreed terms, remains unpaid. When the family member asked if they could discuss briefly the 2017 unpaid bonus before leaving, the owner replied in end-effect that the family member "did not generate enough revenue and that they would not be paid". At this point my family member exited the business without further discussion. In addition to the 2017 bonus outstanding, a 2018 bonus had not yet been evaluated in 2019 or paid. No severance was offered, and the last communication was the termination itself. What recourse is available in this case? I understand that in Minnesota, an employee is allowed to demand that outstanding wages (including bonuses) be paid in 24 hours. Should a lawyer be approached in this case, or notification simply sent on the business owner. Any other advice? Thanks! Thank you for your time to respond, your thoughts provide a outside prospective which give us / my family member a path to consider. To briefly answer some questions you raised, there was an agreement in place for both years. The incentive was based on commission on projects delivered. I am not aware of any language included in the agreement respective of employment as a condition of payout, but this will be reviewed. There was no schedule to payout the 2017 incentive which was held to by the owner, in fact the discussion had started with the proposed reconciliation of the 2017 achievement, however the owner did not follow up on the conversation. It would appear he was no longer in agreement with the terms he originally set out in the incentive scheme and delayed. Regardless we will take it to an attorney, and see what comes of it. You time to reply was greatly appreciated. Thanks!  It’s always worth trying to get a free consultation from a plaintiff’s employment attorney! If you call three in your area you will usually find a gentle soul willing to give you some preliminary indication as to whether the case would be strong enough for them to be interested in taking it on (of course it’s possible that if the bonus is small the attorney won’t want the case even if they think it has merits, but they would explain that to you). I can share what i have read up about online in the past during my days in accounting- which of course falls well short of the legal advice you can only receive from a licensed attorney. Three important questions to answer: First did the company have an official bonus plan document which set a target payout and discussed things like the company performance criteria (ie revenue) and any individual-focused criteria (ie a certain performance rating for the year in question)? Second- did the bonus plan guidelines (assuming they existed) specifically address the situation where an employee left before the payout (ie language like “must be on active payroll at the time of payment”). Third- when was the 2017 bonus scheduled to be paid out, especially with respect to when the family member was let go? Depending on the answers to the questions above it’s possible that the family member could have a breach of contract action (if there was a formal bonus plan and it included an ascertainable target and formula for payout and the company / family member met all of the proscribed eligibility requirements). States often do have bonus-specific rules on whether employees must be paid for the bonus when they worked the entire year but are terminated before the payment date- so you will want to research the Minnesota rules, which may be in judicial opinions as opposed to codified statutes (these are usually separate from the “wage theft” statute you mention; bonuses may be counted as wages for one purpose like withholding taxes but not for another). Alternatively - IF there was a formal bonus plan which set a target amount along with the necessary criteria AND all of those criteria were met (including the company’s financial performance) AND the employee was terminated right before the scheduled payout date then it’s possible to argue that this was a bad faith termination which violated Minnesota’s public policy (assuming Minnesota has such a public policy). This argument has won in some states when the circumstances are particularly egregious (think along the lines of a salesperson who finally succeeds in landing a very large client after years of effort, only to be terminated the week before they would have received the correspondingly enormous commission bonus). This too would require some research into MN court cases as well. 