 I inadvertently bought counterfeit Auto parts from a company online. I didn't realize it at the time, but they admit on their website they are unauthorized to make these parts. It would be akin to a company making a working apple iphone from bits and pieces of broken iphones. The pieces aren't always from the same model. They might be selling a product as an iphone 7, but it has iphone 5 and 6 parts in it. This company has admitted they have no "Apple" authorization and no formal training from them, they are also unable to get parts from them to do proper "repairs". It is because they are unauthorized that they have to get parts from a 3rd party vendor. They are passing their product off as the real thing regardless of this situation. So obviously, I spent thousands on these parts and now they don't work. I am well within my warranty period and the company has told me to kick rocks. I filed in small claims, and since the vehicle is my work vehicle.. I have decided to ask for my initial loss from the purchase and loss in revenue since the truck has been down for 6 months because of these parts. I filed in my local courthouse, I believe we can get jurisdiction because the company claims to be doing business world wide. Will I be able to use ebay and BBB reviews to show that this company has major issues with these parts and many people have gotten bad counterfeits just like myself? I understand that normally this would be hearsay... but I just want to use the ones where this company has replied and acknowledged the customer as being a real customer, and the situation as being true. Would that be possible to get in to small claims court? Objection: Hearsay. Also, I probably wont specifically ask for that much lost revenue. I want to expose the shady business practices and ask for treble damages. The pattern is that the companys business model is selling counterfeit products to its customers as the real thing, and when it breaks, and it always breaks, they aren't upholding the 1 year warranty/refund. There’s really a lot wrong with this story. Most notably that it’s hard to imagine getting six months of lost revenue over truck parts in small claims court. Or probably anywhere. You may be able to get your reviews into evidence. They wouldn’t seem to prove anything useful to your case. The fact the company has sold parts they manufactured themselves to others doesn’t do anything to prove whether they sold parts they manufactured themselves to you. Or whether that action was contradictory to their sales agreement with you. The pattern that you are trying to establish may be problematic.