 I am not from the US. My sister immigrated to the US while my sister was pregnant with the help of our stepmom who is already in the US. There's an incredibly long back story but I hope I can explain the summary clearly. My sister was brainwashed by our stepmom into giving her custody of the baby by being accommodating and helpful at first: paying her plane ticket to the United States, had her stay in her house, and giving financial help. But soon after, stepmom was abusive and had my sister do slave work for her until she had to move out. My sister has waited for years for our stepmom to give back the custody of the baby. Stepmom has given her bullshit demands and my sister did those demands anyway, but stepmom bullshited her way out of it until they went to court. My sister's baby was with our stepmom's custody for her first two years (the baby is 4 now) and the court in Maryland ruled custody to my sister but also ruled that in order for stepmom to not be immediately removed from the baby's life, a 3 day visitation schedule every two weeks is necessary. My sister is married to an American and they are living in a stable home. But the visitation is still a problem as stepmom is very toxic and has sociopathic behaviors that are too dangerous for the baby. She belittles and gaslights everything about my sister and how she thinks she's the baby's mother. My sister lives in upstate New York and she is required to have a six-hour travel to Maryland back and fourth twice every visitation. She is very dominating and charismatic and had made the court agree to the demand that my sister needs to be the one to travel back and fourth during visitation. Last month, stepmom delayed to give back the baby on time for hours after the visitation schedule even though she knew about the dangerous snowstorm on the way back home to New York. My sister has filed an emergency motion to Maryland Court for the visitation rights to be revoked or at least stepmom should be the one to travel to New York but it was not granted. She also tried moving the case to New York, but to no avail. I am not knowledgeable with US laws and I feel helpless not knowing how to help my sister. What can we do to stop the visitations as soon as possible? Hire an attorney, but don’t count on it changing much. First the case will not be transferred from Maryland, the Maryland court has continuing exclusive jurisdiction over the matter. If stepmom continues to not follow the custody order she can file to have it changed, but a single incident isn’t going to do that.