 I will give as much detail as possible, if I left anything out please ask. My soon to be ex [30M] and I [24F] are finally getting a divorce. We got married 6 months after dating (terrible mistake, I know) and he’s taking everything. We didn’t start with much, we both worked and went to school full time. He graduated a couple of years before I did and made somewhere around ~$100k total comp (this is what I was told). I didn’t graduate until December and before that I’ve always made around ~$40K. He has a spending problem. Any and everything he buys has to be the best of the best. He blew through any ounce of money we ever had. Not to mention, over the past year and half I have received over $100k in an insurance settlement from a car accident that I was in (he was not involved). All of the money is now gone because he bought so much stuff. And somehow he has around $50k in credit card debt. I have about $5k. The only thing that he left me with is my car, my clothes (he even took some of those), my expensive gaming computer, our bedroom furniture and couch (it’s financed in my name) my motorcycle helmet, (he took my motorcycle and motorcycle gear, even though he has no use for it) and a few small things that he knows I would have no use for. He did take my legal documents (birth certificate, passport) and I’ve requested to have them back multiple times. I don’t have the money to get an attorney, and the thought of it is very scary because his parents are very wealthy and they could afford someone good, and I’m scared to deal with all of this in court and lose, so I’m contemplating just signing all of it away. It’s just stuff. I’m not a very materialistic person, but it’s a lot of money that I feel like I’m walking away from. Any advice/tips would be very helpful.  Here’s the other thing you have to consider, if his parents are well off he’s almost certainly going to have an attorney and will try to stick you with as much of the debt as possible. This is a situation where 5-10k of debt now might save you 50 or 60k in a year.  You most definitely need a lawyer to minimize how much of that debt the judge says you’re responsible for. It’s unfair and sucky, but a lawyer is the best way to protect yourself.  Part of me just wants to wipe my hands clean and start over. I don’t necessarily care for the “stuff”, but if there’s a way I can recoup some money I would like to. I just don’t think that’s possible because he spent it all.   Surrendering to the absolute-worst-outcome because you are afraid of "losing" is absurd. 