 I've been wanting to publish a book for quite sometime now, but have been rather turned off by the whole process of it. I don't really want to self-publish (I don't think I'm cut out for that sort of ordeal) so that would mean I'd have to choose a publishing house. The only problem is that I want to make sure I don't get taken advantage of. I'm very scared that I'll end up signing away my rights to the book or something else along the same lines. Would it be worth it to get a lawyer (I know they can be expensive and I'm just not sure what they'd be good for as far as publishing goes)? And are there certain things I should look out for when signing a contract? Just a bit confused, thanks! Yes but they are not a lawyer.  Lol true. Would an agent be able to look over any contracts I receive to make sure I'm not being taken advantage of? As mentioned above - getting an agent is often part of the process. They act as an advocate for you in publishing deals. The ordeal is often not being able to find a publishing house willing to take a risk on your work. Harry Potter was rejected 12 times... Yeah, I think the main reason I don't want to do self publishing is because I have to market, design, and edit my own book. Apparently, many publishers will do that for you. And thank you for the advice, I'll certainly look into entertainment lawyers.  'd have to choose a publishing house Or more likely, they would have to choose you. 'm just not sure what they'd be good for as far as publishing goes)? And are there certain things I should look out for when signing a contract? Just a bit confused, thanks! (Also I live in California) Yes, you can get a lawyer if you are offered a publishing contract. Hmm, what sort of ordeal do you mean, with regards to self publishing? If anything, from what I’ve heard traditional publishing is even more of an ordeal (for example, getting an agent, getting a publisher, making their required changes, waiting waiting waiting, and they still expect you to already have an established social media platform.) If you are able to get a publishing deal, you can certainly hire an entertainment lawyer to look over any contract you sign.