 I work 40 or more hours a week and I filled a 1099 form because at that time I didn't know what it was. Now I owe several thousand dollars to the IRS and I'm not sure what to do about it. My boss told me that being on a 1099 wasn't illegal so I trusted him, but after some quick googling I found out he was lying. After confronting my bosses about it, they offered to pay what they owe me, but it was only about a quarter of what I have to pay. They say that on a W-2 the employer pay 7.65% of the social security and that was the amount. Honestly legal action would be my last case scenario because I don't want to screw them over. File a complaint and file a missing W2 request with the IRS. File your taxes like an employee and ask for a refund of excess taxes paid. You aren't making them close because the IRS is alerted to the situation, they would close because they are treating their employees unfairly and running their business illegally and/or unethically. That is a choice on their end, and completely of their own doing. It probably is a good guess that they screw employees out of overtime, steal tips and make staff cover walkouts as well.  If they can't afford to run their business legally, it's not your fault if it goes under. It was my CPA that informed me that what my employer was doing was probably illegal. This actually happened 2 years ago, but i got a notice from the irs last month that i still owed 2 grand even though i already filed the taxes from the years that I worked at that restaurant. I don't want to screw the whole company because if the restaurant closes because I report them to the IRS it would make me feel horrible.  What if I already paid the taxes? I had to borrow money from a family member. 0% chance you're legally classified as a 1099. File a complaint with the state department of labor. This isn't about screwing them over. You need to decide whether you'd like to pay several thousand dollars of their tax bill or not. If you don't want to pay, file the complaint. If you do want to pay, just foot the bill and file your taxes.  Ah forgot to put it. I'm in the food industry as a cook. It isn't illegal to be a 1099. If it was illegal, no one would be designated a 1099. OP - what is your general job description. It's possible that you were misclassified. The 7.65% is absolutely the correct number and all your employer should have been paying. You owe several thousand to the IRS because nothing was withheld. Had you been a w-2 employee not only would an additional 7.65% be witheld from your check for FICA you also would have had taxes withheld from every paycheck based on the w-4 you should have filled out had your employer classified you correctly. What you now owe is 15.3% for FICA (your employer has indicated they will pay their half to you) and all income tax that was never withheld from your paychecks. I am self-employed and regularly get 1099s. 35-40% of that automatically goes into savings because I know most of it will be going to the government quarterly.  Yes they should have been paying your FICA but all along they should have been withholding state and federal income taxes and sending those to the tax authorities regularly. You are still on the hook to pay for those since they were not deducted from your paycheck and sent in by your employer. So how much does someone have to screw you over before you stop worrying about getting them in trouble? They had no qualms about any legal repercussions you would be facing when they gave you the shaft. Your loyalty is well placed anywhere but here.  Technically yes, but it’s likely you’re filing wrong. Go to HR block or a cpa to re-file. 