 Last year I was involved in a car accident that resulted me in receiving a claim check from Geico. I received this check on 1/22. I decided to not put it into my Wells Fargo account and instead open up a new checking and savings account with Chase. I made a split deposit with the personal banker and put 12k into my checking, 3k into my savings. The receipt and the Chase app told me the funds would be available to me 1/24. 1/24 comes and on the app it no longer says that a deposit is processing and my accounts are still at $0.00. I call Chase and they tell me that they have closed my account because my check could not be verified that it was paid to the order to me. They also could not find an image of the check. 1/25 I call Chase again and they state they have mailed me back my check and I will receive it within 5-10 business days. 2/7 I go back to the branch I originally made the deposit at because I have yet to receive a check. A personal banker helps me and calls the back office and they state they never mailed me a check and they cannot see an image of the check or the physical check or even the deposit and I would need to contact Geico to be issued another check. I call Geico and they tell me that they cannot issue another check because it states that the first check they issued me has been processed and the funds have been released. The banker then puts in a research request and formal complaint. I feel like nothing has been done for me and I’ve gotten nowhere close to a solution in regards to receiving my funds. Chase cannot find my check or where the funds were deposited. I have my original receipts for the deposits, a picture of the check I originally deposited, and all the calls and visits I’ve made to Chase. What else can I do? Is this a possible lawsuit?  Depends on how much it will cost, and whether it has/will negatively effect your credit. Good question for a lawyer.  Complaint center finally got ahold of me. The research request worked and they found my check and acknowledged that they made a mistake and finally credited me the 15k to my account this morning. Only thing is that this took over a month and has caused me to be late on bills and payment for school. They told me if I want the restitution I requested in the demand letter I would need to go to court. Would it be worth it? Do you think I have a case?  I would expect them to, if anything, retain an additional level of documentation around a check they claim to be incorrectly deposited or where they have taken adverse action such as closing an account. Just a theory here, but is it possible that a teller or someone else at the branch was trying to pull some kind of scam where they cashed the check but handled it incorrectly in a way they knew would cause it to be lost or incorrectly captured and thus partially obscure their role? I agree with other posts here that if Geico is correct and the funds were released to the bank then the bank will have the ability to follow those funds fairly well. In any case it sounds like you have kept good documentation and handled this well so far. Chase failed to grasp the problem early on but your demand letter is likely to shake out the truth which, in all likelihood, is that the underlying cause is good old human error on the part of Chase. Legally, if they accepted the check for deposit they are responsible for clearly showing its disposition and resolving the issue. Ultimately you have recourse to sue them in the unlikely even that they do not resolve or show you satisfactory progress over the coming days.  It's much more likely to be incompetence than fraud. This is what I would like to know too! They can’t find an image of the check or the physical check itself but Geico says that the funds were processed and released! It’s a ghost check. Chase is trying to say that the check I deposited originally was never endorsed to me but a Law Office and that’s why they closed my account and rejected the deposit. How would that be possible if it went through me, a personal banker, and a teller before it was deposited? Why would they let me deposit a check that was not endorsed to me? Thankfully I have an image of the original check. I'm curious as to what happened to the check. If the physical check itself had been lost between the time of your deposit and when they shipped it off for processing it would have fallen off of your account as you described but then not be sent to Geico for collection. Update with results please!  I didn’t think of this! Thanks!  I went to the branch after writing this post and actually went to the branch and talked to the manager and served them with a demand letter. This definitely caught their attention and I was immediately put through to the executive office and had a claim put in. I definitely have copies and originals of everything I need; deposits, who I’ve been talking to, dates, times, copy of the original check (which is only endorsed to myself), I also have items from geico stating that the check was only endorsed to me and the woman who has been handling my claim at Geico is definitely helpful in anything I need to receive these funds from Chase. Now waiting to hear back from the executive office within 48 hours.   •Funds from deposits of the first $5,000 of a business day’s total deposits of cashier’s, certified, teller’s, traveler’s, and federal, state, and local government checks will be available on the first business day after the day of your deposit if the deposit meets certain conditions. For example, the checks must be payable to you. The excess over $5,000 will be available on the seventh business day after the day of your deposit. Also, if that doesn't get their attention, __actually contact__ the CFPB. following through is just as important. IANAL but I work as a physical banker for a different bank. I am surprised by their initial funds availability policy on a transit check. Many banks would not release such large funds within two days of account opening. If they suspected the item to be fraudulent, they should have placed a hold on the check and waited for the funds to clear from Geico before making them available to spend. If, after the deposit had been made, it turned out the check had been written to "you AND another party" and lacking that other party's endorsement, they should have contacted you with next steps per their policy. But in that case they should never have accepted an improperly endorsed check to begin with. Often in that scenario you would receive a legal, fully negotiable copy of that check to re-deposit with proper endorsement. Sounds like that was what they told you to expect in the mail. By then it wouldn't have cleared from Geico. The advice to seek a copy of the deposited item or record of debit from Geico is a good place to start. At this point it may be worth involving a branch manager at Chase, or even contacting a different representative at another branch. Tell them who you've been working with, what you've been told so far, and bring copies of whatever receipts or paperwork you have. Ask for a image of the cancelled check.  Do you still have the receipt? I read somewhere I think if you tell them you will contact the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau it will get Chase attention and they will take you seriously. I recently had an awful experience with Chase as well.  This is when you file a police report. Contact Geico and let them know what is going on. Request a copy of the cashed check, this will have all the information on it that Chase needs. If the check has been cashed then they have the money somewhere. Finally, follow up with the bank every day. If they aren't getting you answers continue to escalate this above the branch. cHaSe uH bAg Tried this and it’s not possible because the funds are already released. Thinking there might be some fraud going on from Chase’s back office because they can’t tell me where the funds were put into.  You could always call Geico ask them to re-issue the check and put a stop-payment on the old one.