 So … I’ve received a jury summons for next Thursday, Feb. 28, from the Humboldt County Superior Court (in Eureka, Northern California). In the past I’ve always been excused from jury duty (after calling), because I work as a freelance graphic designer (contract work) and not only don’t get paid if I’m not working, but would lose contracts in the days/weeks before and after. However, this is apparently a “special summons” and a “special request” (their words), and no excusals or even postponements are being granted, other than by the judge, in court on the 28th. Because of my work situation, I am very, very concerned about potentially getting picked for a lengthy jury trial, especially because there might be a possibility of sequestration due to whatever these special circumstances are. So, I would very much appreciate any information the community can provide about how best to talk to the judge and explain my situation, as well as any information (guesses are fine) on what I may be getting into here. There’s a locally-famous murder case that should be at the jury trial stage very soon here. I’m wondering if that could be it, but just speculating. That was the tl;dr version (heh), here are some further details: I received the summons on Feb. 5, but it took me until two days ago to actually find out this was not a typical juror situation. I submitted my Juror Questionnaire within a couple days of receiving the notice, which appeared to be the best way to request excusal (in the past I’ve just called, but their voice system makes it clear you should only bug a clerk in an emergency; this is my first time getting called for Jury Duty in Humboldt County, having moved here in 2017). I was finally able to talk to a clerk, which is when I found out no excusals or postponements are allowed. I am single, and work from home doing freelance graphic design for several companies in Chicago. It’s the sort of work that allows for flexibility in a daily schedule, but that you can’t ever really get away from either (I always work on “vacations”, which are already very carefully scheduled, for instance). I am paid by the hour, and they do have other designers available and deadlines to meet, so if I am unable to work they will give that work to someone else. The alternative is that I try to work at night, and just don’t sleep much, but I already have trouble finding enough hours in the day to get everything done, so not sure how possible that is. Other things that are making this very stressful for me, although I don’t expect it would be helpful to mention these to a judge: I have a dog with medical needs who is used to being with me all day, so am very worried about either leaving him home or boarding him. I don’t really know anyone in the area (long story, but suffice to say I’ve found it very hard to make friends here), so don’t have any local support. I am also a very nervous person, particularly in professional and legal situations like a courtroom, and there’s a good chance I’ll completely forget everything I wanted to say once I’m actually standing before the judge. Also, I have been dealing with depression and anxiety lately, related to the breakup of a long-term relationship and a few other things going on in my life. Just having one more thing, particularly something I’m forced to do like this and that could have serious ramifications for my income and overall sanity has given me more than one panic attack in the past couple days. Regrettably, I have not been seeing a psychiatrist or therapist (I wish I could, but can’t afford it), so don’t have any medical professional that can vouch for this. In general I support jury trials, and actually have wished I could play a part in them. Unfortunately, due the nature of my work, that would be extremely difficult. I’m not looking for tricks to get out of jury duty … I’ve read about those, and wouldn’t feel comfortable with most options (dressing like Darth Vader or adopting extreme political views). But at the same time I know that understanding a system is the only way to work within it without getting taken advantage of, so any details that anyone can provide will be very appreciated. I’ve spent a lot of time reading about jury duty online the past couple days, but have never actually served. Some more-specific questions: I assume that I will get about 10 seconds to present my case to a judge, who will already be tired of listening to other people’s excuses. What details should I focus on first, and what is the most concise way to explain to him or her how devastating it would be for me financially to be picked for the jury? What sort of evidence could I bring to support that, and will the judge consider it? I can get letters from my clients stating what I’ve said above, and considered also bringing a spreadsheet with an estimate of lost wages, covering varying amounts of time (one day, two weeks, a month, etc.) Would it make sense to speak to a lawyer in the area (for a fee, I assume), to get an idea of what the “special summons” might mean, and advice on how to best explain my situation to the judge? If so, would a criminal lawyer be a good bet, since they’d have a lot of familiarity with jury selection? Would it even be possible for them to speak to the judge on my behalf, as I get very nervous in such situations? Does anybody do that? How long should I expect to be at the court the first day? If I do get selected for a trial, how long is one usually at court each day? Mostly wondering if I’ll be able to leave my dog home or need to board him, and what the chances are I can keep up with some work in the evenings. I’ve read quite a few other posts saying that ignoring summons in California is not a big deal, and won’t get you into any trouble the first time. But, since I’ve submitted the questionnaire and talked to a clerk, they know I received the notice. So, I’m guessing just ignoring it isn’t really an option? I don’t like to ignore such things anyhow, but it is still a tempting option in this particular case. And, although I know the answer already … can they really actually do this?! My situation is bad enough, but what about someone who had already planned a two-week cruise to Alaska that overlapped? Or had a baby due on the 27th? Or has a serious illness and is bedridden? Surely there must be some consideration for excusal beforehand, and they’re just telling me nobody can get it so I don’t try too hard to convince them otherwise? The clerk did mention people with significant medical excuses and such were having to come in with doctor’s letters. Sigh. Thank you very, very much in advance for any help! Well put ... I think you and I have similar approaches to risk assessment :) It's always a question of which bones you wanna roll, bonhomme. I'll jump at a 25% chance of winning a raffle, but no thanks to a 10% chance of getting in legal trouble. In any event, remember that both the prosecutor and the defense attorney will have challenges and the discretion to refuse potential jurors who may not accept their argument. This isn't a hint to present yourself as an undesirable candidate, but rather a reminder that, despite everything you've done to steel yourself against this eventuality, you still might be sent home with thanks and no explanation on Day One. But if you're not, take the opportunity to exercise one of the most important powers a citizen has: Informing the hand of the law. I certainly understand that my original post was long and you might have missed it, but I did mention I am generally supportive of jury duty as a civic responsibility, but that it would be an extreme hardship in my particular case. I was asking about how I can best communicate that to the judge. You raise some good points ... I wasn't really considering ignoring the summons, but it sure does sound nice. I'll admit, the people I know who ignore important things in life tend to get away with it more often than not, but I suppose it'll come back to bite them eventually. Maybe ;) Haha ... yeah, the Grand Jury option did occur to me too. It does sound interesting, but not at all like something I could take on at this point in my life, so been trying not to think about that one! Thank you very much for the details on what to expect. I really appreciate it, and they've helped me breathe a little easier. Oooooooooo sounds like you may have been summoned to be on a grand jury! Lucky! (Seriously, they sound like fun.) To generally answer your questions: Believe it or not the judge isn't going to be bored listening to your problems. You'll probably get more than 10 seconds. There are two ways to get excused: By the judge, and then by the lawyers if they challenge you. The judge's excusal occurs first, and they take it very very seriously because they don't want to waste even more time down the road by dealing with a challenge for cause that could've been avoided. So the judge will probably give you the time you need to explain yourself. Most of the time jury service is for a full day, but if you get removed by the judge that should happen sometime after lunch. (Obviously all courts are different.) If you do get chosen (and it's not the grand jury), you can expect to be there from approximately 10 am until 6 pm each night, for as many days as the trial takes. If you get chosen for the grand jury, you'll be required to show up X number of times each month, usually once a week, for about half a day. Of course, all courts are different. Focus on why this will be an unbearable hardship for you and those that you support. Judges are very sympathetic to people who have to take care of others, or people who will be severely financially impacted by jury duty. Judges don't want a person sitting on the jury who is just stewing with hatred at not being able to pay rent because of jury duty. In the dozen or so juries I've seen empaneled, I can't remember a single small business owner who wasn't let off due to a claimed financial hardship. Ignoring a summons in any state is potential a big deal, so don't believe what you've read. It may not have been a big deal to those who said so, but anecdotal evidence is the worst kind of thing to be convinced by (other than outright lies). And that's assuming you even get selected. None of the things you have mentioned are good excuses for missing a summons for jury selection. But look, unless the trial is of such import that the jurors are sequestered, you're gonna have time for your dog and probably time to do a portion of your normal graphic work. All of us are inconvenienced by jury duty. Some more than others. But you should be prepared for the judge's viewpoint that the system cannot work without all prospective jurors doing their part. You should answer the judge's questions, and when invited to do so, let the judge know exactly how and to what extent you'll be harmed by serving on the jury. The judge may ask additional questions, and will then decide whether or not to excuse you. 