 Last July, I was the at-fault driver in an accident where I merged into another person's lane. The left front side of my vehicle hit the passenger door of the other driver as we were going approximately 20-25 MPH. We stopped our vehicles where we collided - no other vehicles were involved in the accident. I took photos of the damages to both of our vehicles, and we called the police. When I went to call in the claim, I found out that I missed the notification to renew my insurance, and it expired 8 days prior to the accident. I was in the wrong, doubly so, and knew I was screwed. When the officer arrived on scene, he wrote me the two tickets, and noted that no one was injured in the accident. After the other driver filed a claim with their insurance company, I had a subrogation claim filed against me for the damages to his vehicle. I worked with the collection company to settle, and paid what I needed to in order get past the mess I put myself into. During the time that this was going on, the other driver and I stayed in touch. Originally he didn't have enough money to file a claim with his insurance company. I thought I'd be the bigger man and own my mistake, so I paid him $1000 to file a claim. I have a receipt of giving him this money and for what it's intended purpose was. He did use it to file the claim, as the insurance company confirmed that much. He also contacted me to do what seemed to be fishing for information. He asked me things like "Have you gotten your vehicle repaired yet?", "just letting you know that everyone is OK", then the last time I talked to him - "You know my son was in the car. Do you think you want to buy him a football or something? It would be $50." At that point I told him no way, and that I had done what I believed was ethically right, and that I didn't owe him anything else. Fast forward to 2 weeks ago. I get a new subrogation claim for bodily injury that is significantly higher than the cost of repairing his vehicle. I called the collection company to gather the details and to refute the claim, but the insurance company adjuster has already paid him out. I asked for any details of the claim so that I can review, but they sent me very limited information which does not include anything about the claim except how much was paid out. What I have: \- Police report saying no one was injured \- Photos of the accident Do I have any grounds to refute this? At the very least, do I have a right to review the claim? If there was bodily injury, how did it take almost 7 months to be notified of it? If it's the driver reporting the claim, how likely is it that bodily injury occurred if you were hit indirectly (in other words not T-boned) on your passenger side going less than 30 MPH?  Re: how would my license be suspended, the trail leads [here](). It's a bit hard for me to interpret the leagalese of it, but [this]() site puts it in layman's terms. Well, that’s a problem. You’re going to need to hire your own lawyer. I see your edit and how you may get your license suspended. You need to figure out how much they’re asking and how much having a suspended license would cost you. How would your license be suspended? Presumably you’re finished with the police interaction at this point. Are they threatening to report you to the police if you don’t pay? That’s a whole different can of worms right there. Personally I would request proof of injury and damages including receipts from a doctor or chiropractor. It is possible that an injury showed up later, but I find it rather unlikely.  Yes, the money was towards his deductible. Since my insurance had lapsed at the time of the accident and I was out of any grace period, they are not willing to assist in this case in any way. I’m confused as to why it cost any money to file a claim. Are you referring to his deductible? Also, you need to get your own insurance involved in this... Unfortunately no. I've been really frustrated with myself for not recording the conversations. When he said "just letting you know that everyone is okay," is that in text?