 My wife fell at her place of employment after she was clocked out. She was not in an area that would be within her scope of employment. Worker's Comp was denied so I'm assuming our next step is to look into an attorney for personal injury. We believe the company was negligent in clearing of snow / ice. I have staff who mentioned this and other people. I unfortunately did not take a picture of the entery way where she fell. The fall resulted in a broken ankle / leg. She will be off of work for 3-4 weeks and then probably be on restrictions. I believe we should seek legal advice with a personal injury attorney. What are your thoughts? Doesn't work like that. Both in your home and a business, they are both obligated to maintain safe premises That means shoveling, salting, sanding within a reasonable period of a winter event. If it's snowing and coming down faster than it can be cleared, it's not reasonable for them to stay ahead of it. Even if they could, they can't create a condition where they guarantee nobody would slip... They just have to make reasonable efforts (in the eyes of the law) within a reasonable time period and during a storm, it's generally precluded they can't Sue my wife and I should be responsible for her medical bills? If somebody slips and falls and an injury occurs on our property who pays that? We do. So shouldn't the company who owns the property be liable for the injury my wife sustained on their property? It will be difficult, especially without pictures of the area's conditions at the time of the fall... And as snow was falling at the time, that will make it further less likely to have a successful claim...if you got anywhere near what we got yesterday in Minneapolis (~9 inches) then it will be difficult Snow. It was snowing pretty heavily at the time of the incident. We have multiple people who stated they believe the area was not salted enough. Unfortunately there are no cameras at the entrance. So we would have to get witness testimony stating that believed it was slippery and not properly taken care of. I was told by staff that there was a kid who fell outside as well before or after the incident. What were the conditions of the immediate area where she fell?