 I had a verbally abusive customer when I worked as a cashier back in January of 2018. I believe that it’s important to first emphasize that under normal circumstances, I would of brushed off the incident, but this took place when I was both mentally and physically unwell. Therefore, it caused me way more distress than it would if I was well. I was sick that day, and I was also going through depression, so I truly wasn’t feeling well. That triggered some white lady who became verbally abusive towards me. She was extremely aggressive, and repeatedly invaded my personal space and pointed her finger in my face. She said things along the lines of: “You don’t want to help me.” “You don’t want to be here.” “You don’t look like you want to be here.” “You’re daydreaming!” “I hope they send you home!!” And she kept screaming this in my face repeatedly, getting increasingly aggressive. I did immediately tell her that I wasn’t well, but she didn’t care. I was already a bit distressed before the entire incident, so when she came, I froze. My brain was so overwhelmed, I didn’t know what to do. I just scanned her stuff in silence as she yelled at me, and at the end, I gave her her stuff and let her go. I was so shaken and speechless by the end of the interaction. I was genuinely confused by the whole thing and didn’t know how to react, so I tried to forget about it. Two weeks after, however, I started to have vivid flashbacks and nightmares of the incident. I also started having panic attacks every single day. All of this is something I still experience to this day. I started drinking and smoking to suppress the symptoms, but none of it helped. I dropped out of school and quit my job, because I no longer felt safe outside of my home. My depression and anxiety worsened. I had to start taking Zoloft everyday, and now I’m taking doxepin everyday. I’ve lost a year of my life because of her. I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to live a normal life because of her. I’ve been keeping record of everything for the past year, and I was able to identify the woman because she left a google review. I was thinking of visiting my district police station to talk to an officer to get their opinion, but I would like to hear from here first if there’s anything that I could do. I suggest try a new therapist, as sometimes you just don’t click with one vs another. Over the last two years I’ve seen four therapists due to them moving and changing jobs and such, and there’s so much variety in them all. Thankfully I like my current therapist best!  Even if you were able to sue for this (which you aren't, sorry) it doesn't sound like your mental health is anywhere near good enough to handle the accusations and back and forth slung around in a trial. Even rural AB has decent mental health resources, Google access mental health Alberta and they will be able to point you in the right direction for where you live. I hope things get better for you. I was seeing one face to face back in September, but I didn’t really feel comfortable around her. I have an online therapist, and I usually call the distress line whenever I’m having a total mental break down. I don’t know why, but even with all of the medication and therapy, I don’t feel like I’m getting any better. I’m struggling to recover. It’s quiet disheartening.  It is highly unlikely that you would be able to recover from this individual. Are you seeing a therapist at all? It might really help you move on from this incident.  Whats even worse about this is that youre probably walking around thinking youre a victim. When in reality youre the one that chose drugs to self medicate which worsened things. Id tell you to grow up and stop acting like a child but thatd probably shatter your world into a million pieces. So you want to sue someone because they were meam to you? K good luck with that.