 I'm writing this for a friend of mine (seriously I actually am writing for a friend). I hadn't spoke with him in a few months and talked to him on the phone tonight, he was pretty distraught. He shares custody of his 3 year old son with his ex girlfriend. They have had a pretty good relationship co-parenting and basically do 50/50 custody. They have never had any issues with their agreement, and are both civil people. According to my friend he dropped his son off at his ex's house on a Sunday afternoon. Monday afternoon she texted him that she was taking him to the doctor for an ear infection. She wrote back a little while later to say that they were at the doctor and he did indeed have an ear infection. At that point she never wrote back, and wouldn't answer his calls. The next day he was served with papers for an emergency protective order. The papers said the order was for sexual assault of a minor, and neglect. This blindsided him, and he has no idea whatsoever of why this happened. I believe him when he said this. He went to a lawyer, one who specializes in family law. There was a hearing at which time he appeared with his lawyer, and his ex appeared without any lawyer. The ex requested the hearing be postponed as child protective services was still investigating. The hearing was rescheduled until Feburary. The 1st hearing was mid November. He has absolutely no idea what has caused this. His lawyer says she knows nothing until she gets more information. She says he just has to wait and there is nothing he can do. It's been 7 weeks without seeing his son, including over Christmas. He has no idea what he is actually accused of, or what could have happened to initiate the emergency protective order. He assumes something was seen or said at the doctors visit. CPS has no contacted him, the police have not interviewed him. He is 100% in the dark and it seems his lawyer is as well. I suggested he at least speak with a criminal defense lawyer to ask more questions. It seems crazy to me that it can be 7 weeks of being acoused of something and he dosent even know what the accusation is. Any advice would be helpful. My wife and I live in PA. She works with children with behavioral issues and according to her, this all would not even happen this way in PA, so I'm clueless as to KY laws. Is there any way he can get more info prior to this next hearing in Feburary, or even have supervised visits for his son? Thanks in advance.  He had called the doctors office for the records, and they said because of the the EPO, they couldn't release them to him. From my understanding, his lawyer just keeps telling him that nothing can be done. He sounded like he was losing faith in her, which is why I suggested he speak with a criminal defense attorney.  He should certainly speak with and hire a defense attorney and have the attorney present at any questioning that takes place. It might seem like overkill, since there are no charges, but innocent people with nothing to hide can inadvertently make seemingly harmless statements which can be interpreted as probable cause. No one here is going to be better equipped to answer his questions than his lawyer. 