 Hello, I am new to this subreddit. I created a throwaway account just incase. I am not going into full details. I am just explaining the situation and how this happened. Anyways I am 15 year old boy who lives in Holland. I've had multiple step-dads and 2 siblings from 2 different dads. I am the oldest. My mom has bad experience with all 3 of them. I was the first born child. She was 17 when I was born. She left her country to escape my dad and his abusive behavior. She later found a man that loved her. They had a child. My little brother. My mom was 19 when she had my brother. Everything went fine expect me. I was a devils kid when I was younger. (Guess I got this from my dad) He couldn't handle me and neither did my mom. They were both very young. He also became abusive and abused me. My mom left him too because she loves her children more. Years later now in 2012 My mom felt lonely and had nobody (She was adopted by a woman). A friend of my mom introduced her to my now step-dad who's the father of my sweet little sister. My sister was born in 2013 May. Everything went fine. Nothing wrong with me or my little brother. We like him. As time goes by he comes more distance from us and starts showing his true self. We learn more about his past. He has issues.. We're now at 2016 A lot of things happened like a lot. But that's not important now. My mom found out he was cheating on her. She was devastated. She tried to talk to him but in these past years before 2016 he really changed a lot. He wouldn't be home for weeks or even months. He was always angry or complaining about something we did when he wasn't even at home for days. I really started to dislike him. My mom became depressed in 2016. He abused her told her lies and things about what women should actually be, like pretty or not have 3 children and that he has dated women who are rich and powerful.That she is very ugly. He was physically and mentally abusing her. He pushed her over the edge and my mom tried to kill herself in her own house. I was there when she did it. I saved her life and it was a very traumatic event. Me and my brother were seperated of my little sister. We had to go back to my brother father who abused me. After we 3 were almost adopted. I told the child support about what happened and what I knew. So did everyone else who was involved. ( I was 13 when all this happened) They all wrote it down etc. After they discussed if we should be adopted or not. They gave all adult a paper or something with everything what everyone who was involved said including me. My mom was not happy what I've told them about. They used my words against her to take us away from her. She won and we all came back together. Except my step-dad I thought we were done with him but in 2017 he suddenly came out of nowhere to "see" his daughter. Biggest mistake ever. He wouldn't leave anymore. My mom can't call the cops or anything because she would be the bad mom and take us away from her. He doesn't do anything in the house. Doesn't pay anything at all no bills nothing. My mom is forced to support him. He uses his money for himself to buy expensive brands and PS4 games. My mom always tried to make it right with him as in fixing the sphere and mood in the house. 2018 Chirstmas He's moody and ruins our Christmas. My mom worked very hard this Christmas for us and it fot ruined. New years. My mom has no car but he does. My mom and little sister wanted go to a firework show but he said no instead we went at 11 o'clock almost midnight looking for a firework shop. They're closed (Duh). We're going home and my mom is crying because he ruined this for us too. He can't even borrow his car for us. She cried and told me about that she tried her very best to give us a good holidays and that he ruined it and she doesn't want him here. I asked her "Why don't you tell him to leave or call the cops?". She said "I can't. You know that. They'll take you away from me because I am the bad mother." I am stuck at this part. Like my mom wanted to be left alone and we celebrated new years without her. I have no clue what do whatsoever or how to fet rid of him. He only brings negativity in my house. And I really don't want my mom to break again. Tl;dr My abusive step-dad won't leave us alone and my mom can't do anything about it. She doesn't want him here. I suggest reading everything. If you need more information please ask because I can't do this anymore. Sorry for the repost but I couldn't do what the bot reqeust cause doing this on phone is hard. To clarify, is it your first or second step-dad that is currently living with you? If it is the first, evicting him would have been very easy back in 2017 but it's a little harder now that he's lived with you for some time. If it's the second, is your mother still married to him? If she is, there's not much you or she can do other than get a divorce. If she is, there should be a divorce settlement (or court ruling) that specifies what belongs to whom. If the house wasn't assigned to him, your mother should be able to get him evicted. You mention that the step-dad in question doesn't do anything in the house or pay bills. Does he have a job? If not, his income may be fraudulent. You mentioned your step-dad came to see his daughter, so I assume it's the former. If you haven't already, I would call [de Kindertelefoon](). It's free, anonymous and they'll have experience with this type of situation. You could also contact [Veilig Thuis]() (the government service for reporting domestic violence and child abuse) right away, but de Kindertelefoon volunteers should also refer you there if they think it's necessary.  've told them about. They used my words against her to take us away from her. 't call the cops or anything because she would be the bad mom and take us away from her. 't want him here. I asked her "Why don't you tell him to leave or call the cops?". She said "I can't. You know that. They'll take you away from me because I am the bad mother." It's not appropriate for her to be venting to you like this or scolding you for providing them with information (She almost died and traumatized you in a way that you had to play saviour to your parent, that is never okay), I'd look into parentification. You should not be shouldering the fear that CPS would take you away whilst simultaneously being someone for her to vent to about it. You're her kid. She can't lean on you like that it's bad for you. If she can provide a safe home without him in the picture they wouldn't just take you away from her and give you to him, there may be shared custody going on but not "and then the evil CPS would take you away from me forever". A step parent isn't going to take priority over a biological parent who's been in the picture since the start like that. I'm sorry that everything sucks enough to be adversely affecting your life in a way that legal options are limited. I'd keep talking with CPS, if nothing else if anything substantial happens there's a paper trail evidencing the build-up to it. He sounds like a jerk, but it's not illegal to be a jerk. Your mom should leave him and get a new place to live.