 obligatory throwaway account. I am currently living in the UK. The other week I went into work at a local tech company and on the coffee break I asked if anyone was up for buying my spare car (A Ford Fiesta) which I no longer used. I said that anyone who bought £9,500 to my house could have it. On the same night my pal Gary sent me a inbox on Facebook and said he would buy the car and he would pay me monthly £300 for the car. Before I got to work the next morning another colleague of mine, Henry, messaged me saying he was speaking to Gary and offered to get it off me for £375. I told him to wait and I would look over it after I'd seen Gary later on. Turns out, as it approached Lunch break Gary told me he wasn't interested in buying the car from me anymore. When I got home from work I shot an inbox to Henry and he also said he wasn't interested in buying the car either as his sister-in-law had just said she would sell him hers. I was wondering whether I could take any legal action as I believe I have some real money to gain and I think that they may have violated some sort of contract code? Can anyone please help me!!!  And you said "That works for me, let's do it starting now" or something to that effect?  Yeah, pretty much dude, sorry about what happened though :/  The law says that people who trade cars have no sort of legal protection so you are screwed buddy, even without that because the car is of second hand nature that means that people cant make contracts between them with cars , this is known as the actus reus rule. Also on top of that because it was done in the workplace then that means any broken contract cant gain any more than £500 in reparations for these broken contracts - known as the mens rea rule. I wish I could help more its unfortunate that you cannot sue for this, there is currently a case going through the Court of Appeal actually trying to repeal laws that prevent reparations from car contracts.  I strictly said that I will sell them the car for £9,500, which they sort of countered offered by agreeing to pay that price but in a monthly instalments. Did you at any point say "Yes, I will sell you this car for that amount of money. Deal." or anything to that effect?  So does that mean my initial offer was actually just an invitation to treat and not a genuine offer. Yes I noticed that. You were still holding off formalizing any agreement until you'd sat down with Gary. The only case I can find that's even hopeful in your direction, an authenticated online signature was used during lengthy negotiations, where a formalized legal contract was just never drafted. You had several informal exchanges and never agreed to sell either person the vehicle in a definite sense. You have nothing here.  Shut up u gaylord Wouldn't the text messages between us warrant some sort of formal agreement ? Also, just to clarify this is Britain and not the US. You in fact were the person that put of formalizing any type of agreement. I can confidently say you have nothing to sue for.