 I live in Nassau County New York. Taxes are based on your property's assessment. If you feel your assessment is too high, you can appeal your assessment with the "Assessment Review Committee" (ARC). The issue is that ARC has been settling property assessment appeals below fair market value. Not slightly below fair market value, but 40-60% below fair market value. Giving a 1.1 million dollar house a 510k assessment for one example. As ARC settled more and more appeals under fair market value, this caused people who had correct property assessments at fair market value to pay more tax. I'm one of the people who has a correct property assessment. My property is worth what the county says its worth... but I'm paying far above what I should be paying in taxes. ARC, the people paid to accurately determine property values, failed to do so, costing me thousands of dollars. This isn't a case of me failing to appeal my own assessment, my own assessment was correct. It's about ARC's negligence in other settlement appeals, thus negativly affecting me.  So the fact that the county issued assessments up to 60% below fair market value, is not criminal? I don't think so. This is really not a tax issue. Yes, my damages are that I paid too much tax. But the issues is the county knowing gave out assessments far below market value during the appeals process, while "Officially" saying the appeals process is based on currents market values. Thier incompetence, negligence, malice, whatever, led to egregiously low appeal assessments for other people, and that is what hurt me. The unvalued assessments they gave out are so bad, that I would not be surprised if it was found that county officials were were receiving kickbacks from the firms filing in behalf of those appealing. You dont make such bad judgment errors without personal gain involved. Yes they need to enforce fairness. And the new tax assessor voted in is going to enforce fairness, but not for 2 more years. This year and next year will cost me 25k in overpayment. We have two numbers, (1) my property assessment, and (2) the amount of tax I pay. You dont appeal the amount of tax you pay, you try to appeal the value of your property. If you succeed in lowering your assessed property value, you end up paying less tax. When you file an appeal to lower your property assessment, the county wants you to provide proof it should be lowered using comparative SALES of other properties in your area. They don't say comparative assessments of other properties. Consider this fictitious conversation: Me: "The county says my house is worth 100k, I think it's worth 50k, can you lower my property assessment" County Assessor: "Can you provide proof of comparable sales at 50k?" Me: "No, all comparative sales have been at 100-120k" I never tried to appeal my assessment, because comparative sales were around what I was assessed for. What happend is the system started to get currupt. When people started to appeal (being represented by firm who would take half the tax savings as payment), the county knowing started to give 50k assessments on properties where comparative sales were 100k. The county never officially told anyone it abandoned using comparative sales for assessment, you were just supposed to know somehow. I don't think they would officially admit to it. Thier website says: "ARC ’s online Sales Locator is available to help you evaluate the accuracy of the new assessment for your home. You may go on to file an appeal using the recent sales you select as support for your requested assessment reduction." No where does it say: "take a look at your neighbors assessments, and if you see a bunch of assessments below market value, make an appeal, and we will give you your very own currupt assessment 50% below market value...no need to worry about those pesky comparative sales in your area."  It's not a real estate attorney you need. You need a Certiorari/tax protest attorney. We use one every time NYC raises the property taxes on our buulding. Negligence doesn’t mean what you want it I mean. You argue on one hand that you’re not overpaying, that everyone else is underpaying. Then you say your damages are what you overpaid. And that contradiction is the inherent problem with your case. If you overpaid, you should have appealed. And your failure to appeal excludes your case in statute. If you didn’t overpay, you don’t have damages to seek. Your solution is to run for Tax Assessor on your platform of equalizing the tax burden by assessing and enforcing fair assessments. Or to otherwise become politically active.  They actually did change everyone else's property values (not mine, mine was correct), but the new values don't take affect until 2021. So everyone knows the new values and the new tax, but I'm stuck over-paying my taxes for two more years, and already over-payed for the past several. They will try to turn it around and say I had my chance to appeal my assessment and didn't, so my fault. The problem with that, is that when they re-assessed everyone, my assessment stayed the same proving it was correct, and everyone elsescwent up 40, 50, 60%. I'm trying to sue for damages in the form of my overpayment. Damages directly caused by thier negligence by incorrectly assigning below fair market values to roughly 50% of the county. I dont think it is a real estate attorney??? For what you’re describing you would want to consult a real estate attorney. While I understand your theory of your loss, it isn’t really altogether clear that you could sue the county to address this issue. Are you going to sue them asking for a judgment ordering them to change everyone else’s tax value? Your solution here may be political rather than legal.