 I was recently hired at a Dunkin’ Donuts in NYC and I’ve run into a couple issues. You need training for the job (unpaid) before actually getting a schedule and paid. The Dunkin’ official training guide states 10 days of training and I’ve done 12 so far. My 12th day was 12/24/18 which was Christmas Eve. The problem is that my manager wants me to train even more and keep in mind, I’m pretty fluent with 96% of the tasks and my performance is good AND, each day of “training” is at least 6 hours long and after the 5th day, I pretty much got the flow of everything and was working just like everyone else. The thing that really annoys me is that another coworker did 21 days of unpaid training, mainly because he just came to America and wasn’t very good at learning the tasks already got his schedule when we got accepted to the job on the same day. (He worked 21 days and was off on only one week end and I couldn’t come for a week due to final exams) His performance still isn’t as fluent as mine since he frequently asks me questions about the POS register and other small things yet he already got his schedule a week ago. I recently stopped going to training and told my manager that I knew how to do everything and couldn’t afford to “train” for FREE 6-7 hours a day doing the same tasks as my paid coworkers and working just as hard. He hasn’t replied and when I asked for his supervisors number, he told me “You need more train and until you get clock in you should continue otherwise u will forget. You have to continue and show your performance. When you coming?” I’m confused now and don’t know what to do to solve this problem of not being given a schedule and given the poor excuse that I need more training when my coworkers and I all agreed that I’m more than prepared to start paid work. I talked to the main supervisor and he has yet to confront my manager, not sure if he’ll be on my side either. I just know that I’m never “training” at that DD unless it’s paid training. Does anyone know if this kind of unpaid training is even legal in NYC? What about with my coworker who did 21 days of free labor? (training and actual work are the same thing, training is just unpaid pretty much) What are your thoughts on the postponing of my schedule? Is that legal? Would greatly appreciate new insights or advice of any kind.  Ok so I just talked to the manager and I’m getting transferred to another location thankfully and I should start tomorrow. I won’t be getting paid for the training but I’m just glad I’ll be working somewhere else. Honestly if my next manager is shit too then I’ll do something about it but I don’t have to go after my past manager. I’m going to assume DD’s are franchised. Like others said, corporate will love to hear about it. You said it was in the “official handbook”. I’m willing to bet DD does not promote wage theft. This is likely a fake handbook the manager printed up. You are definitely not the first person they’ve done this to. You should- there should be a corporate HR Hotline for DD, like an 800 number in the internet or in your break room in a poster.  To add to the you need to be paid for all work done, corporate would really like to know about one of their franchisees trying to pull shit like this. Give them a call: they'll rip the owner of the store a new one/take their store.  Yeah there’s texts and security camera footage on me  Were you clocked in? Proof you were on premises, Communication from your boss. Proof that I was there training? Training where you are performing job functions, learning procedure, equipment, etc is absolutely time worked. Just call DOL, if you have proof the better. But Id tell my boss I have to get paid and see what he says. Tell him you don’t want to go legal but will. You have the upper hand. You could really fuck his life up. Especially if you get the other unpaid employee involved. Yeah there’s no way I’m staying at that DD. Hopefully I get transferred but I have no idea if I’ll get compensation for my work. I’m gonna call the main supervisor and ask him about pay. I’m really hoping he didn’t know that my manager wasn’t paying me and assumed that he was but I don’t have high hopes that this is the reality. I genuinely didn’t know that training had to be paid and is on the same level as official work. Thanks. You are being ripped off. They have to pay you for training. Dept of Labor will care. DD corporate will care. The question is do you? Unless your undocumented? Go to another DD and get paid. Back up. All this "training" needs to be paid. Every single minute. What did your manage say when you called him out on his bullshit? There is no way corporate dunkin donuts requires their stores to commit wage theft. Your manage is a thief and thinks you're a sucker. Give him one chance to pay you for ALL time worked and then if he doesn't file an unpaid wage complaint and contact Dunkin Donuts employee hotline. I couldn't find a number for employee relations but their HQ number is 1-781-737-5200. 