 Hello, Recently, I witnessed a person who was obviously extremely intoxicated. We were at the same place and having drinks together. This person knows me quite well. When it came time to leave, this person decided to drive themselves home. I tried to talk them out of it, as I was taking a cab home and wanted them to just come with me. This person got into their car anyways and sped off. I had a gut feeling they were going to get into an accident, and someone would end up dead. I 67 and called the local non emergency number (NOT 911) and explained what had happened and asked to remain anonymous (i didn't give them my name or number). The person got pulled over and recieved a DWI. The cops told this person at the stop the only reason they pulled them over was based off a call to the police. This person says they are getting a lawyer to subpoena police phone records to find out who called the cops on them. I have a few questions: 1.) What are the odds I actually remain anonymous? I obviously don't want this person to know I did it. 2.) Will they successfully subpoena police phone records? If so, what will this include? 3.) What will most likely be filed on the police report? I assume this will have the time of the call, which would pretty much be a dead give away. Thanks!  I don't think it takes a rocket scientist to figure out that it was you. Did the person have like 10 people urging him to not drive?  Seems to me the accuser would be the cop who pulled them over and found them drunk driving. They may have done this based on an anonymous tip, but OP certainly isn’t needed to make that case. OP’s anonymous tip is just probable cause.  't face their accuser The accuser will be in court, and it will be the DA. True. I called with 67 which blocks your number, however, i assume they have a way around that because... well they are the police.  I mean, CallerID is a thing. Can the phone call be traced back to you? Probably. Will the phone call be traced back to you? Probably not, unless needed for some reason. Since i never gave them my name or number, it should never come up... correct? Not a lawyer or anything, but if the police get a call about this person being potentially a threat to themselves or others, I’d assume probable cause is enough to at least pull that person over and make sure. If they weren’t drunk while driving, they shouldn’t have been given a DWI. If they were, and received a DWI, I’m confused on who did anything else wrong besides the one drinking and driving and being held responsible for that?  The accuser is the state, not OP. Criminal charges aren't PERSON v PERSON, they're STATE v PERSON. The accused has a right to face the state, not OP. I assume they will use this defense to get out of their ticket. At this point, as long as my identity isn't found out, I could care less as long as this person gets a "life lesson" in regards to the situation. I debated calling the police department to ask them about this, however, I don't want to risk them capturing my number or any identifying information.  Then there's almost no way they could do anything, however because they can't face their accuser and the stop was only made on the basis of your call, if they're smart they could get out of the ticket. Well, if they do retaliate in violent or harrassing means, you can get a protective order keeping them away from you.  I never gave them my name and i called on a restricted line. They asked for my name and I said I wanted to remain anonymous  Absolutely. You have the right to face your accuser. Your name will be on the call record.  I don't care about having a friendship with this person. They are mearly an aquantaince. More of a fear of retaliation.  They can subpoena witnesses and call you to testify if they are able to identify you. Are you afraid of this person or trying to maintain a friendship? I'm concerned that you're conversation with them indicates the latter.  It's quite probable that the defendant will be able to get the tape because it's incredibly relevant to their defense. They can ask for a lot. What they will get depends on the facts of the case. The police report will likely have time of call.