 Country: USA State: Texas Hi, all! I’ll post the TL;DR first: Guy gets shot at in a parking lot. Same guy tries to flee and hits my wife’s car while doing so. Police officers apprehend the shooter. The victim is in the hospital. Is the damage to my wife’s car covered by the guy who hit it, the shooter, or do we have to use our own insurance? Long Story: My wife was walking out of the grocery store and saw two guys talking near her car. She thought nothing of it until she was about 10 yards from them, when she saw one guy (let’s call him Joe) pull a guy out and shoot at the other guy (let’s call him Mike). She ducked behind a car and called 911. While talking with the dispatcher, she saw Mike rush to his truck and back out of his parking spot. Mike hit my wife’s car while backing up before driving away erratically. The police arrived and took her statement, recorded the damage to her car, and while my wife was talking with the police, she says she heard through the police officer’s radio that Mike showed up at a hospital and that the police had taken custody of his truck. Shortly after, she heard that police had chased down Joe and arrested him. When my wife finished giving her statement to the police, the police told her that the vehicle impact would be listed on the report but that they could not provide an “accident report” because Joe was a victim. Assuming Joe has insurance, does Joe’s insurance cover my wife’s car’s damage, does Mike’s, or do we have to use our own insurance? The car has full coverage and is a leased vehicle, in case that has anything to do with it. Just go through your insurance. If it goes up, it's going to be like 5%. I had flood damage on my car in Houston (total loss) and my State Farm policy paid out nicely. My next car had some nice safety features and my premium actually went down after that claim. Second claim was someone that hit me while stopped. They dealt with it, subrogated and paid my deductible back about 4 months later. My car was fixed in a week. If I waited on the other insurance provider, I wouldn't have had my car fixed for months (per reviews I read about them after the incident). Whatever increase you think you're going to get, probably isn't going to be that significant and it's the cost of not having the headache for dealing with their (potentially/probably shitty) insurance. The insurance company of the person that hit you isn't your company/policy and they don't work for you, so they will drag their feet. I was in the ER after my second incident and the company that insured the guy that hit me wouldn't give me a claim number and said I was making it up, etc. It wasn't until my otherwise calm attorney husband took the phone and ripped Linda a new one, that they finally gave me a claim number to be seen. It sucks, but just use your insurance!  I'll definitely look into the victim compensation fund and see if Texas has any programs like that. If they don't, I guess I'll be calling my insurance as soon as we get the police report.  Think of it this way: You pay a premium to your car insurer, and in return the agree to cover damages to your car pursuant to the details of their contract. Your car was damaged, and you file a claim. They are obligated to pay for the damage (or some fraction of it per your policy). That is the end of your involvement. So now your insurer has incurred an expense. They have no obligation to do anything about it, but that'd be stupid. Your financial loss has now become their financial loss, and their entire business model is mitigating that loss. They have literal teams of attorneys on staff to figure this stuff out. They will sue Mike, or Joe, or both; whomever they feel they can best recover from. The only thing to be on the look out here from your perspective is your status as a victim of crime. Many states have victims compensation funds, and since you incurred a financial loss during the commission of a felony, you may be eligible. If you receive any such funds, you are obligated to inform your insurer.  Then going through your insurance will be the best option. That way, any wrangling or blaming can be done on the backend, while you're getting your car repaired. I figured I'd be able to get reimbursed if I went with my insurance first, but frankly I'm trying to avoid using my insurance so my rate doesn't increase. In the end, though, i just want the car fixed properly to avoid any issues with the leasing dealer.   That's a relief. I was already stressing about possibly having to find an attorney or whatever to seek coverage from Mike. I'll definitely contact my insurance. I just wanted to avoid getting my insurance involved in order to keep the discount they provide for having no claims in my account.  File a claim with your insurance and provide them with the details and relevant police reports, they will pursue a claim with the appropriate party.  In this case the smart thing to do is go through your own insurance. This car is leased and you don't want to take any chances. Your insurer will sort out who to pursue for reimbursement. (For the record, I would think Mike would still be liable, but frankly I'm not sure. There might be a "fleeing for your life" exception in common law.) Since Mike hit your car, he would be the responsible party. You would file on his insurance. You can also file a claim with your insurance, pay your deductible, and then have them subrogate with Mike's insurance so you can get reimbursed.