 I have a neighbor work a motorcycle, it's extremely and intentionally loud, he gets on it, at least, 3 times a night, revs it up for ten solid minutes, then rides it around the block once before parking it for an hour or two and doing it again. I asked him once, politely, to stop. He basically said "fuck you" like I expected. What do I do now? I'm not dumb, I'll call in noise complaints if that's "my only option" but I know nothing will come of it. What can I do? For reference, I live in Indianapolis, and if it helps, I live in a Historical District. Oh, well thank. I've just given up, I talked to some other neighbors, three of the four people I talked to have called for noise complaints multiple times. The war was over before it ever even began. no, I'm saying the dude with the motorcycle might want revenge for you getting him in trouble, I'm just worried for you.  I don't know where everyone keeps getting this idea that I want revenge. I don't want revenge, I want a dude with a loud motorcycle to stop reving his engine in his yard at midnight. Or at the very least, only when he intends to ride it somewhere. I think the wording was pretty clear. I gave no examples, I was clear that I had no intention of acting in any way outside of the law. Also, I never said revenge once, I don't WANT revenge, I want this thing, which is objectively problematic to stop in a civil manner. That's all I've said, that's all I want. Good catch on me listing the wrong subreddit though. You're on r/legaladvice not r/askreddit But in general a legal advice sub isn't going to like less than legal options at revenge. revenge, sounds like he might have a chip on his shoulder I'm with you. But no worries, I'm not trying to dox anyone. I'm sure you were! PS: don't give out the guy's address on Next Door. Maybe just give cross streets or your address and say he's a neighbor on [street]. I'm not a lawyer, btw, just someone with a neighbor who rehabs dirt bikes. 'Love the guy but not at 3am. Thank you, I hadn't thought of that. I think we're over if only 3 or 4 on the street who own, rather than rent. How so Lol thanks for the advice! I'll looks into the listservs thing. I've never heard of it. And I will definitely be nice to the dispatcher, hell, I was nice to him when I asked him to stop. If they rent it could very well lead to an eviction as well. Landlords don't generally like to see their properties on the police blotter. getting him in trouble might bring you more problems, just sayin' Do you have one of those Next Door neighborhood listservs or similar? If so, call in noise complaints and then post every time you do. List the noise complaint number and ask your neighbors who also might be irritated by the noise to call in as well. Be the squeaky wheel. Also, be nice to the dispatcher when you call.  Go for the noise complaint.  Well fuck. Thanks for the response. I've fantasized plenty about the less than legal options... But getting myself in trouble would only bring him more satisfaction wouldn't it? \ 'm not dumb, I'll call in noise complaints if that's "my only option" but I know nothing will come of it. That's your only legal option.