 I'll get straight to the point and you can read the story later: I need to provide my state's DSS office evidence of my address in the year 2014 and provide a statement from my parents saying I was living with them at that time. What would be the correct way to go about giving them a statement? I can type up two separate statements and have both of my parents sign and date them or just make one and have them both sign and date at the bottom. I can easily navigate microsoft word and make it look neat and professional. I would also like advice on my wording, font, etc. Links to good templates for stuff like this would be greatly appreciated. Side note: I already have proof of my address in the form of my W-2 from that year. My parents have agreed to let me send the DSS office a copy of their 2014 income tax return as proof that I was living with them, since the addresses match and I was living with them at the time. Now for the story As mentioned in the title, one of my distant relatives claimed that I was living with her in 2014. She apparently owes the state thousands back in food stamp benefits and since she claimed that I was living with her, they took my income tax return. Under Missouri law at least, they can do this to anyone who was living with her and receiving benefits as a result of it. After a brief phone call, the DSS office says they simply require proof of my address from that year to prove I wasn't living with her. If I can provide sufficient evidence in the form of statements, old letters, legal documents, etc. then they will immediately refund my money back. In case it wasn't clear, I have NEVER lived with the aforementioned relative in my entire life. I live with my parents who are kind enough to put a roof over my head. Thanks for any support you can give!  The statement made by your parents can be simple. "TheTacoAnnihilator Mom and TheTacoAnnihilator Dad lived at &lt;address . Our &lt;son/daughter ." Also were you still in school that year? If so and you can find copies of your report cards with that address that would also be good proof along with any medical records, or bank or credit card statements. Also what about your 2014 tax return - did your parents put you down as a dependent that year or did you file your own? Both of those documents should have your address for 2014 on them.