 I feel like this company should be held liable for what could have happened, we were on the highway and their load wasn’t covered properly and had debris hanging out of their large dump truck. Imagine if someone died?It hit another vehicle and then hit mine, we both swerved but luckily didn’t hit anyone else or go off the road but it was extremely scary. I invested in a dashcam a few years ago and am happy I did. I sent the video to my insurance company and am waiting the results. The company refuses to cooperate at the moment and are denying all of it even though i have everything on video. That’s why I want to take them to court or atleast post the video and let locals know how awful this company is. We could have gotten seriously injured or died. It was a 3’x5’ Brown object and my whole front end is damaged. I want to take them to court for negligence, I have been having such bad anxiety when I have to take the highway for work. Can I legally post this video with the company name visible or can they come after me for damages even though they literally damaged my vehicle and I’ve been having anxiety over this? TLDR: Huge dump truck with overloaded/not properly covered load had 3’5’ brown debris hit my car and damage my front end. Myself and another car almost veered off the highway because of this. I have everything on dashcam but company refuses to cooperate. I’m letting insurance handle it. I want to take them to court if possible because of negligence. Is that possible? Also if I post a video online to show locals can they come after me for damages even though they literally caused me damage and anxiety? Once this is all resolved, post it on /r/dashcams NAL: As a commercial driver and specifically, someone who used to be in the flatbed division, the driver is responsible for properly securing their load. This is something that’s in every FMCSA safety handbook when you look at cargo securement. Since the video is relevant to your insurance claim, don’t post it online yet and wait for this to be settled, especially if it goes to court. If the driver didn’t stop to exchange details with you, take the video and go to your local state police HQ(google will help with this) and file a complaint and then take said complaint to submit to your insurance company to add to your claim. Even if it’s just snow that comes off the truck, if it hits and damages a vehicle, some states will view it as a hit and run. In either case, you have a pretty solid case if you have video of the incident. Ok. I won’t post it. But could I potentially take it to court? Should this company get a fine for not properly covering their load or overloading their truck? It’s a full-size dump truck. I don’t think I should personally get any money because of it I just want to help prove that this company/the people working could have potentially cause serious harm and the company didn’t care whatsoever when I contacted them. I am sure the other vehicle that got hit (is visible in my video) is dealing with the same. Thanks for your time!  You should probably wait for the insurance to finish their investigation/procedures before you post or share the video anywhere. If you don't feel like they are doing enough for you, seek a consultation with a personal injury attorney. They commonly do free consultations to assess whether you have a case or not and some will take these cases on a contingency fee basis (you don't pay them anything unless you win a $ettlement and they get a portion of that money as their fee.)  If you anticipate a lawsuit for this accident, I would not share this video with anyone other than your insurance provider and your personal injury attorney.  You're welcome to post the video online for all to see. Whether that's actually a good idea, and whether that's going to help or harm your case against them are different questions altogether.