 We received a toll charge from the Central Texas Regional Mobility, for a charge in Austin, and the car in the picture looks like a Honda Accord, Jazz/Fit from around 2008. the photo is too dark to distinguish the plates clearly, but bill identifies my plate number, my car is a Volkswagen Beetle. The bill date is for October 31, at 07:50pm(Central Time), I had left work at 5pm Mountain Time in El Paso, no way I could have driven to Austin. This is the first toll bill we ever receive. My car has never been to Austin nor much of Texas, we live in El Paso and travel to New Mexico+Colorado. What would the process to appeal be, should we hire an attorney, who do we contact, and what should we expect. The bill has a 1-800 number my doubt is the quality of the customer service to resolve the issue. Haven't the Spaniards gone bankrupt because of that project? Never any cars on it. You can drive as fast as you want, although the toll sensors/cameras must be able to determine your speed by elapsed time between tripping the sensors.  They do this all the time. The toll authority in Austin is run by a Spanish company that carelessly records tolls, then forwards unpaid amounts to an associated law firm which tacks on exhorbitant fees. Call the Texas DOT to make a complain on this (or use the online complaint form), then wait a week or two to hear back from the toll company for a 'settlement' offer. From there you can either pay the $1.50 or continue to refuse, and they will likely drop it. Source: got an Austin toll ticket on a car that was in Colorado at the time. By amazing coincidence, I had accidentally gone through a Colorado toll within an hour of when I supposedly had gone through the Austin toll- physically impossible without teleportation. Don't skip the complaint to the Texas DOT, this fraudulent company should not be granted collection authority which could result ultimately in license suspension. [removed] Thank you everyone for your comments, I will contact customer service, and an attorney just in case, and will update.  OP should absolutely call. I look forward to the follow up. I mean... maybe they sucked for your family... but your anecdote in this case shouldn’t stop OP from just calling the toll number... We will have to agree to disagree. My family’s, friend’s and coworker’s experiences (albeit anecdotal) over a decade of dealing with CTRMA/MSB are all negative. A related thread -  Not in this case.  Sometimes an unsubstantiated assertion is correct. Asking for legal advice BEFORE calling the toll company number is pointless. They have a mechanism for handling situations like yours, and you have enough proof to show this is not your charge. Just call them. You should just call them and tell them the facts. Your unsubstantiated assertion about their customer service is getting in the way of your own interests