 Location: Austin, Texas. We had asked them to repair our fridge about a week ago and they said the Whirlpool repair guy would come and repair it. Today afternoon, my wife was alone in the apartment and sleeping in the bedroom. Suddenly, someone knocked on her bedroom door. She was extremely frightened. They had just entered the apartment without notifying us that they would be coming. I complained to the management office and they said they don't have to ask for permission to enter if it is an emergency, like a pipe bursting. The fridge cooling problem hardly qualifies as an emergency. Our lease has this wording: "When We May Enter. If you or any guest or occupant is present, then repairers, servicers, contractors, government representatives, lenders, appraisers, prospective residents or buyers, insurance agents, persons authorized to enter under your rental application, or our representatives may peacefully enter the apartment at reasonable times for reasonable business purposes. If nobody is in the apartment, then any such person may enter peacefully and at reasonable times by duplicate or master key (or by breaking a window or other means when necessary) for reasonable business purposes if written notice of the entry is left in a conspicuous place in the apartment immediately after the entry. Law officers with a search or arrest warrant or those in hot pursuit may be allowed to enter. We are under no obligation to enter only when you are present, and we may, but are under no obligation to, give prior notice or make appointments." We no longer feel safe in our own home. We would like to move out. Do we have legal grounds to say they breached their lease? Why? Your lease specifically says they don't need to give notice, they were authorized by you to come, and they were there for the task you asked them to do. Yes, a moment of adrenaline for your wife, but other than that, you are very much over reacting.  Have a frank conversation with your LL or apartment manager about getting better notice in the future. As others have stated, a broken fridge could be considered an emergency, as they may leak and cause water damage. As I said, you asked them to come but there should have been a clarification about timing. Once again, this was a mistake at best and I can't see it as a valid reason for breaking your lease.  Yes, they showed up because you called and requested that they come to the apartment to fix something.  They didn't tell us when they were coming. The last communication about this repair was last week. And today they just showed up.  Last week they told us that a Whirlpool repairman would come, but they never told us when he would come. It was a mistake, but frightening for us. You requested a repair and they told you someone was coming to fix it. You can tell your landlord that in the future you would appreciate if they give you a call but you don't have any valid complaint about this and there is no reason for you to say you no longer feel safe in your home.  When you asked them to repair the fridge, did they tell you when they were coming? Generally speaking, when you ask for a repairman to come, you are giving them permission to enter... because you asked them too As a courtesy, the management should have set up a specific time. We need to know exactly what the conversation was. I highly doubt this is reason to break your lease. At the very worst, it was a mistake because... once again, you asked them to come.  For many people, a fridge not working would be an emergency repair due to the potential spoilage and loss of food.