 I planned a vacation with a friend and my fiance to go to disney world we planned it out months before to agreeing to me paying for the flight and him paying for the disney tickets for a few days. I put aside the $700 for the plane tickets and put aside another 800 for spending money. On the day we were suppose to leave he tells me there is no flight for us to board and that he has some tickets waiting for us when we get there. I agree to drive and he said that he would subtract that from the 700 he would pay me back. We get there we never get tickets and I end up buying day pass for all parks for one day for about 380. We settled on him paying me back 1000 amd then I never saw it and when I got some other friends ok n him about paying me back he got defensive and now we dont talk. Is there anything i can do to get my money back. It sounds like you are saying that you agreed to purchase plane tickets for you and your friend and you did not. Why would your friend owe you anything? Apply to be on Judge Judy. Even if you lose your case you’ll get paid for appearing in the show.  The Wisconsin Court System has a guide to help: [Wisconsin Guide to Small Claims Court]() He was going to give you $1000 if you did what? You need both parts of this narrative. For example "If I pay for airline tickets for all of us, you will pay for the Disney tickets" or whatever. Although it sounds as if you never purchased the airline tickets so... How would I go about doing that [removed] I do have text proof that he agreed to give me 1000 You can sue him in small claims court.  Do you have any evidence at all that he agreed to pay for the Disney tickets? Email, text, whatever? A contract (even if verbal) requires some kind of "I give you this, you give me that". It's not clear what the arrangement was here.  You can sue him in small claims court. Nah you’re screwed. I don’t think even small claims court would help if you don’t have any sort of written agreement. That’s a shitty thing to have happen, sorry to hear that 