 Located in the GTA, Ontario, Canada. I have a medical condition that has prevented me from working at my job. It is an invisible illness and I was initially denied my long term disability benefits, had some difficulty with communication with the LTD company (they were taking forever to get back to me) and ultimately sought legal help. With the help of my lawyer my LTD was finally approved. Fast forward two years and they cut me off. My lawyer at the time said we should take them to small claims court to recover some of my legal fees. The initial agreement was on a contingency fee basis. By the time I actually get to small claims court my lawyer has quit and I now have a new lawyer. New lawyer does not understand why we are going to small claims court and says I should be suing LTD company for either reinstatement or a lump sum. There was also some confusion about whether or not my fees to the law firm were paid in full (I said no, lawyer said yes). Then we discussed what the original fee structure was: \-if get benefits by just appeal to LTD carrier they get 30% of lump sum if costs paid by defendant, otherwise 25% of lump sum(for retro-active) and 10% going forward \-if file a lawsuit but don't get to then get 30/25% of lump sum then 15% going forward \-if actually have depositions etc then they get 30/25% of lump sum and 20% going forward My new lawyer thought it was a strange arrangement and said that what I had already paid was 'more than enough for the amount of work that was done.' I thought this meant that I would not have to pay more but I knew it was not a sure thing and made a mental note to clarify this. I also felt a bit taken advantage of because it really seemed like the new lawyer felt the fee arrangement was not right. Ultimately I felt that I had signed an agreement to pay the fees based on that structure and so it was fair for me to pay that since I agreed to it but was relieved that it seemed I would not have to pay them the rest (money is tight as you would imagine given my situation). A few weeks later we met again. At this meeting we discussed the fees. Lawyer said they had to retract the previous statement about the fees. I was also asked to sign a new agreement for the lawsuit to get my LTD reinstated/paid out as a lump sum. The new agreement had the same terms. I felt angry that the lawyer felt the statement could just be retracted. I can't 'unknow' what was said to me and now I feel like they're trying to take advantage of me. My gut feeling about this lawyer is good but this situation regarding the fees complicates matters. I opted not to sign at that point (also because the whole situation is very stressful and the thought of going through all of that is overwhelming). I'm not very assertive so I didn't just say what was on my mind during the meeting. 1. I guess what I really want to know is whether or not this fee structure is 'normal' or reasonable for situations like this dealing with LTD claims as I have no frame of reference. 2. Am I supposed to be negotiating these amounts? 3. I would like any tips of the best way to approach this discussion with my lawyer. Any advice/comments on any of the above would be greatly appreciated.