 I was renting out house to this lady and her family for a few years. I thought I knew her well enough so when she was going through financial trouble, I was mistakenly nice enough to postpone her payments and allow her to pay me the money when she was able to. 3 months went by and she was still not able to pay me. We both decided at this point that it was best for her to move out. She promised that she will pay me back what she owed me (+$7000) and even signed a promissory note stating that she will make installed payments until her balance was met. It has been since May 2018 and she has not made one single payment, despite having been stated on the promissory note that she will begin payments starting May. I tried calling her numerous of times but she refuses to pick up and continually dodges my attempts to reach her. Now I want to take her out to a small claims court but I don't know where she lives. In the promissory note, I have her social security number and driver license number. Do I have enough to track her down and bring her out to a small claims court? What else should I be aware of in my situation? Like what if they don't live in my state (CA, USA) anymore? Will I have to hire a lawyer? How much will this cost me? Is there a better way to deal with this other than a small claims court? The issue with service is that state law in CA probably requires that she receive a copy of the paperwork so she knows what date and when to appear to contest the suit. She may have to be personally served, I don’t know for sure, but that is how it works in most states. Personal service means it cannot just be mailed but must be given to her or possibly posted on the main entry exit door of her home. That may cost you money. I am unaware of anyplace where you would have to pay her travel expenses. Would that be the cheaper alternative to bringing her out to small claims? Leave a message on her phone saying you will report her to collections. That may make her be mire proactive.  How would it work if she lives outside the state? When you say cost of serving her, do you mean I would have to pay for her to travel here to CA? Or would she have to provide for her own travel costs? You may just want to hire a PI to do a check on her address based on what you have. You may be able to add that to your cost for which you sue based on state law. The fact that the note was made in CA probably means that the long-arm statute applies no matter where she lives and the only downside would be the cost of serving her. Your best option probably is small claims, with this info you may be able to attach bank accounts or other assets in the future.