 I suffer from a medical condition known as narcolepsy that severely impacts my day-to-day life. For those who don't know, narcolepsy essentially makes it to where I sleep for extremely long periods of time (up to 28 hours for me personally) and can fall asleep without warning throughout the day. Due to these difficulties, it is illegal for me to drive without my medication. Even by itself that would be a huge blow to my daily living, but for various reasons I won't get into here, I have to be my wife's ride to work every day. To help deal with my problems I take multiple medications daily as prescribed by my doctor. When I went in January to get my prescriptions for the next few months, they said my insurance has stopped covering it as I'm now over 21. We did not receive any notice of this occurring. Since then my doctor has been working to try and resolve these issues without success yet. After an appeal my insurance says they will cover it again, but only if I repeat testing that I did less than 2 years ago. Last time I did that testing it took over 2 weeks for the results to come back in. While all this has been going on I've been rationing my medication by doing things like taking smaller dosages to help me last as long as I can or not taking it on weekends, but that's not been enough. I took my last dosage of medication today. That essentially leaves me with two options. I can either pay several hundred dollars out of pocket that I don't really have right now for a medication that should be covered, or I can't legally drive and could lose both my wife's job as well as my own. Both of my medications require per-certification, so I can't get refunded on medication I purchase out of pocket. Since it can take weeks to get authorization for a new sleep study a few more weeks to get the results, I might end up needing to pay multiple months of medication out of pocket. This means that any action will end up costing me a significant amount of money in the long run. Since we were not notified of this change and it could cost me significant amounts of time and money, is there any form of legal action I could pursue against my insurer? Is there any way I can get some form of reimbursement for this? Is it worth talking to a lawyer about this? And if so, what kind of lawyer should I consult? That’s unfortunate, but all I really expected. Thanks for the info You almost assuredly did have notification in the form of your policy explained that certain drugs have various formulary status and would give you the webpage, phone number, or email of how to, prior to filling every month, ensure non-formulary or other medications/procedures are covered. As far as I am aware, there is no duty to specifically notify that an age-prompted change in coverage is approaching. If it were, the most you would be entitled to is coverage for the medication through a notice period, which would be one month of pills (and definitely not worth suing them for since you have to pay your own legal fees.) There are no circumstances where you could sue for losing your job or your wife losing hers for you not being able to drive and so on. People can only sue where there is an duty of care of a breach of contract, and I am very sure your health plan does not ensure you have a job.  Is that even true when they adversely change coverage without notification? I realize that if they never covered something that I wouldn't have a claim, but it seems strange that they can just decide that the thing you pay them for covering isn't covered any more without some form of pre-notification.  The pharmaceutical and insurance companies have no duty to you to ensure your medication is affordable/covered, so no -- you cannot sue them for how it might impact your life. I fully do understand your level of frustration; I have seizures and take medication to ensure I don't, in a large part so I am comfortable with driving (which I largely avoid anyway despite it being many years since my last seizure.) However, things like your ability to work, drive, drive your wife and so on are not legally the responsibility of either the insurer or manufacturer of the medications you take. Your remedy is going to be working with your physician on finding a medication regimen that you can afford; finding pharmaceutical coupons or discounts to afford the medication you currently take; finding an insurer that considers the drug formulary; or other non-legal avenues. It simply would not be possible for you to collect damages from these industries or companies because your life is adversely impacted without them. 