 I was talking with my mother recently and she was telling me I was diagnosed with asperbergers when I was 8 . First I have fucking heard of this . The doctor who she said diagnosed me is dead . Where would I find out if I actually was diagnosed with a aspbergers ? My father says he dosnt ever remember this either . I’m a totally normal person I have good job about to go to college have a driver license and everything else and this comes up . Its not a real medical condition. IANAL, or military recruiter, but if this is the first you’re hearing of it then it has likely never been shared with anyone, if it even happened. Ooooh, yeah that does make a bit of a difference. I dont think aspergers is enough to dq you but I am not sure. Its a really subtle issue. Most people dont even know I have it, and my dad didnt even get diagnosed with it until a few years ago. So more then likely this won’t cause any issues when enlisting ? If you never had any academic accommodations, she can’t produce any formal paperwork relating to this diagnosis, the doctor is dead, and you don’t feel the need to confirm the diagnosis with another doctor then I can’t possibly see how it would follow you. Has this diagnosis ever negatively affected you in any way? If you were unaware of it it seems like it never affected your schooling or life. I'm not sure what legal advice you'd be looking for. As for obtaining your medical records, it will depend on your state. You would have to find the person or entity that was given custody of the files and make a request to them for the documents, assuming they still exist (different states have different requirements, which could be five years since you last saw the doctor or as late as age 30). There might be a nominal fee involve to cover photocopying and mailing the documents to you. I’m trying to join the marines and I was worried I would be dq’ed  I just figured this would affect when trying join the service . I personally think my mother is telling me this to try and stop me from joining  Dont freak out. You have done well with yourself without knowing. Knowing shouldnt do anything to change your life. I have aspergers myself. All it means is that you struggle a bit with socializing and learning. Are you seeking damages? What are you trying to do about this, if it did happen? A diagnosis that you tell no one about has little to no bearing on your life.