 I work as a project manager for a large software company on the west coast. I am also female. I have had repeated issues with one of the men who I supervise. In our field, it is not common to rely on appeals to authority ("I am the boss, so we are doing this my way") and instead tend to rely on the scientific method. Unfortunately, one of my supervisees takes this to the extreme. Meetings are often derailed because if someone disagrees with them, they will endlessly argue, sometimes getting quite hostile. Often these would be situations where mathematically one solution is better, but human factors might make a slightly "wrong" solution actually right. I can't go into detail but I think a good generic example that's accessible to non-tech people would be if we were to move to giving per diem on business trips. This man could probably show that you pay out less when you require receipts, but then we need to pay people to process the receipts, and also it makes our engineers unhappy. I might say that I value their feedback, but would rather have a slightly "imperfect" from a profit standpoint, but have our engineers happy and focused on enjoying the trade shows and academic conferences we send them to. Anyways, this engineer often has very heated disagreements, and thinks because he never swears, raises his voice too much (in his opinion), or uses ethnic slurs that we can't "police" his speech. I actually ended up writing him up for insubordination because when I told him he needed to honor my requests to take discussions to email during meetings or go home for the day, and he then would refuse to discuss anything in a meeting, citing a fear of being written up. I am leaving out a lot of details for anonymity sake. Anyways, he came in today with a letter from a psychiatrist, who says that he has [narcissistic personality disorder](), and that as a reasonable accommodation I should not publicly disagree with him. This apparently is not limited to making him feel "called out" in meetings, but also applies to email. (I'm actually not inclined to dress people down in meetings, but most people take the hint when I say we can discuss the matter offline. If this "accommodation" goes into effect he can effectively filibuster any time a meeting does not go in a way he likes.) So apparently if I ever publicly disagree with him on an email chain, his NPD will be triggered and thus it's a reasonable accommodation that feedback be kept private. (There were other things too, like when "schwag" is given out it must go to everyone, including him, or no one. He apparently sometimes missed out on plushies, t-shirts etc, and this was very triggering.) He's also insinuated he may go after me personally (sue me), since in the past I have referred to narcissism as a negative trait during office chit chat. He reacted very poorly when I told him I couldn't agree to these accommodations without running them by HR and legal. He also insinuated if he is not granted a promotion he desires he will assume it is due to the NPD (and insinuated he was forced to "come out" because "minorities and the disabled" are favored over white males in our promotion process) I have looped in both, but I'm also aware HR works for the company, so I thought I would get outside opinions. This has to be unenforceable, right? And even if it is, he can't come after me for some kind of weird discrimination claim for saying people who use too many BART seats are bad... can he? The short answer is that you need to get company counsel or HR involved. They're there to protect the company, but in this case the company's interests (in not being sued either by this person or by others affected by their behaviour) and your interests (in figuring out how to acceptably manage a difficult report) line up. The _long_ answer is that what counts as reasonable is highly context-dependent. A blanket "no disagreements" requirement is likely not reasonable, as it impairs your ability to do your job (i.e., to manage the project). A request that you take disagreements offline to discuss privately might be reasonable, under some circumstances, and might not be reasonable under others. A request that you take _personal feedback_ offline is not only reasonable but eminently professional. Given that he has request an accommodation for a medical disorder, your company's obligations under the ADA have likely been invoked. Do not make this decision in isolation: discuss it with HR (and with your own manager, if necessary, or with this employee's personnel manager). If you cannot meet the requested accommodation, HR should help you propose alternatives. Coming back with a hard "no" without making any effort to find a mutually-acceptable option is a big risk even if the requested accommodations are flagrantly unreasonable. It is absolutely appropriate for you to loop in this employee's line manager, on top of your conversations with HR and legal, as they are likely responsible for keeping track of how this affects the team and whether or not the accommodation is something they can manage. The good news is that legal is likely to see right through his attempt to use the ADA to extort the company for a promotion, and will give you good ammunition to use when telling him that a "do not ever disagree with me" accommodation is not reasonable. If he is unwilling to work with you and with HR + legal on a more reasonable accommodation, you'll be in a much more secure position to advocate for his release from employment. Narrator: no psychiatrist wrote that. That’s the stupidest thing I ever heard and in no universe is “my boss can’t say no to me” a reasonable workplace accommodation. 