 I feel so bad knowing that the deer will just be eaten alive by creatures or die a slow painful death. Also, let's say I dont have to file a police report because there is no damage done to my vehicle because I have a bully bar.  I don't really fault what you did and I'd have a tough time imagining local law enforcement would pursue this matter. But, strictly by the letter, the "right thing to do" would have been to engage 9-1-1. For whatever it's worth, I feel like you ethically did the right thing. Also I guess I should add I did kill it and dragged it off the road. We were pulling a camper and had to come to a slow stop. There was no where to turn around easily and I wasnt going to back up 100 yards back to the deer. So I walked out there and I tried to get it to go back into the ditch but it wouldn't. I tried using a flashlight to warn drivers but this deer almost got hit again because I guess they didnt know why I was waving the light. Another vehicle stopped and a guy got out and that's around the time I shot the deer twice and dragged it off the road. Then I went back to my truck and left.  Yeah and in this case it would be road hunting at night without a hunting license in that state.  Yeah there were people stopped in the road who saw me do it. I figured cops didnt want to deal with it. I just dont want any of this coming back to me later on. I shot it and dragged it off the road and left. The gun is legal it was a highway that went through the middle of two crop fields for about 20+ miles. The deer was very scared and obviously suffering. Like I said I just dont want this coming back to me and also need advice incase it ever happens again. 2 of my other friends have hit deer recently but they're vehicle and the deer were fucked. There's nothing that defines this exact scenario by law, but I cannot imagine anything you'd get in trouble for with a properly registered and stored gun outside of city limits when the animal is obviously not going to survive.  Well it is in season but it's night time.  No this really happened. I did shoot it. But if it ever comes up again I want to know if I have legal ground to stand on.  The proper etiquette would be to put your hazards on and pull over, blocking the deer so no one else will hit it, and then dial 9-1-1 and report the incident. The Sheriff may make the determination to put the animal out of its misery. Unless it's deer season and you're under your tag limit, I would not kill the kill yourself. In addition to very likely being illegal, the animal can still very easily do serious damage to you in a fit of hysterics. I'm unable to find a statute for Mississippi. In my state only law enforcement may dispatch injured wildlife on the highway. Police regularly respond and handle that. You may face charges of negligently discharging a firearm on a public roadway or killing an animal without a license/out of season. It's not hypothetical this happened last week Yeah lower back completely destroyed. Not able to use back lower legs at all.  If this is hypothetical you can head on over to /r/legaladviceofftopic. If this is really going on; if the dear is grievously injured, just shoot it. So long as you're legal to have your gun, you won't get shit for any "hunting out of season" crap. I don't honestly know if we're out of season. My family is the heroin kind of redneck, not the gun kind.  I would call the police because in texas for example, this falls under road hunting. The police may dispatch an officer to do it or call the wildlife police to do so.  Hypotheticals belong in r/legaladviceofftopic  If the deer has no way of surviving.