 I’ve finally “manned up” and left my abusive husband. I don’t have money to file for divorce and he sure as hell won’t do it. I also do not have money for a lawyer. He works for a high profile company and gets free legal representation. I should have left a long time ago, but that’s neither here nor there. What I want to know is what can be used in court? I have proof of the abuse (physical, verbal), I have pictures of everything he’s damaged. I have proof of his illegal drug use that he tried to hide from me. I have proof of his numerous infidelities. Do any of those things stand in court to grant me a divorce when he will fight it with a lawyer? He’s taken everything from the home we shared and I am getting evicted next month. I don’t have a lot of support and I’m the one who is taking care of the kids with no help from him. Any advice or tips on what I need to do next would be incredibly helpful. I know he is going to continue to make my life a living hell in an attempt to make me change my mind.  You do not need any proof to get a divorce. In fact almost all divorces now are no fault, meaning no one provides any proof of bad conduct. You just have to allege irreconcilable differences. "I want a divorce" is enough regardless of whether or not he agrees. Thank you, I’ve been looking up different firms and hoping to get a consultation where I can show them the proof I have of everything that lead me to divorce. I’ve heard conflicting information about what can and can’t be used in court as far as proof of abuse, identity theft, fraud and adultery. Call a family lawyer. They will file in court to make your husband pay your legal bills. Your husband cannot really fight a divorce. If you file sooner or later he will be divorced like it or not. You need a lawyer to assist you with obtaining child support and forcing him to pay for some of the family bills. This can be done by motion before the divorce is final and on an emergency basis. You need to start calling divorce attorneys now. Thank you, I will do that. I appreciate the suggestion. While your situation has legal overtones, at this point I think you need practical advice more than legal. I suggest you try r/divorce first, and then come back with any legal issues that arise.