 I posted this once but it was deleted for being off topic which makes no sense to me. Someone made thd comment that cops have no obligation to stop a crime... Wait ....what? I disagree what source are you citing? Location: USA, Washington State Here is the scanrio. A criminal is stealing vehichles basically from a business auto lot. The police know who the criminal is. In prior attempts to stop the criminal, the criminal successfully eluded police. They have now found several of the cars throughout their local metro area. One time the criminal came to the lot. The police knew he had just recently lost possession of the previous car. This criminal is very observive and notices that it looks lile undercover cops are sitting in random places all over the lot. So he leaves. Then down the road he is arrested on seperate charges the whole time he is in jail the police have enough to file charges but dont. Then they kick back and basically watch this criminal steal cars for two years never filing charges but instead are creating the illusion that the criminal is getting away with these crimes so naturally he keeps commiting them. At what point are the cops obligated to end this crime spree and file charges? Is it ethical and legal to keep allowing the crimes to occur and is it legal to allow it occur so long that eventually they build a case big enough to put this person in prison for the rest of his life? What if all the cars were stolen but one at a time and eventually returned like the criminal was homeless amd uaing the cars to live in and sometimes lost posession of them due to running out of gas or the copz finding the cars in a random parking lot abandened etc. Is it legal for the cops to allow the crime to go on for such a ling period of time when they could have shut it down at any time? Again. Your post is deleted. We do not do hypotheticals here. Please use the other sub linked the last time you posted this. We also cannot answer what if questions here And yes, the police have no legal requirement to stop a crime. Or investigate a crime. If you post this again you will get banned