 My friend, Judy is 54 years old, previously divorced 18 years ago and had been dating Jim for over 12 years. They were on and off for that time, but never apart more than a few months. They never legally or officially lived together or owned property together. Over the last 6 months, Jim became severely depressed and Judy spent nearly every waking moment with him, taking him to psychiatrist appts, ERs and therapy. She was the only one by his side. Unfortunately 1 month ago, Jim committed suicide. Judy says that Jim made several comments to her before that he would "take care of her" and "would never forget what she had done"... Jim's family (3 sisters, 1 brother) is unfortunately acting a bit standoffish and refused to have a memorial service and now refuse to allow Judy to view his will. Judy is convinced he left something to her in his will. He owns a home (paid off), several cars and boats. Judy was laid off from her job about 1 month before Jim passed due to recurrent absences taking care of him. For context, Jim was never married and never had children. Does Judy have any legal right to see his will? His sister also claims that "it wasn't signed " but does this mean anything? Just FYI no state has any intestate provision for a non-married domestic partner. If there isn’t a will the GF will get nothing.  Every state in the US has a statutory rule for so-called "intestate" estates, which governs the distribution of assets in the absence of a will. Massachusetts' is [fairly complex](), but fully determines most kinds of asset, with very little room for the executor to decide the issue. Thank you. If a will isnt valid or if a person doesn't have one, how do they decide who everything goes to? Esp in this case where he had no wife or kids? If your friend believes there's even a small chance she may have been named in her boyfriend's will, she's in a good position to compel the estate to disclose the will to her. If the executor isn't cooperative, an estate litigation attorney can help her. If the will is not valid, then it isn't relevant to the probate process at all. They can't simultaneously argue that she was excluded from it and therefore gets nothing and that his will is invalid. They _can_ take the position that he died intestate and therefore that she has no standing to receive anything, but they may have to document the efforts they made to discover whether he had one, and to explain where this unsigned not-a-will document came from.