 So I am getting pretty nervous even though I am sure this will all work out in the end. Here is what happened This girl who I hook up with whenever we drink together started basically "tripping" the morning after we went home together. The previous night I was pretty intoxicated I am sure she was as well. We stopped by my friends house to smoke a joint, turned out to be pretty strong weed. he jokingly said it was laced which it obviously was not but I am guessing this is where she got the idea. I also called him to confirm it was not and also confirm I did not get drugs from him somehow without remember. I did not. After we get to my place I tried to do something nice by making tea for us two coffee cups one for each of us. I passed out not drinking any and she drank both in the morning. She thinks I drugged the tea. The only info I got out of her was that her arms felt heavy and she felt strange we also had sex and it apparently felt way better for her cause of these supposed drugs. Apparently she has gone and got a drug test done and I think filed a police report but I have not seen it. She now texting me and saying that if I admit that I drugged her she will drop all this. However, I am not going to admit to something I did not do and it will also be in record as it is a text. I am sure the test will come back negative. But in case it does not say for example she took drugs, then it will be my word against hers. Ask me for any more information and any advice would be greatly appreciated. If she actually had a test performed you will not find out about the results unless you are charged and the prosecution turns over evidence during the discovery phase of trial. Otherwise you don't have any right to that information.  Yeah, OP should definitely listen to 2 and 3. He mentions in the post that he asked his friend, whom they were doing drugs with, if he had gotten any drugs from him and just didn’t remember. That’s not the kind of question I’d be openly asking/sharing in a situation like this, and OP should consult with someone who can keep him from making any further careless inquisitions or statements.  This is very reassuring, thank you.  Okay this makes sense. I obviously will not confess to anything and have ceased contact with her. Thank you for the additional information.  I forgot to include that the burden of proof is on her. So even if it is her word against yours, you'd be in the clear. She has to prove beyond reasonable doubt that her account is the way things happened.  Even if the results came back positive , It doesnt mean you are the one who gave her whatever drugs are found. She is trying to get you to confess and may in her own right believe you did as she could be the paranoid type. A confession on your end could lead maybe to a civil suit. IANAL 1) I would recommend ceasing contact with the girl. Do not delete any messages between the two of you, don’t block, just don’t respond to her messages. She is now a person who is accusing you of a crime and may have done so to the police. Your conversations should be treated like evidence - assume the police will read anything you send to her. 2) Don’t talk to anyone else about this, unless they are your attorney. 3) Find the number of a good defense attorney. Memorize the name and phone number. If you can afford it, it wouldn’t hurt to go ahead and call and get a consult. I would DEFINITELY call a lawyer if any of your texts to the girl involve you admitting to a crime (like, say using illegal drugs). If you talk to an attorney follow their advice. 4) I would recommend locking your phone with a passcode. Police can force you to open your phone if it is locked with fingerprint or Face ID. They cannot force you to enter a passcode. 5) If the police contact you, you respond with “I don’t want to talk to you. I do not consent to a search. I want to speak to an attorney.” It is likely that if the police come visit you, they will search your home with or without your consent. Suffice to say, it would be bad for you if they find any contraband during their search. You will likely be tempted to say other things. The police are really good at convincing you to talk. In the name of all that is holy, do not deviate from “I don’t want to talk to you. I want to speak to my attorney.” Don’t deny things. Don’t admit things. Don’t explain yourself. JUST SHUT UP! She stated her arms felt heavy and hallucinated apparently. My question is The only contact I have with her is the result of the test. or else how do I find out.  She stated her arms felt heavy and apparently hallucinated. and just generally felling weird, as you can imagine It is tough to get info from her and it is difficult to describe psychedelic stuff She is crazy, she has been to therapy before and I think she is a little off.  that is my current plan The test should show she is 100% clean, thing is I cannot explain or come up with why she felt the way she did. she is saying she hallucinated as well.  Yeah. She thought she was drugged because the sex was better? If you admit it she'll drop it? Totally crazy. What does "tripping" mean to you? It's a confusing word made doubly confusing by the use of quotation marks. You should have absolutely 0 contact with her, should assume everything you say/text to her is being handed to the police, and need an attorney immediately. If the police come to speak to you, demand a lawyer. 