 Before you start reading, I'm sorry if this doesn't fit here. It's my first time posting in this subreddit and I could find any other subreddit that would fit more. I have a friend (I'll call him Tom in this text) whom I have known since, well my entire life basically. Tom has always been fun to hang around with and been nice, all the way to 5th grade. That all changed in 6th grade, when another schools students merged with ours, and we had like 60-ish new students, some of which, nothing mean intended, were a bit, well, narcissistic if that fits. Long story short, the new students started picking on Tom because he was a gamer and pale because he never was outside and stuff. Tom sometimes got into fights with two other of my closest friends (let's call them Jack and Jason) which put me into a dilemma for the time being; I simply couldn't choose a side in between them. Fun fact though, Tom and the other two of my friends (Jack and Jason) are really close friends now. This went on until 8th grade, where we got an entirely new school, freshly refurbished and everything, but during the rough time between 6th to 8th grade, he got depressed, got anxiety and nothing positive really. Tom also started cutting himself (which I don't understand why people think it's pleasing) and he started talking a lot about hanging and torture devices. 8th grade starts and stuff is like usual, but I almost immediately notice that he's not publicly expressing himself about suicide anymore, but he's still cutting himself and still living with anxiety and depression. I'm afraid to lose Tom and I'm pretty sure he's afraid to lose me as well, as we've known each other for the longest. Thing is, I want Tom to get help, but don't know how. I don't want to talk about it to my parents because they just make it awkward. I don't want to call to a suicidal help foundation as I feel it's a bit rude to just send him there, and neither do I want to tell his parents as that feels weird and it might come as a too big of a shock. Please help. I live in Sweden by the way, if that makes it any easier. Thank you all, so much, in return. Best regards. Remfy. Not a legal issue. Post removed.  \ You need to get over this and tell his parents. His life is more important than your awkwardness 