 Hello! I’m posting for my Fiancé, as I would like to guide her in the process of changing her name. The goal is to get her first and last name changed, the order that everything happens is what we need advice on. My Fiancé will be traveling internationally this year and needs a passport. In addition to that, we’re moving in together as she moved states after our engagement. On top of that, we would like to get married soon. My Fiancé was born in Russia and adopted at a young age by a family from the US. Upon being adopted from Russia, her first name was changed by the family adopting her. My fiancé absolutely hates the name they gave her and believes changing her name was an attempt to erase all Russian ties she had and shape her into their “ideal” child (long story....). Now being on her own, she wants her name changed back to her original Russian name. We need LegalAdvice’s help in figuring out the best approach for this complicated task. Breaking it down: - We’re getting married soon (last name changing) - She’s moving states and changing residency to our new house (Ohio - - She needs a new drivers license - She will be applying for a passport soon for her international trip - And finally, she wants to change her first name What order should all of this be done, so it is as easy as possible and avoids the different fees we might encounter when changing an address or name on documents. Can someone change their first name after getting married, at the same time they’re changing their last name? Location Michigan.  Wait until you get married, when you do, your fiance will be able to change both her first and last name. I had a friend who recently did it like this, and I am currently waiting to do this as well. I agree with the others to do it all at once after the wedding and the trip. My niece did it this way after doing a lot of research. She didn't like her first name, got married, and wanted to include the name of her exchange student host family with whom she has remained very close, so she changed it all in one whack: ditched her first name, made her middle name the first name, added the host family name as her middle name, and changed her last name to her husband's. I agree with the above comment. Don’t change anything until after you are married. My fiancée (from Thailand) had already changed her name several times before we met (it’s a common thing there). We needed certified translations of all the name changes for applications. If you change anything now you could set back the process. Good luck! So if I were her, I would wait until after I got married. To change her first name, she will need to file a petition for a name change with the court. That can achieve the first name. The last name is done with the marriage certificate. She can take a certified copy of both the marriage license and the court order changing her first name to the social security office to change her name there and then over to the DMV to change her name there. It will probably be easier for her if she waits until after her trip. Then she can get her new passport in her new name without worrying about time constraints and whether the process is done and new passport issued before travelling. 