 Not sure I used the right flair. My mother is antivax and has been since I was a baby. I got vaccinated at 18 and she has since had twins. She refused to get them their MMR even with the current outbreak but won’t give a straight answer as to why. As a sibling am I legally allowed to get them vaccinated without my mother’s knowledge? This is probably a really stupid question but her not vaccinating the children I love is extremely aggravating. I just want to know if there’s anything I can do.  If you were the kid's legal guardian, you could get them vaccinated. However, with a married mother and father in the picture, it would be near impossible to have a legal guardian appointed in the absence of overt abuse. Sorry. What if I were a legal guardian? Me too. I have a toddler who is too young for her second MMR yet. She is relying on everybody around her to be protected.  We’re it allowed id take legal action against her. It seriously infuriates me.  Ugg. Kindergarten it is then. Nevada requires kids to be up to date on their vaccines unless of religious belief or medical condition. No person belief exemption. I suspect many states will tighten up their laws regarding vaccination in the wake of this latest outbreak. My mother is a stay at home mom so they’ll likely never go to daycare.  If the kids are in daycare, they might be required for attendance. If they are not in daycare, kindergarten would be the first time they would need to show proof of vaccination. Minimum age for the MMR vaccine is 12 months old. If the legal mother and father won't get them vaccinated, you're kind of out of luck unfortunately. Which is terrible for the herd immunity. Good on you for getting vaccinated once you reached legal age.  Stop making useless off-topic comments in this sub. Only warning.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Well fuck. Thank you.  Then unfortunately it's their decision. Honestly I just thought saying the word sounded hilarious. Its like comeone tried to make the word "titty" sound cute. XD He doesn’t seem to care and trusts my mothers choices since she had 2 kids before the twins. He sees her as “the expert” as he has little to no experience (in his 50’s, first time married) I tried pulling him aside voicing my concern to him though I’ve no idea if he took it seriously.  Since they're both underage and not of an age where they can make a reasonable decision like this (because some areas do allow underage children to decide to get vaccinated on their own), then their parents would decide. What about the father? Thank you for pointing that out. Fixed.  Tittle... xD They turn 2 in May.  I added it in the body. It wouldn’t let me edit the tittle :/ How old are the twins? Hey, put your location or your post might be removed/ignored as laws depend on state and country 🖕🏻 I sure hope so  Please tell me this comment is a joke. Shut up Uhh do you want to get autism? 