 I've included an actual excerpt from the owner when I inquired on why they wouldn't provide an invoice. I also posted a review regarding these issues which they've threatened legal action against unless I take it down. I called an attorney who said I might not want to take it down... no idea what to do. Here are a few email excerpts: When asking for the invoice from PM: "During the last month of working with you, you have called into question not only our business ethics, but our moral compass. For these reasons, -redacted- have decided to terminate the agreement between you and -redacted- effective today February 8, 2019. We will be relinquishing all files and keys Monday morning to whomever you have chosen to represent you. Please be sure to print all of the reports you will need as the online portal will also be closed." (Their contract says 30 days notice, but this shows that because we asked for an invoice they terminated our contract?) From PM: "We will not be responding to your emails until ALL of the reviews are removed, if they are not removed by 1:00EST we will be turning this over to our attorneys." (I also posted on their Thumbtack site) From owner: "I understand that you are very petty person and obviously you like to blame everyone else for your problems but just because you get dumped and nobody else wants to deal with you and your “me too” attitude does not mean that you have the right to post slanderous reviews about someone. Your post about -redacted- is slanderous and will be dealt with in a -redacted- court of law. I can hardly wait for that because I love lawsuits like this and money is not an object for us when the other party is clearly in the wrong. Just because you are butt hurt about not getting your own way and because you refuse to take care of your properties does not mean you have the right to act like a little child and cry and whine about the way a legitimate company tries to manage your properties. You are the type that would also purchase a prom dress in high school, were the dress and then try to return it when your done with it, very pathetic and dishonest. You are pissed at us because we would not be dishonest and steal for you. We will now be turning over the reviews to our attorneys and they will be in touch with your attorney regarding the slanderous and malicious reviews that you put about both companies. You obviously have no idea of the reach that we have and we will go to every legal extent possible to fight back and will spare no expense in doing so." All of this started over not providing an invoice like that. What can I do in this situation? They won't provide an invoice or communicate, and I thought a review would make them actually respond. Instead I got this. I also was advised taking the review down might be bad for me.  IANAL, I'm a tax advisor. A lot of the snow removal industry is cash under the table. He probably doesn't want to issue an invoice because he's not reporting the income to the IRS, or remitting sales taxes. Generally, yes. In some jurisdictions you can hire a lawyer to appear on your behalf, but usually you have to show up yourself. I appreciate it- I think I've found a good one (they include invoices per contract), and have been in business for 40+ years so I think this will be in good shape. I also have a soft offer on my portfolio after all this nonsense so we're thinking we can just sell this portfolio entirely and reinvest the gains from it. No issue as nothing was false and I have emails supporting my claims, but I am out of state so if I do small claims do you know if I need to be physically present for it? With everything you just said it sounds like they fabricated the trip. I would take possession of your lease related stuff, and not pay the 900. If they are with holding it from tenant rent I would contact a lawyer and sue them. If everything happened the way you said it has, it should be a very easy case. As far as them suing for libel for your review, the best defense against libel is the truth. If you said things that are true and you have proof for you will be fine. If they send you anything from their legal department you will need to have your own lawyer respond. In any large city there should be a number of freelance real estate attorneys. If you have any questions about what to look for in a new company please do not Hesitate to ask.  They do and have, but I also live in a different state. Do you know if small claims requires you to show in person? If they do that, sue them in small claims court. If they still can’t or won’t produce invoices, you pretty much have a slam dunk. It can be a tort if it’s part of a copyright violation, but that’s about it. I would assume it's a standard business practice? They are refusing to do so and it's not in the contract sadly. I was shocked that the second I start questioning this I suddenly get dropped with no notice when the contract says 30 days, which makes things sound even more suspicious. Have been doing- thank you for the advice. Everything can be backed up with email conversations so I'm not lying by any means. You are correct- 30 day notice which they broke. Their email actually said it was because we were questioning their business practices and moral compass so I have that in writing. Yes, it is over the approval limit, however it's a collection of little payments for the snow removal so I'm sure they'll argue that way and I completely see the merit of that argument personally. It's not an optional thing either I assume. The agreement says nothing about invoices, sadly. It also says nothing about NEEDING to use their in house maintenance yet they still forced them on us when we said we wanted another company to do it. They said they'd charge us more for that which again wasn't in the agreement- all that is via email as well. No hourly information there, just labor charge. Tenants have been tracking their presence and they don't match up- not even close. I suspect your #2 suspicion in the last paragraph is exactly what's happening, and the second I questioned it they immediately dropped the contract. Which makes everything seem even more suspicious. Considering the verbiage in that guy's email, and his personal definition of plagiarism... I really don't think he knows what he's doing but what do I know. Yes, everything can be backed up via email conversations. I've also offered multiple times to talk about the contents of the review and consider what their side may be. They shockingly haven't taken me up on that.  Sadly they're a PM company so they take the rents, and then automatically deduct the debt before sending me the rest.  Sadly they're a PM company so they take the rents, and then automatically deduct the debt before sending me the rest. Plagiarism isn't a crime. You can request proof of a debt. If they can't prove you owe a debt, they can't make you pay it. Dont start paying for anything or agree to pay for anything, or you may assume the full debt. Tell them your accountant cannot process a transaction without invoice.  IANAL. If your review contains factual information, and your clear opinions of those facts, then there is no slander or libel. You actually have to lie for that claim to have merit. I find it amusing that they are threatening legal action against you, when you likely have a case against them for overbilling and breach of contact.  I do commercial property management so IANAL. However without seeing your management agreement I have to generalize and make some assumptions but a few things 1. I have never see a management contract that wasn’t at least a 30 day notice so I can’t imagine yours is any different (if it is, in the future do not sign those). If they are saying we quit come get your stuff they are in breach 2. Most agreements have a dollar amount they management company can spend without owner approval. Check if these are over that limit 3. All my agreements have Language saying if I have a vendor (an a/c company, locksmith, landscaper, whatever) come and preform a service I have to be able to provide an invoice. Check your agreement. If they are saying they had their personal do it then they may not have to provide an invoice but should be able to provide an hourly breakdown As an impartial observer simply by going by your version of the story I have to assume one of two things happened. 1. They never had work done and are trying to cheat you out of the money 2. They had work done but are lying about how Much it was to try and pad their bottom line. (This is much more common).  NAL. Do not take down the reviews. If they can 100% be backed up with facts, they will become part of your testimony. Oh, and libel/slander doesn't hold up against factual accounts.  There was one, but it doesn't seem to be followed. $45 admin fees to visit a property that isn't in their contract. Nothing in contract that says we MUST use their maintenance crew (but they wouldn't let me use anyone else and we caught them doubling their billing hours), they broke the contract due to questioning their morals with no notice when it says 30 days, etc. 