 I purchased a home in June of 2018 for $370,000. Unfortunately, the home burned down the same day that my loan funded. My insurance paid approximately $490,000 to rebuild- but the check had my name and my lender’s name on it. After calling my lender, they had me sign it over to them and they wrote me a check for the difference. That part all makes sense; however, I have been paying $2700 each month toward the mortgage (with only $400 each month going toward principal). So, they have the original loan amount back and get to keep it until they pay it out incrementally to the contractor throughout the rebuild process—but I’m still paying interest on it... is that legal? I have paid approximately $11,500 in interest even though they are holding the originally lended funds hostage. Didn't the originally lended funds go to the seller? This sounds correct to me. Your loan went through as normal, and you will pay that loan for whatever the loan period happens to be (usually 15 or 30 years). The payout from your insurance is not a loan. That is money to rebuild the house. Your mortgage lender won't let you hang on to the money because they don't want you to stop paying your loan and get a parcel of land with no house on it when you foreclose on them. If you don't want to rebuild, and plan on selling the parcel as an empty lot, taking your $120k (give or take) and leaving, you can talk to the lender about paying off the loan with the money they've received from the insurance. Then you can take out a new loan when you find a new home you wish to buy. The interest rate might be a little higher, but at least you'll have a bigger down payment with the money you got from the insurance. Sorry you had to go through all this, but at least it happened (I presume) before you moved all your stuff into the place. I believe that the correct thing to do is for you to continue paying normal intrerest on your original mortgage BUT for the bank that is holding the larger part of your insurance payment to pay you the interest on it. Not all mortgage lenders are banks. It sounds like the lender just reissued the loan and is doling out the payments to the builders/contractors themselves, like a typical rehab loan. That's how this should be done, in most cases. Once a certain benchmark is reached, the contractor submits an invoice to the lender and they pay it. This way OP can spend $370k or so of the lender's money to rebuild, and the mortgage amount and terms are the same as before, since it's the same loan. What do you mean the lender? You call whoever you got the loan from... Which bank do I call? The lender has the funds. Still doesn't make sense. Construction loans and existing home loans are not the same. Moreover, they loaned you money which was paid to the buyer, now they need to pay another party to do new construction so there must be a new loan. As importantly, if they have the money the loan should have been paid off. You need to call the bank and ask them just what is going on and why. We cannot speculate as to what is going on here. They said we didn’t need to do a new loan since the loan amount is not increase. They are loaning is the same amount. That doesn't make any sense. The loan should have been paid off. You need to talk to someone at the bank to find out what is going on. Original loan was never paid off- they are simply holding onto the funds until we get to the rebuild phase (hopefully next month) but they’ve been holding those funds for several months but still charging us interest. Right which I am fine with paying the interest if they didn’t already have the funds back. What am I paying interest on at this point? The promise to eventually rebuild? Sounds like you are paying a new loan, or should be. You paid off the initial loan, but to rebuild you would need a new construction loan, you should be paying interest on that loan right now. Pull up an amortization schedule with your loan details and double check their figures. You always pay more towards interest earlier in the loan.