 Hello, LegalAdvice friends! This is a throwaway account. I am in Pennsylvania. I have recently discovered manga style hentai (sexy graphic novels). I really like them, because they often have somewhat of a plot (sometimes even romance!) and none of the bad acting that traditional porn does! Huzzah! They also, bizarrely, have caused my self-esteem to increase slightly after not looking at traditional porn. So, I'd prefer not to stop because I do really like the medium. I do not like looking at "loli" or "shota" (hentai with young people). However, I did once open such a hentai, freaked out, shut it immediately, and felt really bad about myself for a while. I also have been lowkey worried the FBI will slam through the door and arrest me. Now I'm pretty vigilant about looking for sources with adults. One way I do this is via "tags" on sites. (They don't seem to have tags for things like "adults only" or "pretty normal stuff, all things considering", or "romantic, even though it's with a monster girl" but they do have tags for things like "business suit" which is usually office situations, so that's helpful.) But occasionally the "landing page" for the hits will have tiny little thumbnails of loli/shota stuff. (Because the landing page will just be lots of little images of covers, know what I mean?) Sometimes I also open the source and skim the tags to see if there are any offending tags. Could I get in trouble for that? I mean, because of the tiny thumbnail? Or opening a source, realizing I don't like it, and closing it like 2 seconds later? I talked to my husband about this (we are very open about our porn viewing habits and watch porn together) and he was flabbergasted that I was even concerned about the legality of this, because he didn't think drawings (even of underage people) could be illegal. But I am not sure if that is right. How unsafe is this? It's not worth it if it is unsafe, or I will see if there is a site that is like, xxx-adults-only-hentai or something.  FBI OPEN UP Nah Im just kidding, if it was accidental its ok oh, good! thanks!! It’s legal, you didn’t actively look for cp or anything of the sorts. As long as you don’t download any or contribute to the content, you are 100% safe.