 I met a girl on bumble. We kept it brief in text and she suggested we go out for drinks. We’re talking for around 2 hours at the bar and we’re clearly having a great time. We had 3 drinks each. It’s getting late and I purpose the exact line, being; “I’m going to suggest an idea, you can by all means turn it down if you’re uninterested, but we should go watch [the show she’s been talking about for the last 20 minutes] at your place”. She’s eager and says yes immediately. She’s said a few things up to this point that have thrown me off, like the anti depressants that she is on and her shitty old boyfriend. I’m relatively new to dating and this is probably a big red flag, but I looked past it. We get back to her place, start watching the show and then we’re making out on her couch. She’s again clearly interested as she’s grabbing my hand tighter and tighter in some kind of pulsing rhythm. Things start to get sexual and she suggest going to her room. She takes her dress off and then starts taking my shirt off, etc. This is where the problem starts. I’ve been with 2 girls sexually before this, and both times my nerves cause me to go fully flaccid (down there), an obvious problem. Same thing this time. I try to distract her from it with oral and what not. Nothings working. She reciprocates and still nothing. Clear disappointment from her and I feel like shit. We get tired and give up, we’re both still naked me next to her, and we’re lying down talking. I eventually manage to get hard 30 minutes later, I ask if she wants to have sex a few times, she turns it down saying she’s tired and I jerk off then go to sleep. We wake up the next morning and it’s clearly awkward, we have a shower, get dressed and both take off to work with it being subliminally understood between us that we wouldn’t be seeing each other again (if the above story doesn’t already imply it). A few days later I feel really shitty and decide to text her apologizing, saying I’m sorry, it’s happened before, that she’s a great girl, and I hope her luck turns around soon. A few days pass and now we’re at present. She responds in a lengthy message accusing me of rape and sexual abuse. I don’t know what to do. I’ve briefly entertained taking this to the police myself but I’m not sure. As a victim of a nasty false reporting of title IX, where I almost did shit with a girl and ended up calling it a night, the very next day I had a police officer at my dorm serving me with a summons from my college to meet with the deputy investigator. This was a very nasty and drawn out ordeal. I would highly recommend to SHUT THE FUCK UP. Don't talk to anyone about it, don't spread shit around, don't talk shit about her(can be seen as retaliation), don't text her back. If you texted her you may say something that could be read wrong. You already saying sorry it has happened before could be interpreted horribly. You need to consult a lawyer and cover your ass. It is better to get one on retainer right now than last minute when you get fucked over by her.  There's no reason to go to the police, especially if no report has been filed, because you yourself have nothing to report. At best you'll be incriminating yourself to try and avoid getting charged with a crime of which they aren't yet aware. Chances are she's not actually going to report anything and she's just crazy venting, so don't give the police a reason to look into you. Don't respond to the text and let it be for now. Get a lawyer if you get a call from the police. You don't want to talk to them if you don't have to, but if officers tell you they have a warrant out for your arrest, you may want to turn yourself in pretty soon after--and in that case you'll definitely want to have talked with an attorney before doing that.  Please also back up every communication you have had with her in multiple places before blocking her.  Is there a possibility she confused you with another guy? Do not reply. Sheylan didn't suggest responding and I agree that you shouldn't engage with her... Leaving the texts unblocked just gives you a record of what she's saying, where blocking them would not. That info could prove to be very valuable. If your phone has 'read' options, turn that off so she doesn't know if you read her texts. Save all messages sent to you. Chances are decent that she'll stop texting and move on with her life if you don't respond, which is really the ideal situation.  Is it possible she's getting you mixed up with someone else? Just to echo everyone else, don't respond and if contacted by the police don't answer anything without your attorney present. While everything is still freshish write it all down, times and places. What occurred during yalls courting, what happened and who initiated what at HER place. Consider if your ex relations would be willing to vouch for your condition. Obviously don't give or hand any of this over to the police but do have it ready if you are in need of a lawyer. [removed] This is because she’s embarrassed by the whole interaction. A terrible way to respond to it or course but I recommend backing off ASAP and not speaking with her again. The best thing you can do is make her feel like she’s won and maintained her pride, as fucked up as that sounds. The likelihood of her escalating this further is muuuuch higher if you respond. She wants this to be an awkward one night stand that she never has to think about again. Evil stuff tho. I see where he’s coming from, but I think just not responding should more than suffice. Thanks for the input. Do not block her as/u/NerdCrush suggested. It doesn't help you, and it might deny you critical information if she happens to text you an extortion threat or something. DO NOT have any more contact with her. Record all past contact and any messages she sends you. If you are charged hire a good attorney and give them all the evidence you have collected. I asked her specifically if she was okay with it after she declined sex. She said yes, and without getting too sexually explicit she took part. Whatever you do, do not reply to her text. It can and will be used against you. Ignore her and if the police come looking for you do not talk to them without your lawyer present. TLDR: STFU and talk to no one except your lawyer if it comes to that. 95% chance that it doesn’t though. Masturbating in bed with someone without their consent could be treated as a sexual assault. Her consent to prior sexual activities does not grant consent to this new sexual activity. If you're contacted by the police you should politely decline to answer their questions and speak with an attorney. Clearly you should not make any other attempts to contact this person. You should block and ignore her. You should not go speak to the police and if the police come around to speak to you, you should politely decline and seek the advice of a criminal defense attorney. 