 My half-sister (28) refuses to vaccinate her children. I don't know what stance my BIL (28) has on it, but he hasn't done anything. Our mother wants me to try to convince her, but I know she won't listen as she's probably using all her brainpower to breathe and think about what sort of MLM to fall for this time. Is there anything I can do to ensure my nephews, who are 18 months and ~4.5 years old to get vaccinated? I might try to go behind her back with my BIL if he can grow a pair, but I'm unsure if that will work. Are there any other options? I want to make sure my nephews are safe and healthy. I don't care what I have to do or how this will blow up in my face as long as I don't get arrested.  Possible. But look at the attitude you are posting with regarding her. It’s clear you don’t respect her and didn’t before this issue. I’m betting she can tell. And doesn’t want to listen to your self righteous crap. But we are long past legal advice here. Legal advice. You can’t get them vaccinated. You aren’t their parent.  I insulted her here. I never insulted her in person. Your op stated that she is using all her brain power to breathe and look at a new mlm. Then you insult your bil by saying he hasn’t found the balls to disagree with her. The correct legal advice is to let her not vaccinate. Cause you have no legal standing otherwise. I get it. You’re 16 and know everything. All of us were there once. But you can’t fix this. And the way you are coming across here is super petulant and insulting. So I can understand your sister and her husband ignoring your teenage pique because they are older and think they know better.  I didn't insult her when she started rambling about how you can't trust doctors and vaccines are bad. And the only two people I've insulted are ones who just said "let her not vaccinate" them instead of explaining why I can't - does that sound like advide? To protect other children? She was born in 1939. That seems old enough. Hey, how old is your grandmother? She may be old enough to remember how shitty things were before the polio vaccine. See if she's willing to talk some sense into your sister. He might well be. But this isn’t the r/moraladvice It’s legal advice. Legally you have as much standing to vaccinate your nephews as I do. Also since you’ve been pretty insulting about your sister here and insulting to posters I can’t fathom why she wouldn’t want to listen to you.  legally, nothing. She can't cut me off because I live with my mother and grandmother, both of which she relies on for babysitting and a ton of other stuff.  Realistically, your nephews will end up still not vaccinated AND your sister will also cut you off from contact with them. As much as I hate your advice. From a legal standpoint it is 100% correct. The downvotes are unwarranted. On the upside op if she doesn’t vaccinate them you probably aren’t on the hook for 36 birthday presents.  Ah yes, and let them or others be injured by preventable diseases. Are you stupid? To pressure her into vaccinating? She's stubborn and won't respond to anything else. Why would you do that to your nephews and possibly get them kicked out and create more hardships for them?  Congrats, that's the stupidest illegal advice I've seen here ever. You can mind your business and let your sister raise her kids how she see’s fit.  Can I report her to whatever daycare she has Nephew 1 (4.5 yrs) at? He has some, but not all.  perhaps give actual advice instead of violating the rules and being a dipshit? Nothing, theyre not your children and youre 16.  perhaps steal the vaccines and do it yourself ? You cannot do anything to these children. In NY, " Every child in day care, Head Start, nursery school or prekindergarten in NYS must be immune to diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, measles, mumps, rubella, poliomyelitis, hepatitis B, varicella, Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib), and pneumococcal disease " - convince her to enter her children in these programs. You can speak to your BIL about it and he can legally get his children vaccinated. You CANNOT secretly vaccinate them. You have no options. They’re not your kids, and this doesn’t amount to neglect in the legal sense. As they get older you can suggest they talk to their doctor themselves though. 