 Probably important facts: Car is registered in ex GFs name Brother ‘claims’ his ex GF had a Credit card in his name (must have forged signature) and he is now paying back 25k debt for that so can’t afford to pay sister for the car he bought. We warned the sister not to let shitlord brother do this but he convinced her somehow Yeah it’s weird, she’d rather pay it then possibly cause issues with her brother  Then she better feel like paying the $15,000 loan back with her own money. If the ex-GF forged a signature to get a credit card in brother's name, brother needs to go to the police to report fraud and hopefully stick ex-GF with the $25k in debt. Sister is likely down $15k if she did not get anything in writing, as verbal agreements can be difficult to enforce. If the gift is taxable it may be the only FU recourse she has Figured this might be the case now, thanks Little sister is out of luck. If the rego is in Ex’s name, she’s the legal owner. Because the car isn’t on finance (paid in full due to personal loan), it can’t be repossessed by the lender either. If she had no written agreement for him to repay her, then essentially she took out a $15k loan and gifted it to Shitlord. Sorry.  Sounds like the best bet is taking action against shit lord since for obvious reasons the ex isnt responsible for paying sister back. The only other thing i can think of is if there was any kind of payment agreement with the ex. For instance, did the ex at any point say she will pay anyone back? Whether its sister or shit lord? Or did shit lord literally give ex the car? Sister sues brother for the defaulted loan and attempts to collect. Just a verbal agreement, she doesn’t feel like taking action against the brother, I feel like there’s nothing to do otherwise. Yeah I did a horrible job at posting this. Brother didn’t forge anything, he talked her into it and said he would make the repayments but he’s shit so that was never going to happen  Was there any agreement between the shit Lord and the sister about repayment terms? Idk how she could get the car back from the ex but she could potentially take action against the brother.  Shit Out of Luck? I’m thinking that too I think you need to repost this with all the details much clearer. Nothing it the OP makes sense. If the brother forged sisters name in anything - car or personal loan, she needs to call the police.  So sister willingly gifted $15k to purchase a car for the brother's ex girlfriend? If yes, then she is SOL. No, it’s not a car loan, it was just a personal loan. I wish I could edit the fucking title So the car loan is attached to the car... how is the car in one name and the loan in another name?  Yep, you know how there are different types of loans? Home loans need to be fixed to a property, car loans are attached to a car, personal loans aren’t attached to anything How is the loan in her name and the car not in her name? Where I live they have to match. Are you sure?  Sorry No the shitlord brother in laws ex GF allegedly forged his signature to get a credit card in his name, I don’t believe that though it’s just his excuse for not paying his sister back for the $15k loan Only the loan is in her name, and it was just a personal loan of money to buy the car, so it’s not car loan that’s fixed to the car. I’ll add that to the thread  CALL THE POLICE. If it’s in her name, she can report it stolen.  It's either getting late or I'm tired or both. But I'm confused. Who forged a signature? Was the loan, which was taken out in the little sister's name, authorized by the little sister? If not, she should have contacted the police when she first learned of this.