 I'm subleasing a bedroom with a friend and our current lease doesn't end until June. Two days ago, we renewed our lease for another year. However, we found out found our some information that affects our decision and we want to terminate our new lease. We brought it up with our sublessor and they mentioned that they already submitted the lease to the landlord. According to them, it's not possible to terminate it without giving up the entire security deposit and cited a similar situation happened last year where a sublessee had to surrender the entire deposit to break the lease. We don't have a copy of the new lease and they said they gave the original to the landlord. We found it suspicious because subleaser refuses to let anyone contact landlord directly (not even phone number) and they have been telling every sublessee different information about the house. Also, we found out that there's a couple of possible health violations in the house. (i.e. lack of fire and gas detectors, possible illegal conversions of rooms into bedrooms). There's also spotty WiFi and power outages due to over surge from electrical appliances in the kitchen. When one of the housemates brought up that we should buy faster internet to replace our current one, the subleaser accused him of the only one complaining. He was the only offering solutions (which turned out to be correct) to the power outage problems since he has experience, but was ignored by the subleaser. They only allow the electrician (with connections to the landlord) to come over under the landlord supervision after constant pleading from the sublessees. As of now, claiming that the fire and gas detectors would be installed today, there is no results. It's concerning because last week there was a gas leak because someone left the stove on for up to 14 hours. A couple of people woke up with headaches, but subleaser brushed it off. We did some research and found it's possible to sue the landlord for safety reasons listed above, but we want to post here and hear alternatives going forward before we decide. The subleaser offered that we either surrender our security deposit right away to break the lease for sure or if we can find someone to replace us before April, we might be able to break the lease and may recover some of our deposit (but there’s no guarantee that we would find someone or if the landlord would agree). In addition if we do sue, we don't want to be evicted before our current lease end due to the house being unsuitable for living. Td;lr Need to break lease for next year with current security deposit intacted (preferably), but landlord can only be reached by shady subleaser. House also has various health concerns. Theres no magic way to break your lease penalty free. Giving up one month’s rent to be released from your lease sounds very reasonable. Alternatively, if you can find someone to replace you, you should get all or almost all of the security deposit back. 