 I'm at a loss as to where we should proceed from here. Over the weekend there was a mall shooter and the police told everyone to evacuate. When we had to inform our management they had us contact our District Manager. At this time they told us we need to re-open our store as soon as possible and made it sound like anyone who left would be fired. Now during, the police came by a few times wondering what the hell we were still doing there. Eventually we noticed more cops were diverted to standing around outside our store while they were going about their business. At this time I'm looking for other jobs as I don't want to work somewhere that prioritizes a possible customer or two over everyone's lives. I'd like to know what legal options or repercussions we have before we even so much as contact HR. Additionally we do not have a Union. Mind you the shooter did not enter our store itself. "The police refused to allow us in the store. They wouldn't let us reopen. I was right there waiting to reopen the second they allowed it and I'm proud to say we re-opened at record speed the minute the police stopped blocking us. I'm sure our customers were impressed too." What's she going to do, fire everyone who was on shift because they were following police orders? Training new people is expensive and disruptive so it's unlikely she'd follow through with that sort of threat. Generally speaking if a job and a cop give you conflicting instructions, go with the cop. Figure out the job situation afterward.  Next time follow police instructions and call in after you are in a safe place. Your life is far more important than any job. By refusing to evacuate you probably increased the risk to first responders as well. Not trying to make anyone feel guilty, but next time (hope there never is a next time!) use common sense. Screw the DM.  Since we were on the clock we are still being paid the entire time. Can confirm, DM is a turd. Your DM is a turd. There is no way I would disobey law enforcement and reopen that store in the midst of that chaos. Not until the scene was cleared would I grace that store with my presence. Might be time for a strong talk with management, to find out if you're on the same page here. Sometimes 'management from afar' just isn't good enough during a crisis situation. In my opinion, this situation should have been handled better by management. Will you let us know if the employer fails to pay you for any "down time"?  They said to re-open by 8. During that time people were still running around and there was still yelling. All the while police told us multiple times we need to leave. You can legally complain to corporate. If there was an active shooter, police instructions overrule your district managers instructions to open a store. But is there something missing? I cannot think of any sane person that would stay open for business with an active shooter.  Did they explicitly state that you had to reopen during the evacuation? Or to simply open back up as soon as you could?