 I sold a Chloe Bag on Poshmark for $300. I’ve been selling on Poshmark for a while, and am very particular about attaching correct labels, using correct boxes, etc. Tge Poshmark app lets you track the box, and I saw that the box was delivered to buyer on December 22. From there, the buyer is notified that the box has been delivered and that they have 3 days to say it’s delivered or report a problem. When I saw it was delivered, I checked to see the buyers activity on Poshmark, and she was happily perusing, but never reported a problem. On December 25, the app and the tracking number via USPS showed that the item had been delivered. Now, fast forward 4 days, on December 29th, Poshmark sends an email saying that the buyer never received the box, and that the box is being shipped back to me. ??? The box was on my porch, and says “Refused” on it. It also said “Return to Sender” and Unable to Forward”. Poshmark is difficult to contact because they do not have phone numbers, and the give “canned” unhelpful email responses. I want to make sure that this buyer does not waste another sellers time. What should I do?  Is the returned bag for sure the same bag you sent out? You are right! I now know this isn’t a legal issue. It’s a Poshmark/Scammer issue. Thank you for your insight.  If I ordered a $300 bag and it showed that it came all the way cross country and got sent back, I would contact the seller and say “hey, what happened?” I wouldn’t let a week pass... especially when Poshmark rules say you have to report something wrong within 3 days. Something is fishy to me about the buyer. Poshmark sends the shipping label based on the info the buyer gives them. I attached the label that Poshmark sent me. So, if it’s wrong, then you’d think the buyer would say something. As of now, Poshmark is saying I must have made the one if the following mistakes when shipping and “shipped it incorrectly”: going over 5 pounds (it’s only 4 pounds including the box) placing it in an Express box instead of Priority (mine was in correct Priority box) making the label unclear (label was in perfect condition after traveling all the way from Coast to Coast twice) But that’s what Poshmark does, they send out these pre-scripted responses without even reading emails or looking at the concern. I’ve sold more than 200 items and have come into contact with 3 scammers. Poshmark does nothing to support the seller. :(  Is it possible that the item was shipped to the wrong address, marked as delivered by the USPS, then the person who mistakenly received it sent it back?  I would “call” Poshmark if I could. All they do is send pre-scripted email responses that don’t necessarily solve the problem. Thank you for trying to help though.  This isn't a legal question either You can send it or presumably cancel the order. If you're unsure what to do call Poshmark. Also, Poshmark is asking me to resend the package, but I am worried that this buyer is fraudulent. I’ve NEVER had a item returned from USPS, so this seems fishy to me. Hypothetically, if I ordered an item on Poshmark and it said that it had arrived, and I never received it, I would contact the buyer. The buyer is active on Poshmark right this minute and can see that I am on there as well.. which means they could contact me asking what happened. This is what makes me believe the buyer is a scammer/fraudulent Thank you for your response. Poshmark is asking me to resend it, and buyer hasn’t said she wants to cancel, so... What should I do?  You cannot tell people what to do. You can fly to the buyers address and lecture them though. That's legal.  [removed] This isn’t a legal issue. There is no crime committed by refusing the package. There is no civil action to take against someone wasting your time. 