 When me and my family were driving home from dinner today, we stopped at work so my Dad could get his car to drive home (He was working today, and drove his own car there). I had to go to the bathroom, so I put my soda from dinner on the floor (We don't have cup holders) and I walked into his work. While I was walking out my Dad said "The door to the truck is locked" and I said "What?" and then he told me I was driving in HIS car, not the van and that the van had already left. I had my camera, Bluetooth earplugs, and some CDs in the backseat of the van, along with my drink on the floor. I was talking to him about how I had left my stuff in the van and I told him about the drink. He then started yelling at me and screaming because the drink might have spilled. He called Mom and she said it did spill. Then we got into the car while he was still yelling at me. When we stopped for gas I had thought he was over it, but while the gas was filling up he started punching me, pulling my hair, and shaking me for 30 whole seconds. I was screaming and crying but he didn't stop. Eventually he pushed me out of the car and walked back to the pump. When he was done pumping he yelled at me to get in. I have bruises on my hands and my hair is hurting like hell. It's 10:25pm and I'm still crying about this. What can I do? Can I press charges? Call the police? I'm 14 years old. Can a minor press charges? Will I need a lawyer? Be sure to tell the police what gas station this occurred at as there is likely video evidence but they tend to only be available for short periods of time before they are recorded over again, so time is of the essence if you choose to pursue this now. I am so sorry about this and I hope you feel better soon and it never happens again. Has he done this to you before?  “What can I do?” You can contact the police. However, CPS may get involved and if you have siblings, you could all be placed in foster families. That could effectively change your lives, not necessarily for the better. “Can I press charges?” A DA decides whether or not to prosecute. “Call the police?” You decide. If this constantly happens, yes. But if you have siblings, think about them. “Can a minor press charges?” DAs press charges, not you. “Will I need a lawyer?” Not necessarily, you’re not being accused of a crime.  Take pictures of bruises and what not. Especially if you decide not to call police, so you have evidence for future use. I’m sorry this happened.  IANAL. Yes, you can (and should) call the police. What he did was wrong. Very wrong. Anyone, including a child, can make a report by calling 855-444-3911 I MI. For immediate assistance you can call your local police department directly as well (phone book or google will help you find the correct number. Hun, the first thing you need to do is call the cops and let them know what happened. You won’t be the one pressing charges, it’ll be the DA. You should be able to ask the cops to call CPS for you if they don’t do that after the report is made. DO NOT tell your dad that you called the cops. That would give him time to come up with a cover story for what he did and give him time to lie to the cops. Yes you can call the police. Alternatively you can tell an adult at school if you're not comfortable talking to the police. No you cannot press charges. Only the District Attorney can press charges. You can't afford a lawyer, and you're not suing so one is not needed. 