 Hi! I am a Jewish student in California and there have been some... issues in the past couple of years with a professor insulting students and faculty over perceived political opinions. The professor is firmly anti-Zionist and has, over the past year, said that the Jewish chaplain is brainwashing student, called the Hillel on campus "the modern day KKK", called the student leader of Hillel an racist whose only goal is to make other students cry, interrupted student panels, attempted to physically fight one of his colleagues (he was escorted out by camp security before any harm could be done), repeated followed the student president of Hillel around (presumably to listen in on his conversations about the organization), and yelled at students during lecture for disagreeing with his views (there are other smaller example, but these are the most disturbing). The culmination of these things and more have been very annoying to Jewish students on campus and has created, what I feel to be, a fairly hostile environment. My question is, is there anything, from what I have described, that he has done that is actually illegal that could allow for a civil case to be taken up against the professor? While it’s not ideal and there may be consequences, give your school paper a ring. Tell them what’s happened. Shining a public light on the bad behavior may get the attention of the right people. I guess it all depends on how far you’re willing to go.  We've already talked to everyone in the chain of command and they are aware but worried about the optics of it which everyone involved understand. I am waiting for my friend who has been the main target of his attacks to return from abroad and discuss writing a public article from the perspective of students to try to weaken his immunity by exposing him. Not surprising. He’s clever and a good manipulator. Document everything. Dates, times, locations. Write it up in a professional manner. Deliver to the dean and ask for a meeting. Don’t take no for an answer. He’ll continue to get away with it if someone doesn’t step up and fight. He really hasn’t done anything illegal, which is why I say he’s clever. But he’s certainly creating a poor environment for students. Go to anyone that will listen. And if that doesn’t work, go above them.  We have talked to admins but he's done this best to make himself socially invincible by making himself public Yes and the President of the college is fully aware and, according to his wife, on our side, but he is tenured and has publically claimed that if they try to fire him he is being punished for his political views. Absolutely start with speaking to the dean and make sure you are knowledgeable about school policy where it applies to harassment or discrimination. Make it abundantly clear that it will not be tolerated. Get students together that share that view.  Aside from picking the fight, what you described is probably not illegal. It is almost certainly in violation of your colleges policies and code of conduct for faculty. Have you spoken to the dean about his behavior?