 I live in a suburb, that's kinda in the outskirts of town. There's still some undeveloped desert and farms nearby. My cat got out last night, and hasn't come back. I went looking for him and ended up talking to some neighbors. They told me that coyotes hopped their fence and killed their 2 Chihuahuas. They dragged the 3rd to a house down the street from them and left him there with a broken spine. The dog had to be put down. There's a neighborhood social media kind of website, and people have been posting pictures of these coyotes walking around mid day, unafraid of cars and children playing in the parks. I'm afraid my cat may have been killed by these coyotes. I kept walking and found a big empty lot with a "Private property, no trespassing" sign. An ambulance drove by and I heard about 3 or 4 coyotes howling. After waiting for a bit I saw 2 of them, wandering around the lot. There's a lot of trees, washes, and piles of wood that could be potential dens. I believe the coyotes are living in the empty lot, and coming to the neighborhood to hunt. I would harass them and try to chase them out myself, but I can't enter the property due to the no trespassing sign. Is there anything I can do about this? I don't know who owns the lot but it's just untouched desert littered with piles of random garbage. Pretty much a coyote breeding ground. Yes! Call Fish and Game for the state/county. I don’t think it matters if they have reasonable suspicion for dangerous animals. We dealt with a bobcat in our neighborhood (also AZ) and they went through the neighbor’s back gate without bothering to knock — they just asked about dogs.  I'd consider this, but the problem is that they live on private land and I don't know who the owner is. You can contact code enforcement and animal control in your area about the situation Coyotes are wild animals you can't exactly evict them. You can check if your municipality allows people to trap or kill them.  Your best bet is going to be to call one of the wildlife control companies. Google "your county" wildlife control and you should find someone who offers trapping services. You can also contact animal control if you think the coyotes are there as pets. However, unless you have some proof that they are living there, wildlife removal is going to be the better office. Call animal control or wildlife management agencies. If there are indeed sufficiently used to people that they do not run in broad daylight, it is likely they would be considered dangerous by animal control. Coyotes are not protected or considered endangered in AZ, and can be culled or trapped and removed.  There is absolutely nothing that can be done about populations of coyotes in your immediate area. Coyotes are a pest and repopulate at insane rates. Might want to check with your local guidelines as to whether you can protect your property from them, but you can not make coyotes go away.