 I found a cleaning company with a promising website and requested a quote for an entire house, full move-out clean. They responded quickly (12/14) and we arranged a time for them to come (12/17). They arrived 30 minutes late, but got to work pretty fast. It was a crew of three people and it took them three hours. The same day they were scheduled to clean, we had to drive 3 hours to our new house to prepare for the moving company to deliver our household goods. We were a bit behind schedule since they arrived late, so when the crew was done cleaning, we handed them cash and they left. I’ve never used a cleaning service before and it didn’t occur to me to do a walk through/inspection with them. The next time we were at the old house (12/19), I realized how poorly they cleaned some areas. Husband called the cleaning company and they promised they would come back and redo the cleaning. Their website also states, word for word, “If for any reason you aren't happy with our professional cleaning services, contact &lt;company . We will come back and clean the specific areas that didn't meet your expectations. Nothing is more important to us than your satisfaction.” We moved out on 12/20 and told our realty company about the issue. They said they would call the cleaning company and schedule the reclean since we turned in the keys. It’s been 2 weeks now and the cleaning company is ignoring all calls. If they do not redo the cleaning, then the rental company will deduct money from our security deposit and hire a new company to clean the house. What can we do to make sure the original cleaning company comes back to redo the cleaning as they promised us? Thanks.  The rental company actually told us to use a company that guarantees their cleaning so they can call them back to redo certain areas after their inspection. It’s noted in their move out “to do” list. I mentioned we paid cash in my original post but wanted to thank you for taking the time to read + respond anyways. Appreciate it. Have a good evening.  The posts said they paid cash, so the chargeback isn’t possible.  Your property management company doesn’t give a crap about the guarantee of your cleaning company — so you are stuck in the middle. Cut your losses — call the credit card company and file a chargeback against your cleaning company — recoup that money — use that to offset the cost of having the property management company clean for you. Pending your deadline to have it clean and get your refund — you ‘might’ be able to find another cleaning company on your own, but who knows if you will/won’t be right back at square 1 with a terrible job. If this was me — my time and stress is invaluable; I would do the credit card chargeback and tell the property manager that you tried and they are welcome to take care of the cleaning on their own. Do you mean just pay the amount the rental company would charge to the original cleaning company for services not completed as agreed (ie partial payment/refund)? Since cleaning company guarantees their work we are trying to avoid paying extra for cleaning since we have already done so. We are hoping for the full security deposit returned as it’s been tough on us financially with our third move this year (military) and the holidays. How did you pay for the initial cleaning? If credit card — call your credit card company and do a chargeback on services not completed as agreed. Ask how much the rental company charges to re-clean it and just pay that.