 I was hired with a positive drug test (it is in my personnel file) for THC and have been working for the company for several years. At no point was I asked to retest, and at the time the company did not have a random drug testing policy. Now several years in, management has changed and a new policy has been implemented for random drug testing. The new management is VERY involved in alcoholics anonymous and views marijuana as serious as herion or meth. Needless to say I am in a lose lose situation here. I have stopped using marijuana products pending a looming random drug test, however due to the frequency of use the odds are I will not be able to clear it from my system by the time I am tested. I should also note, no staff memebers have signed in agreement of these new policies. Also I know other staff tested positive and were hired, when audited by the state, the test results were removed from our files. My questions are: Can they fire me for this considering I was hired with it, never asked to retest, and have been working with it on my file for years? Do I have any rights in this situation?  Stop smoking weed and hope you piss clean. It sucks but they have every right to fire you  The only legal precedent I know of this is not in your favor it's Coats v. Dish Network. The long and short of it is that the Colorado Supreme Court (6-0) said the employer has the right to fire the employee for failing a drug test. Of course that was in Colorado and you are in Nevada so you could attempt to challenge this but I doubt it would go any differently, and even if you did make it to the Nevada Supreme Court and they ruled in your favor, the United States Supreme Court likely would rule against you since weed is federally illegal.  Buy some synthetic piss off the internet, it works. I'd just use [synthetic urine](http://www.testnegative.com/track.ashx?KStEVwmAKUKnDfL2dfNd4w 2) to pass the drug test. It's not hard, I've done it a few times now.  You have a right to seek employment elsewhere. 