 Hello /r/LegalAdvice, I'm in a situation where I have allowed my brother to parole with me at my house, as he was being released from prison and needed a "last chance". The situation has become unhealthy and dangerous, with him being back on drugs (methamphetamines), violating parole with no consequence, and altogether creating a stressful, unsafe, and unhealthy environment. He has not paid any of the rent that was agreed upon (though there is no lease) and has continued to refuse acknowledging verbally mandated rules of the house. I've even caught on to him manufacturing drugs on the property, which resulted in an outdoor garden canopy catching fire. With the above information in mind, I had finally tried to enforce upon him 30 days to get his act together (pay rent and/or get a job). It seems my mistake was doing this verbally instead of in written notice. This came to a head and prompted an aggressive argument that ended in police being called and them informing me of my need to have him evicted if I want him gone. I have now taken that advice and am trying to navigate the appropriate process for having my brother evicted from the property ( in addition to trying to reach his parole office to discuss this). My main problem arises of not being sure how this situation is best filed, as most documents refer to tenants and rental agreements. This is where I am hoping to get some help. I live in Eugene, Oregon, which is in Lane County. Would anyone be able to suggest the appropriate paperwork to file with the sheriff's office to go about removing him from the property via legal means? Thank you in advance for any advice or insight you may be able to offer. TL;DR - Paroled brother moved in with me and has never paid rent in addition to creating an unsafe environment. What is the appropriate way to go about forcing him to leave the house? I'm working on that option as well, but not hopeful. I have been trying to reach his PO for days without luck of getting in touch.They did a surprise inspection of his room months back, finding knives and empty meth baggies, and only gave him 6 days of community service. It's really disheartening, and when you read the review for the Parole and Probation office here in Eugene, you get the idea that it is a common problem. Thank you for the suggestion though, and I'm hoping that will ultimately allow this to be resolved more easily. In the meantime, I don't want to waste any more time before getting the proper papers filed with the courts if I have to do this the long, drawn out way. If you were to contact his PO and provide this information, which you might even be required to do as the person whose household he was paroled out to, would they arrest him and re-charge him on a parole violation? I do a lot of landlord/tenant law where I'm from but it seems there is an easier way to solve this problem than taking him to court.