 In January 2017, I had two levels of my lumbar spine fused. Pain initially resolved but began to come back as activity increased. Dr. ordered a CT myelogram in early May 2017. On May 23, 2017, I was wrapping a gift and felt/heard a loud and excruciating pop in my lower back. The pain was so severe that it dropped me to the floor and I could not move for some time. I was barely able to walk or change positions for days after this. I moved up my follow up appointment with my doctor to be seen sooner. He reviewed the CT myelogram and told me there was no reason for my continued pain and encouraged me to return to pain management. I explained that the pop and excruciating pain happened after the CT myelogram. He stated that he did not want to expose me to any further imaging since the study I had done a few weeks prior was unremarkable. I was referred to PT who referred me to chiropractic since I wasn't improving with PT and did some some temporary relief with chiropractic care. I continued this until August of 2017. I then had a routine CT scan done and followed up with my doctor in September 2017. At that appointment, the doctor said that he felt extending the fusion down another level would be appropriate. We discussed the more invasive nature of this procedure and that he could likely remove the hardware at the two levels above as they were continuing to fuse nicely. We set the surgery date for mid December 2017 after I explained to the doctor that my spouse and I were looking at purchasing a new home and moving in the next couple of months. In November 2017, I consulted with another doctor as I was getting cold feet about having another surgery. He ordered some additional testing to be done. Afterwards, I called the radiology firm to obtain the imaging interpretation as I was butting against the deadline to cancel my surgery without penalty with the other doctor. The most recent results were not ready yet but they offered to send me the ones from my August imaging. The August imaging showed a bilateral pars fracture of the L5 vertebra going through where the pedicle screws were inserted. There was a note from the radiologist on the report stating that he called the surgeons office to notify them of the fracture and who he spoke with. My original surgeon did not tell me about this fracture and let me set a date several months out to fix it. I canceled the procedure I had scheduled and underwent surgery with the doctor I consulted with in November. His surgical report indicated the removal of gill fragments and the extent of the breaks. He agreed that the break likely occurred on the date I specified in May. I endured months of extreme pain, paid for chiropractic services, and maid services which began after that "pop" in May. We also had to shut down our home-based business after this time. If I would have had proper treatment and been given a brace immediately after the break, it may have healed without surgical intervention however by the time it was discovered, surgery was the only option to fix and stabilize it. I reviewed my risk disclosure and the break I experienced is not a listed risk. I also experienced micro-movement in the levels that were fused indicating it was a failed fusion but failure to fuse is a disclosed risk. I believe my claim would more center around the failure to diagnose and disclose. Even if a lawsuit isn't worthwhile (which I know many aren't) would this be something that should be reported to the medical board?