 I know this sound dumb but please hear my situation. I'm currently an F1 student in Texas. My mom's friend has a son (he is US citizen) and they suggested me fake marriage to this guy to get green card. Of course i don't want this, but i am afraid in the future my parents will force me (i am still financially dependent on them) and they some how have their authority on me. Their main intention is to get me in-state tuition but my american friend told me that i cannot get government aid when I'm married, is this true? If it is, i hopefully can argue back at my parents.  so it means that even when i want to get federal loans for my tuition fees or health insurance, i can't? (because i know my parents kind of wants me to fake marriage to get those 'privileges' for me, however this US citizen dude does not have money to support himself even i'm asking this so i will have the solid facts/laws to argue back at my parents. i mean im not gonna commit it, but like i guess even then if i report that guy for having the intention to fake marriage, i still get myself involved somehow ? You need to stand up to your parents. Reporting yourself for a crime that you are planning to commit so you are stopped by law enforcement is not a good alternative.  'm married While you certainly shouldn't do it, for many reasons; I will not that in-state tuition benefits are not "government aid" that have any sort of immigration consequences. Those typically involve means-tested welfare, like TANF. It also typically has a greater consequence for the US Citizen (and and co-sponsors); since they have to sign an agreement to repay the government if you do recieve that type of welfare (known as the affidaviat of support).  Yeah this is a very bad idea. The investigations that USCIS does are very thorough and you likely wouldn’t have enough evidence of established history with this person to pass their evaluations. If you get caught for fraud you’ll most likely lose your visa.  Don't do it. You are likely to get caught, and mess up his life as well.