 And he’s been living with my grandmother for the past 3 years. She’s been supporting him financially. Is there any way to dispute who gets the power of attorney before her sister comes to sell everything? IANAL; you'll want to look into what probate law is for your state. In some states, the executor has to account to a probate judge for all funds and property of the estate, including any sales, any payments made or funds disbursed. A probate lawyer would be a good place to start. Apparently the will was written in 1997. She is one of three children. One of which is “apparently” the executer but we have not seen the will. And if she is the executer we are fearful that she will sell all the estate for drug money given past behavior.  Did he have a valid will--even an old one--at the time of death? Is your grandmother his child? If he had no will at the time of his death, and was not married, his children are his heirs. A probate court would usually give preference to a child to be administrator of the estate. If there is a valid will, the person named in the will as executor, is the executor, unless they cannot or will not serve. If no alternative executor is named, the probate court will select one. Alternatively, any beneficiary (usually an heir) can petition to be executor. The executor must petition a probate court for formal appointment. If no will is found, or if the current will names someone who can't serve, your grandmother can petition to be the executor. If the sister is named in the will as executor, there are few legal options. You would have to prove that she is incapable of performing the duties of executor A person who holds a POA does not automatically become eecutor. What does the most recent will say as to how the assets are to be disposed and who is the executor/administrator of the estate? A power of attorney ceases to be effective the minute the principal dies. So if the sister is trying to act under an existing power of attorney, that POA is no longer valid and she will not be able to do so.