 Long story short I signed up for the personal trainer and it has been 2 months since I did and I want to get out of this stupid personal trainer mess. I’ve been searching the web and found that you can just cancel the credit card that you have on file so that LA Fitness doesn’t charge you monthly. What most people have been saying is that they’ll just keep calling you nonstop for 3 months and after that they’ll stop and put your LA Fitness account as “revoked-deny”. What I’ve also learned from the web is that the personal trainer contract has no effect on my credit or anything like that and LA Fitnesses does not contact any credit agency so my credit won’t get effected. To be honest I don’t mind doing this if it doesn’t affect my credit because I don’t see my self going to LA Fitness in the future and I also don’t mind getting random calls from random numbers because I never pick up calls from numbers I don’t know. What do you guys think. Is this a good idea?  Yeah, I’ll have to think about it. The people on the internet that are saying that actually used to work at LA Fitness and used to be a manager or a fitness director which is why it’s really hard to believe that it can be false information. So it could be true but I’ll wait and get more help before making a decision. That tells you exactly how to cancel. Is up to you if you trust the internet enough to risk your credit money.  For termination this is what the contract says: Client Alternative Performance -- Voluntary Termination: Client may voluntarily terminate this Agreement at any time by doing the following: (1) giving Pro Results five (5) days’ written notice of cancellation to be sent by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (2) paying a fee equal to 50% of the remaining balance at the time of receipt of such notice, in addition to any and all fees incurred, including, but not limited to, any late fees, return fees, collection fees, etc. And I think this is what the contract says if I don't payment when it's due: Client’s Default: Client shall be deemed in default of this Agreement upon the failure to comply with any of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, including, but not limited to, the obligation to make payment when due. Upon default, Client will not be able to utilize the services provided in this Agreement, including any unused, accrued sessions and LAF shall have all rights and remedies available, including termination of this Agreement, and institution of an action for all applicable damages. If LAF delays or refrains from exercising any rights under this Agreement, LAF does not waive, nor will LAF lose, those rights. If LAF accepts late or partial payments from Client, LAF does not waive the right to receive full and timely payments and other charges due under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude or prevent Client from asserting defenses against LAF based on LAF’s failure to deliver the Services in response to any effort by LAF to collect payments or other sums due under this Agreement.  What does your contract say about how to terminate? Keep in the the internet has a lot of information on it. Not all of it is true.