 Throwaway, mobile, apologies for formatting, etc. I am a tall African American, and the sole lease holder on a 3 bedroom apt in Brooklyn. Last night around 9pm, I explained to my 5'2" Caucasian female roommate that since she was making no progress on repaying the 2500 in back rent she owes, nor on training her ratty little dog from shitting everywhere, tearing apart the garbage, etc, that she had to be out of the house by April 1st. I did this calmly and rationally in an even tone of voice. Then I went to bed. A couple hours later I am woken and pulled naked from my bed. Roommate has called the cops, telling them she feared for her own life and the life of her dog. I was/am terrified and didn't want to get shot so I complied but then when it became clear that I wasn't about to die I asked them to leave and asked why they thought they had a legal right to stay in my home. They explained that she had flagged them down on the road while she waited for other police to reapond, they were not the actual responders, who arrived 15 min after they did. I asked how they got in, they said she let them in. I asked how they knew she actually lived here, because she doesn't really have any proof of that. They said she opened the door. However, I know, and she admitted right there, that she doesn't have keys, had lost them, and never locks her door (she has her own private backdoor in her room and never uses the front door). So they just assumed this tiny white girl was legit and stormed into my sanctuary ripped me from my bed. While I was being accosted, three more cops who were actually the call responders let themselves in thru the front door and came inside. They left very quickly, but not before knocking a bunch of shit over in the kitchen and breaking it. (Not sure if intentional) and leaving the door open, allowing my cat to escape (I later spent 3 hours looking for her) Eventually after my ex roommate had packed her things, everyone left. I was not allowed to stop her from taking whatever she wanted from the apt, including things that belonged to me. I am PTSD'd all to hell. I can't stop shaking, I was useless at work today. The very day that I read about some poor black man getting shot while sleeping, I am ripped from slumber by angry white police. These cops made no effort to identify her or prove that she lived in my house, and just followed her thru an unlocked door. I feel violated AF, and completely unsafe in my home. I took lots of videos, and I got two of their names and badge numbers and filed a formal complaint this afternoon. Do I have any legal recourse here? I feel fucking violated. I am a gentle, law abiding citizen, but I don't like cops for obvious cultural reasons, and I sure as fuck never want them in my home pointing guns at me, and it's disturbing that they can just White Knight their way into any home just because someone cries wolf.  Take her to small claims court for the back rent and value of the stolen items. Get therapy for the trauma. Yes. That's how it works. If someone reports a crime, even if they're lying, police check it out. Regardless of the location. I can report a crime going on in the house next door. I can report a crime against me in a home I'm a guest in, or that I've been asked to move out of but haven't yet like in your roommate's case. If the person accused of a crime is innocent then they either determine that there's no evidence of a crime and make no arrest or they make an arrest and guilt or innocence is determined in court. She still lived there, you hadn't even gone through a legal eviction process. Even if she didn't live there the police will investigate her claims if she says she lives there and a crime is occurring inside. That's what they do. Any person can report anything and they come check it out. They can't know if they're being told the truth without coming and checking it out. Dude I work in criminal law I’m a semester shy of being a lawyer. Read up on criminal procedure and 4th Amendment seizures where it comes to police consent to enter a dwelling. If your roommate lived there at the time she is allowed to let the cops in. However, she is not allowed to make a false police report. It is a terrible thing she has done. It seemed like she used the police to get back at you. You didn’t threaten her, you didn’t prevent her from being in her residence, so there was no reason for her to let in the cops. I don’t know what legal recourse you have. Can you sue her for making false police reports? A false report will go no where. It will be near impossible to prove it. It’s a he said/she said thing  Sucks that this happened to you man. If I were you I'd definitely talk to a lawyer that knows your state/city laws. This sounds shady as all hell, you were threatening her but she has an egress and flagged down cops from outside and you were asleep inside. Not a lawyer but I'm not sure the police are allowed to touch a sleeping person. A friend in MA had an assault on an officer charge thrown out because the cops grabbed him while he was asleep and he freaked out. (He was in his bed police were arresting his brother) check out small claims court for back rent but as you said she cant prove she lived there so could be tough. As far as the cops coming into your home that's kind of a tough one. If it were a dangerous situation the female escaped from you want the police to act. That being said if its how you described they could've used better observation read the situation and went about it differently. Good luck man Get a better lock and go to housing court.  The law in skewed in favor of the tenant. There should be more balance. Tenants should have protection, no doubt, but it is set up in a way that too many people take advantage and abuse the system. I would never be a landlord.  Little late to the party, but reading this post - OP is upset because her roommate flagged down officera on the street, led them to a building, led them in through a backdoor, and attempted to have them arrest the OP. The officers willingly and unquestionably followed a person through a backdoor of a home, found someone sleeping in their bed and yanked them out with, apparently, weapons drawn. If I were an officer, I would have multiple reservations. First - A woman approaches me saying she is being threatened amd her dog is too. I love dogs, but right now, the woman is next to me and safe now. If someone had put a gun the her head, I would not want to take her back there. If she said she called 911, then responders are already on their way. Procedure would be they knock, and if theres no answer, making break in to ensure noone is hurt. Second - This woman leads me to the back of the house. Not the front. Maybe she does explain that she lost her keys but leaves thia door unlocked. That is a red flag to me. I could be getting lured in by some meth head or mad woman, or even a vindictive spouse/girlfriend. I would still use the front door, knocking first. As to the fact that she is a tenant, there's no way to really verify that. Anyone COULD say they live somewhere if they know the backdoor is unlocked or whatever. Obviously in the long run that would not work out, but I see where OP is coming from with that. Third - I am in the residence and its quiet. This strange young lady now leads me to a dark bedroom where a person is sleeping. She points and says, "That is the person threatening me! Arrest them!" Now I am really confused, the suspect is calmly sleeping in seemingly their own bed. So I suspose I will wake them up, by stating something like "NYPD, I am turning on the lights, please do not make any sudden movements. NYPD, I have turned on the lights, please slowly get out of the bed with your hands visible." And resolve the issue from there. OPs issue is how the PD seemingly handled the entire situation. There is a case against the ex roommate but there's an issue with the Department as well. Obviously as stated, they can't really do much legally against them, but they could file a report with the department, if anything. But since they will probably need a lawyer for the ex roommate, it wouldn't hurt to discuss the issue with that lawyer as well, even if it is to form a proper letter to send to whoever should receive it that can investigate the issue.  Folks are defending her because she’s a tiny white girl, like you said. Sorry you were out through that, OP. Truly scary behavior on her part but not surprising. Oddly enough, my (Black) neighbor went through a situation where a former roommate, also a white girl, tried to frame her and claim she was a “danger” to her—cried wolf— even tho my neighbor was perfectly civil and had asked this girl to leave because she had just been fed up with bullshit similar to what you had described. There seems to be an entitled type (I’m not saying ALL white girls but you KNOW there’s a type) who engages in manipulative, criminal behavior like this but doesn’t face any repercussions because... well, you know why. The cops see them as their daughters, sisters, girlfriends, wives and they see you as the big, bad wolf.  Guests inside a home/apartment can give consent for the police to enter (and search) a house to the extent they have control over the premises. The police also can legally enter into a property if they have a reasonable belief there is a life-threatening emergency, which it sounds like they had. You may have a cause of action against your (ex) roommate, however you would have a high threshold to meet in order to prevail. Even if you are confident you can meet this threshold, your roommate already owes you $2500, and I would advise fully collecting on this before going attempting to sue her for damages to your property caused by the police (you can consider filing immidiately prior to the statute of limitations, however if you have not made substantial progress on collecting what you are already owed, or have reason to believe you will make substantial progress in the near future, there is a chance filing would not be a good use of resources).  Okay? What does that matter at this point? Arguably, he was put in a dangerous situation. When you call the cops, you are bringing strangers with guns into the situation. Realistically, police do have broad leeway to interpret a situation, and OP could have been injured or killed.  She made a false police report, so you should make a police report of her false police report. If you can get someone to take you seriously, that is a misdemeanor. Even if they don't charge her, in case she tries to pull some other nonsense, you have started a paper trail. You can take her to small claims court to sue for the back $2,500. You would need some kind of proof that she had been living there, what the rent is, and that she had agreed to pay it. Texts should do. Make sure to lock the relevant texts so that they don't get deleted, take screenshots, and have printouts and copies of all relevant paperwork them when you go to court. Whether or not you could win a lawsuit against her for the false police report, what you would be able to claim, and whether she would be able to pay it, are questions best asked a lawyer, which I am not. Now on order to sue her at all, you would need to know her current address so that she can be served. Also, obviously this would give her a motive to make another false report seeing as the damsel in distress act worked already. It is awful that she looks like the vulnerable one, whereas you are no less vulnerable by virtue of your race. You are right that this was a very dangerous situation for you, and that this does opens up a big civil rights dilemma. I'm glad you came out if it in one piece.  Back rent you can take her to small claims court for but those rarely work out because you don’t automatically receive the money when you win a judgement. YOU have to then take additional steps and legal filings to try and get the money if they just don’t pay, so collecting your judgment can be difficult and require you to spend more money in the courts and on filings, and possibly with collection agencies. For $2500, it’s looking like you’re gonna come out under if you take her to court, plus waste a lot of time, and all with the uncertainty that you’ll ever collect. Also debtor protection laws prevent you from taking her last dime. Sometimes you just have to eat it. NYC is very pro-tenant. I had to evict someone through the courts and had to eat a little over a months rent. It would’ve been two months had she not sent one month after I served her to try and restart her rental period. I didn’t even bother taking her to small claims court. It wouldn’t have been worth it. If your roommate refuses to leave, I can walk you through the forms you need to give her, but first and foremost if you want her out, serve her a written 30 day notice NOW! Even if she verbally says she’ll leave by then, still serve her with a written notice to have it on file. Email her a copy and physically hand her one to cover your bases. I can provide a sample form if you want.  Yeah, I have first hand experience with how pro tenant NYC laws are. I had the very unfortunate experience of having to do this to a tenant from hell when I first graduated college and got my first apartment in NYC. I was the only one on the lease and was subletting to her on a month to month verbal agreement. If the tenant doesn’t leave after you give them the official written 30 days notice, then you have to have THEN have them served with a notice of termination by someone other than yourself. You then have to have it notarized with an affidavit of service with whoever served it to them. In my case, I had my best friend do it and we notarized it at TD bank. This also has to be done within a specific time frame. There are also certain hours of the day that you can’t have them served, usually sleeping hours. You have to choose a termination date that is the day before they were supposed to pay rent, because that’s the last day of the rental period. So, If your she paid rent on the 1st of the month, then the termination date must be on the day before that, and the time until the termination date has to equal the same number of days that the rental period was for. If any of these numbers are off, then the judge will toss your case and you have to start over. I made sure to follow every step, otherwise one wrong step, no matter how little, would make the eviction illegal and you have to start over while she got to stay rent free! I wanted, no NEEDED, her out ASAP. She refused to leave, citing her tenant rights, so I hired an eviction lawyer. Best grand I ever spent. Ex roommate sent me rent payments through her bank app where I had to accept or reject the money before receiving it. If the money wasn’t accepted in like 120 days or something, then the money is automatically returned. Time was of the essence here. She had sent the rent after I gave her notice, thinking that I would accept it because she knew the tenant laws, and that accepting it would restart her tenancy period. What she didn’t know was that I had a lawyer by then and the first thing my lawyer advised was to not accept her money, but also don’t decline it. Accepting it says that you are agreeing to a new 30 day rental period. My lawyer got a hearing before the judge very quickly, like two weeks after filing (he filed). I didn’t have to go to court myself, as my lawyer went for me. I remember having to wait by the phone all morning for my lawyer to text me when the judge passed his judgement. Once he did, my lawyer called and said “YOU CAN GRAB YOUR MONEY NOW”. I was terrified of it not being truly official and that I would have to go through this from the beginning that I kept asking, “are you sure? Do i need it in writing”? Lol. Luckily for me, she hadn’t pulled the money back cause she was banking on using the sent payment as a defense that she was being evicted without cause. I accepted the money, and at least got my rent for one month, but had to eat one month as the judge gave her 45 days to leave or else I could then have a sheriff physically evict her (they don’t usually order them out immediately. They give them on average 30-60 days rent free to vacate and find housing elsewhere). My roommate wasn’t a dumb lady. Having this judgement giving her the time to leave wouldn’t go on any public record, but she knew that once she was physically evicted, then it would go on her credit report as an eviction for 7 years and also on every tenant screening service! It would then be near IMPOSSIBLE to ever find someone to rent to her after that. She didn’t wanna take that chance so she was gone in about 35 - 37 days. The day she moved out was one of the happiest days of my life. I felt a physical weight and stress lifted. And then she stole my new cat, taking her with her when I was at work. Had she not been trying to abuse pro tenant NYC laws and going on about how I couldn’t evict her and pulled up the NYC website on tenant laws, then I would not have been successful in following everything to the T. She was determined to squat and bragged about how she could get away with it. Once I served the notice or termination and started a holdover case, she knew I was serious to the point where she lost it. She barged over to my room crying and screaming while ripping up the notice she was served and throwing them at me. I just remained calm and said nothing. But having to continue to live with her until she left was very miserable. After her, when I still needed a roommate to cover the other half of rent, I would rent out for no more than 30 days. If someone I rented to wanted a longer stay, then they would have to leave for a few days (there are plenty of bed breakfast’s and per day craigslist housing ads) before coming back for a new rental agreement, just like in a hotel. It wasn’t until this experience that I learned that hotels MAKE you check out and physically leave before you’re there for 30 days because of this rule! If they allow 30+ day reservations, then they would also be vulnerable to NYC tenant laws. They’re not exempt. I also tell them not to have mail sent to my place. Send it to the post office and pick up from there. No one was going establish tenancy and have the chance to take me through that again.  You're missing the point or you just don't want to hear it. You don't have to pre-verify your residence to the police in an emergency situation. She's a tenant, her stuff is there, it's her residence. Maybe she made up the emergency, but the cops didn't know that. To them, someone put a gun to her head or whatever, this is her house, she needs help. If she did it just to fuck with you, that is an entirely separate issue. I was raised to never, ever trust a cop. I am neither black nor American, but I live there. I didn't take my id with me when I finally escaped my abusive ex and called the cops outside. It wasn't really the first thing on my mind. Your anger is understandable, completely and totally, but I do think you're directing it at the wrong person. This was your roommates place of residence and you're asking about a what/if situation. It sounds like she still had possessions in the apt and that she collected them and moved out. It’s shitty that she owed you rent but she is technically still a tenant for as long as she is on the lease or there by your agreement. It sucks that she called the police and they broke things. You can sue your roommate for rent which she might pay. You can make a complaint against the officers for breaking stuff. You can rant to your friends and call her out for being a deadbeat on Facebook but that’s about it. I’m sorry this happened to you.  What quantifiable damages do you have from the "slander" and "trauma?" Pretty much in some places. Hence why swatting is a thing. Well I wasn't going to kill her or her dog, so yes. She cried wolf. That's exactly what she did Were you actually charged with anything? What about slander and trauma and back rent? They didn't know that tho. And she never had to prove that she did Ok, but how do i prove that I had no intention of murdering her or her dog? My 36 years of nonviolence and lack of arrests? I did not know that! Landlord tenant law in NYC is tricky if you do not know it. Unfortunately a lot of tenants do and they abuse it.  I probably should go back and edit to add that after OP has her served, he CANNOT under any circumstances accept any amount of payment from her for rent if he truly wants her gone regardless if she pays or not. Doing so will restart her tenancy and he’ll have to give her another 30 days notice before beginning eviction proceedings again after the 30 days have passed!  You don't know what she did. You're not going to get around the fact that she does live there. How she proved it is moot. Police do ask questions on scene. Like: Who is this guy? Why are you here? What exactly happened? When she says things like, "He's my landlord" and "I live in the back room." "He threatened me because (insert bullshit here)."  Came here to explain the 30 day rule but you beat me to it. Well said.  He can’t sue for trespassing though. She’s still a legal tenant there until she voluntarily leaves or a judge rules for eviction by a Sheriff. He can’t even sue for swatting because according to him, she reported that she felt unsafe, not that he threatened or assaulted her necessarily. They can’t prove that she genuinely didn’t fear for her safety unless she told a blatant lie about what the OP did or said.  You cannot kick someone out once they have been living with you for more than 30 days. It is illegal to force tenants to leave their apartments or surrender their rights without them having their day in court You can't evict her on your own, regardless of their reasoning, and if you damaged any of her stuff in trying to evict her, then you are liable for three times the value or more. In New York City specifically, tenants have many rights and laws protect tenants from harassment, unlawful evictions, and discrimination. You have to begin eviction proceedings, and you are first required to have cause--whether it's nonpayment of rent, a violation of the terms of your lease, or the ending of a fixed-term or month-to-month lease--AND provide written notice. If a tenant doesn't comply by moving out or remedying the issue, you can then take them to court. You have to have someone other than yourself serve them the papers, and during certain waking hours of a day. Only once you have won an eviction case can the tenant be legally removed from the apartment, and only a sheriff can be the one to do so. Your roommate had every right to enter the apartment because she is a tenant there by law. And if someone else inside the home tries to prevent a tenant who has established tenants rights from entering, then the tenant is right to call the police. I have never had the cops ask for proof that I lived at my apartment when I called them in the past for roommate issues. If someone is letting them into the apartment, then there is a co census that they live there, and it doesn’t sound like you told them that she was a stranger. But if she doesn’t leave voluntarily, then you have to start legal eviction proceedings.  That's not what happened, though. She's a legal tenant.  what everyone tries to tell you: | 1. Dont sue the cops, it is useless. They did nothing wrong with coming in. 2. Sue her, for the rent money, for tresspassing and even swatting. I'm sorry this happened to you, however, with that being said, you do understand that regardless that your roommate did not have a key, she was a tenant. She held a room in your apartment, and even though she owed you rent, you should have gone through legal means to evict her from the apartment. She had her stuff in the apartment, that's proof that she lived there. If she had mail sent to the apartment, that's also proof that she lived there and was a tenant. Normally you have to give written notice that you are terminating or ending a month to month lease agreement, verbal usually won't fly in a court. You are going to be hard pressed to get anything from the NYPD, however you have the option of suing your roommate in small claims court for the back rent owed, and the value of the items that she took from the apartment that were not hers. Whether or not you can get her to pay after winning a small claims suit is another issue that you need to be aware of. With your next roommate you might wish to sign a lease or have a lease, and you may wish to have a lawyer review or write the lease prior to signing it with a tenant. I'm not OP, just asking If your roommate filed a false report you can go file a report about that. I don't know what happened or what she told the police so I'm not sure she did. So the roommate committed the crime of calling the police out for nothing?  She's an actual tenant though. She lives there and has rights. You'd be making a false report in that case. If you plan to evict her you should look into doing everything legally because she can make it very difficult, and it sounds like she probably will  You can sue the person. You can’t reliably sue the police. It’s a shit ton of legal non legal gray area but generally police can intervene if they have legitimate reason to. Such as in this situation, they had a reason at first. This came from lawsuits because police would be like “meh he doesn’t need help” and then he’d get murdered or something. It’s why they have so much leeway  You would be committing a crime if you did that.  And the trauma. I can't explain how horrifying this was. And I've seen some shit. Why don't they? So I can just call the police on any random person/ apt and say theres an intruder and they just get swatted? How is this legal? Anyone can just say "there's a criminal in there" and the cops can just bust in?? Yeah that seems Bullshit and should be illegal. I would talk to a lawyer and do a civil suit for that $2500 plus the items stolen from your POS roommate. Anyway you can evict her yesterday?  Okay, but think of this is a practical sense. You call the police and say someone in my apartment attacked me, or someone broke in. They don't ask you for proof of address and then refuse to help you because you didn't bring an ID outside with you.  She was not able to prove that she lived there before they entered. Cops didn't care, they just wanted to save the damsel. The back rent you’ll have to talk about with the former roommate. And if she says you’re threatening her that almost automatically makes it legal for them to come in.  So I can just run up to a cop, tell them I live in any random apt, and as long as the door is open they will help me break in?  I don't care about the jars they broke. I care about them entering my home without legal cause. I also wouldn't mind the $2500 in back rent Police were allowed into the apartment by a tenant, and even if they hadn't been, they have broad latitude to respond to reported threats based on exigent circumstances. The odds of anything coming of you pursuing a case against the police are vanishingly low. That said, you may have recourse against your roommate if she made false statements to police. It might be worth consulting with a lawyer to find out what your options are. But she does live there. If you have any complaint it is against your roommate.  They may have to pay for anything broken but I don’t think you’ll have anything to sue them for. They have a lot of leeway and the NYPD aren’t exactly known for being good with normal civilians. Send them a formal letter to pay but that may be as far as you can get. If they think you’re in danger they have the right to essentially break in/ force their way in. 