 I’m curious about this. I have a job through my school doing discharge surveys by phone for a local mental health center. Due to HIPPA I have to make 100% sure I’m speaking to the client before I can disclose who I am. A good portion of my calls go: “Hi may I speak with client please” “May I ask whose calling” “Is this client ?” (More agitated) “May I ask who is calling” “Before I can proceed I need to know if this is client” click I’ll get some people who will confirm its them after the second time but mostly they get annoyed and hang up. I’m not risking this jobs benefits over a hippa violation. Was just curious, is there any circumstance where someone confirming who they are over the phone could potentially affect them legally ? It’s the only other reason I could think they’re being that difficult other than they think I’m a telemarketer.  Thank you. I have begun using a phrase similar to what you suggested to some success, majority of time I get hung up on. But the clarification on debt collector or process server explains everything.  I really don't think legitimate process servers actually call people beforehand. They tend to just show up. Not that people don't think that's what is about to happen...just that virtually anyone who's ever received a call from a process server was on the butt end of a scam.  They think you're a telemarketer, they don't want to waste the other person's time, they're trying to hide from someone, they just hate random unidentified callers. If they're trying to hide from someone, like a debt collector or process server, refusing to admit their identity can slow down the process of locating them or force the other person to use a different method of contact - for example, by refusing phone calls they force a company to contact them in writing. Most of the time, though, I doubt it has anything to do with a legal issue - it's because they're sick of telemarketers, scams, general cold-calling, and... well, surveys. You should talk to your boss and see if there's a different way to phrase your initial conversation. Something like "Due to privacy laws I can only disclose my identity once I have confirmed that I am speaking to [client]" is more clear about why your hands are tied. You can't be the first employee to encounter this issue. First of all no need to be snarky, I’m genuinely curious. I was assuming perhaps it would be a situation like serving someone, if they confirmed they were who they were then they’d be “caught”. I make around 100 plus calls a shift, I get it a lot and noticed a trend.  People just don't like divulging their details to strangers who may be looking to scam them or inform them of debts they are hoping to avoid. If you call me, I actually answer, and don't tell me who you are the first time I ask, I'm going to hang up on you.  First of all, it's HIPAA. Moving on, there is no legal protection from refusing to identify yourself on the phone. Some people are paranoid, others cantankerous.