 I'll try to keep this short. I'm a transman. I put in medical leave for my SRS (top) surgery two months in advance. Signed off by my bosses and also routed through HR. HR had me come in and go over what the doctors note for restrictions would probably look like and verified I'd provide an official note upon return, and also had the locker room/bathroom talk. All of that happened as planned. Three days after my return to work, I was given a new "project" lifting items that are 20+ pounds constantly all day every day. My after surgery restrictions were nothing over 10 lbs for about 2.5 mos. A note with restrictions I turned in prior to my return to work from said surgery. My boss knows my restrictions do not allow that, and he also knows how muxh advance I gave. He's still pissed and is now telling me i will be fired for insubordination and he will shut my entire department down. I know I am in a at will state, but he has always been fine with my work before the surgery. I actually didn't expressly "come out" beforehand and he was insisting coworkers use womens pronouns when I was not around to coworkers i had specifically asked to use male pronouns referencing me. I also had a separate weight restriction at another point and it wasn't an issue for my boss. He won't look at me at all anymore since my surgery and actually completely ignores me while greeting everyone else. It is also not something that I have only noticed. Since I've returned from my surgery four separate co workers have approached me independently to ask why our boss is avoiding me or so upset with me. Can I do anything? I am already putting in for other jobs but this really feels like being muscled out of a job.  Everything he has done is a violation of employment law. Granted he can fire you for pretty much any reason so long as he doesn't say the reason (He was a bad worker, blah blah) So you can get unemployment/sue him. If you can prove that he's purposely dicking you around after you did all the right things. Try contacting your local ACLU chapter.  Google for local organization that help LGBTQI individuals. Also, go on AVVO.com and look for local Employment Law lawyers who can give you a free consultation. Talk to 2-3 of them. IANAL but I wonder if this could be considered disability discrimination (due to the surgery) Also, go to EEOC’s website and you can also call them for free. However, they may be closed Indefinitely due to the government shutdown. Start to document his behavior. Factually. Note date and time. All the past and present stuff. On or about Jan 1, about 10am, boss asked me to lift 20lbs. I reminded him that my doctor submitted a note stating that I couldn’t. He still insisted. Note witnesses. Include what happened with HR. If you can get this by email too, that would be helpful. Ie HR, per our conversation, I understand that HR isn’t able to support the accommodation my doctor requested. Please note that the HR woman has the right to tell your boss you complained about his behavior, so he could escalate. Please note the date things were said. Good luck.  Talk to an employment attorney - there may be legal recourse for you, depending on the exact facts of the case. it's gonna be a boss fight.. I've been recording everything, but I have already talked to HR. Since my boss is a part owner I got the deer in headlights look with a shrug, essentially.  I tried, she kinda got the deer in headlights look and gave me the "he's just like that" answer. He's a part owner so I feel pretty screwed.  Start documenting everything. Write down every interaction you’ve had with him where he has intentionally misgendered you, if he told others to, where he refused to speak to you etc. Then take that to HR. You may also want to consult an employment attorney just to see what their input is.   None of what you said is legal advice, especially this part. I did. The company has a single HR rep who also does payroll. When I brought asked for a meeting about it she got that look on her face that told me she feels bad while her mouth told me theres nothing she can do. My boss is a 25% owner  Some people are assholes and dont respect others people choices even if they are in some ways ridiculous  How so? Let HR know what is going on. If you didnt need the surgery thats prob why 