 I have been working for a small (5 people total in the company) dog walking and pet care business for almost 5 years and my boss, who is also the owner, has been consistently doing things that I believe violate labor laws and could end up getting him big time sued/fined, which would pretty much wreck the business and put everyone out of a job. Because all the people involved are my friends I would like to bring up my concerns so the boss has a chance to fix things. Unfortunately, he doesn't have a history of being receptive/responsive to employee concerns and I'd really like to be 100% sure about what is and is not legal before I talk to him, which is the main reason behind posting here. So! With that intro out of the way, here are the issues: 1) Mileage reimbursement: I drive my own car for work around 40 miles a day picking up and dropping off dogs and don't get any mileage reimbursement. 2) The way we're paid: I get paid a fixed amount every month that has nothing to do with how many hours I work (which we don't even track) and my position is definitely not exempt. Besides walking dogs, I often take care of cats and spend the night at client's houses with their dog while they're out of town. As far as I'm aware none of this work is reported to the IRS as I am paid via venmo or cashapp, separate from my regular check which has all the regular deductions for social security, taxes, and all that. Counting this probably under the table work there have been months when I had no days off and was not paid overtime (one year I had 8 days off in 8 months). In theory, the way we're paid is we get 60% of what the clients are paying, but clients all pay different rates depending on how often they get services, the animal's temperament, how long they've been with us et cetera, and I have no idea what the total prices are. 3) Unpaid internship (I think I already know what I need to on this one, but again, I walk dogs for a living, so I'm not super confident in my legal skills): We recently had an "intern" for 4 months who was a high school student. She has since graduated and is doing WWOOFing in New Zeland so I can't really get in touch with her to confirm the details of what she did and did not get paid for, but the two other employees who I work with regularly said she did not get paid at all. She isn't in or planning on going to college so she didn't get any sort of credit for her work, and she did basically exactly the same training and work any new employee would do. Basically, I'm wondering are these things that I think are violations of the labor code actually violations, and if anyone has advice on how to address and fix everything I'd really appreciate it (though it's definitely not expected). Thanks in advance! Yeah that's what I thought... ugh what a pain in the ass my week is about to be.  All that's illegal