 We recently went to a new call off policy at work, which is fine because honestly people took advantage of the old one way too much and called off an extreme amount. My problem with the new one is that I feel it's unfair to everyone there. Under the new policy, if you have kids, you can call off whenever the weather is extreme enough to where school is canceled. If you're pregnant you can also call off as much as you want without any consequences. It's already getting taken advantage of. We have couples that work there that BOTH call off every time it snows or even is just cold when only one needs to stay home and watch the kids. The other could work if they choose. Also a pregnant associate post on Facebook every time she calls off with pictures of her going places out of town and to restaurants so she isn't sick. She's just is lazy and doesn't want to work. I know there are laws against discriminating against certain classes of people and I feel like this policy hurts anyone that's child free by choice and caters to parents. That's illegal as far as I understand to not hold everyone to the same policy because having children is a personal choice. When the weather is bad I should be able to call off as well if I feel unsafe but I'm made to feel like my life and safety doesn't matter as much as theirs. They already get special treatment by getting the better schedules and never having to stay over because of their kids. Enough is enough. I want to know if legally this is allowed and what I can do about it? It would be nice to have some rights and get things at work based on work ethnic, as it should be. Not if I have a family or not. You too can be a test case if you think you are right and are willing to pay... Best advice I ever got for free from a lawyer. You should speak with a civil rights lawyer. They will take your 10's of thousands of dollars (probably 100's of thousands of dollars) and take this issue to the supreme court. You are free to share that cost among friends and other child-free people who feel discriminated against. That is your legal recourse. As it stands now, being child-free isn't a protected class.  I just want everyone to be treated the same. Those with kids and those without. A policy needs to be fair to everyone. Well what would make something a protected class? It has to start somewhere. I'm sure there are a lot of people who would agree with me.  What you think should be the law and what the law actually is, are very different things. In this case, you might think that being child-free should be a protected class, but legally, it is not.  That's what I was wondering. I think it should be a protected class because everytime I work anywhere I'm treated differently because of it.  You haven't posted your location, so I can't be certain here. But there is such a thing as legal discrimination. Having different policies for child-free people is perfectly legal, in most jurisdictions. (and, as a CF person, I don't necessarily agree with this, but that's the law)  There would not appear to be anything unlawful about this policy as you have described it. Not having children is not a protected class. You're not entitled to equal treatment with your peers. 