 I'm a college student volunteer at an Aphasia Center in Baltimore, and I'm specifically working one on one with a member named Chris. He loves Babe Ruth, and his main goal I am trying to help him with is to turn a baseball field where Babe Ruth first played as a child into a national park. When Babe Ruth played here, it was owned by St. Mary's Industrial School for Boys. Presently, it is owned by the hospital nearby, St. Agnes. There is a small plaque on the field, but Chris wants more than that: he wants there to be a brown sign on the highway (indicating a national park) so that people who pass by will know that they are passing a legendary place. However, the logistics of this task are very hard for me to figure out. Here is what has happened so far: \- He presented to the Babe Ruth Birthplace and Museum here in Baltimore and they essentially denied his request for help, saying that because it is privately owned they can't do anything. \- I've helped him reach out to congress members and even the president through emails and letters, but we have yet to hear a reply from any of them. \- We contacted Park Planning and Special Studies Division in Washington, D.C., and the recommended we look to make it into a National Historical Landmark instead and sent us some links. \- We recently got into contact with someone who works in Finances of St. Agnes, the hospital that owns the field, and they seemed very willing to help us. However, they are expecting to hear from us what we would like their help doing, and I have no idea how exactly he can help us. \- We've reached out to the Cal Ripken foundation, the group that helped renovate the field, but have yet to hear a response. \- I've looked at the NPS website, but we're still a bit lost as to what we need to do next. Chris won't take no for an answer, and despite being told no several times he's still pushing to get more recognition for this field. So as long as he pushes, I'll keep on being there to help him. Any advice or any more useful subreddits you can direct me to would be greatly appreciated. I made a post recently on [r/Advice]() and I appreciated the few responses I got there, but i was told to post here and would appreciate an other advice given. Lastly, he has made a blog to try and explain more what he wants, and WJZ news also ran a short piece on him awhile ago . If anyone wants those links, I'll gladly share it with you if you pm me since I can't put the links on here. 