 Hi everyone, I’m currently in Massachusetts. I’m living in a 2 family home. My landlord lives in one unit, me and my 2 roommates live in the other. My landlord won’t install a smoke detector on the third floor, even though I’ve asked him numerous times. There are 2 bedrooms on the third floor. The electrical system in the home is old. Many outlets aren’t properly grounded. One plug in my room sparked while I plugged something in, and the spark charred and melted a bit of the plastic outlet cover. There’s also a leak under the sink, and there’s a bucket under the sink in order to catch water. We empty the bucket about thrice a week. I just found out about the leak. One of my roommates says it’s been like that since we moved, in and he’s been the only one emptying the bucket. Can I put my rent money in “escrow” until he fixes the big issues I’ve mentioned above? Meaning can I withhold rent until he takes care of the issues? There’s also smaller issues like my window not having a screen. Which is not a big deal now, but will be once summer comes. Also a light fixture in my room isn’t working properly. Thanks for any help.  [removed] This is not true in Mass. From Doubleday Law's post titled ["Can I Withhold My Rent in Massachusetts? Yes If you give your landlord written notice of needed repairs"](http://doubledaylaw.com/can-i-withhold-my-rent-in-massachusetts-yes-if-you-give-your-landlord-written-notice-of-needed-repairs/): Withholding Rent Notice Requirements : . The tenants informed the landlord in writing of the requested repair; . The tenants informed the landlord of the intent to withhold rent; and . Send your landlord a list of all repairs that need to be done. My husband I have rental property. I know in my state, I have to have smoke detected on every floor where there are bedrooms. Contact your local code enforcement too Call code enforcement for your area and schedule an inspection. Call your local fire marshal and ask about the lack of fire alarm(s) and the potential electrical fire hazard. Document everything. Write down dates, times and all details, take photos and videos of the problems. Send a written request for repairs via certified letter. Talk to tenant's rights organizations in your area. Here's some info from [MassLegalHelp](): If the Landlord Refuses to Make Repairs : Withhold Rent. You can withhold the rent or part of it until the landlord makes the repairs you requested. They may try to evict you. To protect yourself from eviction: Put the rent money you withhold in a bank account. Keep it separate from your other accounts so you have this money if your landlord takes you to court. Write your landlord a letter, list the repairs needed, and say you will withhold rent until the problems are fixed. Keep a copy of your letter in a safe place! Repair and Deduct. Get the repairs made and deduct the cost from your rent. This can be complicated and you must follow the law. Join together with tenants. If other tenants need repairs, work together on solutions. Break your lease. If your landlord refuses to fix serious problems, you may be able to break your lease. Get a housing inspection before you move out. This will protect you if the landlord sues you for breaking your lease. Take your landlord to court. If you prove the landlord broke the law, a judge may order her to make repairs or pay you money for bad conditions, or may order a temporary landlord called a “receiver.” And for the second time today, I'll recommend that you and your roommates get renter's insurance immediately if any of you don't have it. Some companies allow you to share policies with roommates but my advice is to have three separate policies. (One reason is you all have to share any compensation and if your coverage limit is too low, someone may not get enough money to replace their belongings. Another reason is that any claims made against one policy holder (being sued for a dog bite, etc.) affect all policyholders and raise everyone's rates. All this depends on your lease. Your lease will dictate who is responsible for what, and some states might also have laws dictating what landlords and tenants are responsible for. Do not stop making rent payments. You must continue to pay rent so long as you live there. Failure to pay rent could get you evicted without recourse. If the landlord is violating the terms of the lease, and you have documentation of your asking that they fix what they are legally required to fix, then you may move out, and stop paying rent. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.