 So I work for a medium to large sized hospital in an administration capacity. Last month, 75% of my team was let go due to a restructuring. My team had 3 levels in positions and the levels above and below me were eliminated. Now their work is falling to me and who ever is left. I’m thinking management is trying to make us leave on our own accord by overburdening us with an impossible task-load. Or have us fired for not being able to handle it. I know in the hospital, it is really hard to get somebody fired unless they had a gross record of misconduct. Do I have any protections from them firing me without severance? Or does anyone know any HR functions that would help me out. I am thinking of going to HR next month to have them re-evaluate my job description because my workload and responsibilities are that of 3 positions.  That last part is reassuring. I am thinking I really just drew the short straw here. I know half of the people left are planning to leave and I don’t see them hiring to replace them. It wasn’t really about being bad at the job. It’s just the capacity of work that an individual is able to produce.  Large layoffs are subject to WARN Act requirements. Small ones are not. I’m not sure what your question is here though. Its not illegal to lay off a large amount of staff, push the work onto a small group, and hope that the small group fails and quits or is fired. Being bad at your job isn’t a basis to deny unemployment so long as you are making your best efforts. Yea I’m thinking that’s probably it. Humor me if you can though. In all the red tape of being in a large hospital, there was a long lengthy legal process to lay off people so they can collect unemployment. If a company wanted to lay-off an entire group of people, then don’t they just have to lay off enough to cripple the rest from performing?  Absent a union agreement or some sort of contact stating you can only be fired for cause (which are super rare), you are an at will employee. At will means you can be fired or disciplined for any reason (including a bad or inaccurate one) or no reason at all so long as the reason isn’t membership in a protected class or engaging in some protected activities. The federally protected classes are race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, pregnancy, and age (which is 40+). Some states add other categories (such as sexual orientation). The federally protected activities are some protected collective bargaining activities, filing wage claims, filing EEOC claims, filing sexual harassment reports, filing reports with OSHA, and use of protected leave such as FMLA. Again, some states add extra protections (such as protections for use of sick leave which doesn’t qualify for FMLA). Being overworked isn’t a protected class. They don’t have to offer a severance, they don’t have to do anything. They can absolutely fire you right now.