 I have the optional insurance for all my devices from Verizon. Unfortunately back in October my vehicle was broken into and my iPad was stolen. I sent a claim into Asurion, paid my deductible and rec’d my replacement. All was good. A week later I rec’d another email from Asurion telling me my replacement phone was being shipped 2-day shipping and included an address in another town 300miles away. I never filed this claim at all so I replied to the email and said that this was not a claim of mine nor was it my address. My email was returned due to the email being a “do not reply” so I called Asurion and spoke with an agent who looked at the tracking number and told me it was ok she would flag the shipment and send it to their fraud department. About a week later I received a mail letter from Telecheck confirming that an EBT had been approved (I never gave anyone my bank information on my legit claim I used my CC) I called Asurion again and said I had not approved or given anyone my bank acct and that this was a fraudulent claim. The worker again tracked the shipping information and it was refused by the addressee (turns out was a hotel and I wasn’t a guest there ever) and the device was shipped back to Asurion. The gal assured me she flagged the claim and sent it to the fraud team. Now on Dec 31st I just Rec’d a physical letter from TRS Recovery (telecheck company) that they were going to send me to collections for an unpaid deductible plus return check fee (199+25). I have called Asurion AGAIN, and they assured me that the device was returned and also noted on the account that it was a fraudulent claim, but they told me they can’t stop telecheck from sending me to collections, that they could not speak on my behalf to them and that I needed to deal with the collection company. I have not been able to get a live person at telecheck or TRA recovery, but the prompts referred to their website in which I could dispute the charge, I filled out the form but did not include any financial information that they requested. I never made this claim, have the documents showing it never shipped to me or my address, I have never given my bank information to anyone (Asurion, Verizon, telecheck etc) but I’m afraid this collection notice could affect my good credit. I’m not sure what to do here to get this to stop and be cleared off my name. I have been reading a lot of articles and claims that this Asurion insurance is constantly plagued with fraudulent activity and people experienced similar things happening, does anyone have advice on how to clear up this mess? 