 I work for a huge chain retail company. I was under the impression I got a break every two hours (including the unpaid lunch) but that apparently "depends on the manager. (HR head)" I talked to the HR head at our store and he said I can get a letter from my doctor with accommodations and he'll pass the information along. The accommodations I'm requesting (that my doctor approved) are: the option for a 15 minute break every two hours including the optional unpaid lunch Being able to refill my water bottle as needed and having it with me while working. Most managers are already okay with me refilling the bottle when it's slow and drinking between customers, but one is a little annoyed by it so I thought it would be a good idea to make it official. Is this something an employer would consider unreasonable/can I be fired for it being too much of a pain? The person I talked to seemed okay with it, but I've never had to do this before, as all my past jobs just had those as a default.  It's very helpful I came here for legal advice, not career advice, and this is deeply unhelpful.  Retail does not seem to be a good fit for you So would they just talk to me and suggest an alternative if they find it not to be reasonable, like sitting somewhere quiet for five minutes or so? For reference, that is just one extra break for the majority of my shifts (for most managers) and it's what the HR head suggested, but I'm open to a shorter break. The main reason is that I get sensory overload quite easily due to PTSD and anxiety, and I'm in cashiering/customer service so that affects my job performance. My therapist is writing that she thinks it will improve job performance. The accommodations have to be reasonable...a 15 minutes break every two hours may not be reasonable.  I will be submitting to HR myself, but I have so many managers/supervisors I don't really know how to submit it to them myself. Should I just keep a copy of the paper the HR manager said he'd give me just in case? It will be from my therapist (mental health) on the health clinic I attend's letterhead. I'm confident I could also get one from the nurse practitioner who prescribes my medication if you think having something from two professionals would be helpful? The HR manager said I don't have to disclose what the disabilities are. Is that accurate? I would rather not, but will if I have to.  Firing you for requesting an accommodation for a disability in writing would be a phenomenally stupid move, as you would immediately take that termination to an attorney and you'd likely end up taking them to the cleaners. However, you should submit your request to your manager and to HR yourself if you don't trust your manager to pass the request along honestly: HR's interest in keeping the company out of lawsuits will help discourage your manager from taking any stupid actions. Even if your specific accommodations can't be met, your company will very likely respond with alternatives if they have any sense. Even a flat refusal would be legally risky for them. Your biggest risk is if your employer believes these accommodations are not related to a disability.