 Hi all, I'm twenty years old from Michigan. Since turning 18 I've had a few more run ins with the law then I would like. With that said I understand everything is done because of my actions but none the less... I was just sentenced today for Drunk and Disorderly, and Possession of Marijuana. My criminal record includes: Larceny (felony dropped to misdemeanor), theft (not sure the exact charge but also misdemeanor) and a few MIPs. I was given 365 days suspended sentence with 18 months probation for the possession of marijuana. I was charged with 0.066 grams. Is this a fair sentence? I ask because when I was sentenced for my Felony charge I was only given 56 days suspended. I know that the more a court sees you in trouble the more inclined they are to hand down a harsh sentence... but one whole year for 0.066 grams of a now legal substance? Should I appeal this sentence? Those are interesting questions, but in terms of being useful ones I am afraid you are probably asking them a few hours too late. There are situations where multiple criminal charges might be appropriate for a single act. Which charges to pursue are a prosecutor's discretion, and if they can prove the elements BRD (or get a guilty plea) then it does not matter whether there were also other crimes the action might have fit. I’ll have to wait until I get my paperwork in the mail hopefully by Monday or Tuesday, but I think that was the sentencing for just the possession charge. I could be wrong though. I was pretty confused about the whole thing. That’s the only point I’m making now I guess.. wouldn’t it be an MIP, if I was charged after prop 2 went into effect? I thought he would consider that Was the sentence for both counts? Was there a separate sentence for the d d? Were you found not guilty on that count? I am trying to determine if the sentence is for both counts, or just one. If it is for both counts then your description is incorrect in an important way. It would not be for "just" 0.066g of an illegal substance, it would be for that plus drunk AND disorderly. Generally an appeal is not going to be an opportunity at a "redo" because you were insufficiently prepared for your trial level action. Short some clear trial level error, the appeals court will not reconsider whether your sentence was "fair." They will consider whether it was within legal range, whether the trial court made some obvious error, and/or whether the trial court abused its discretion in passing the sentence. If the sentence was for the one count it might be worth an appeal given Prop 2; it would still be an unlikely long shot, but there is a convincing argument in your favor. If the sentence was for both counts a successful appeal would i think be far less likely. I don’t have specific codes.. Ct 1 controlled substance - possession of marihuana/synthetic Ct. 2 - disorderly person - drunk This is referenced from my plea deal here in front of me. It doesn’t include the codes  What was the sentence for the drunk disorderly? Can you please specify the charges you were convicted on by code section? This description sounds like it is missing pertinent info. The only legal basis for appeal would be is if the sentence was excessive. [It is not. ]()  Go to AA. Do 90 meetings in 90 days. It works. Saved my brother’s life. He was in a spot a lot like yours.  I guess so. I don't like going to jail I just make pretty stupid decisions when I drink. I've been sober for a couple of months now though and have been doing pretty well. I was in jail for 23 days and it was the worst 23 days of my life and I can't imagine a whole year. It sounds like the judge was sending you a message. Stop breaking the law. With your track record, you’re going is to jail unless you change something drastically. Most people can go a whole year without getting arrested.  I had a public defender. I'm not sure the basis that I would appeal it on that's why I asked. I was just under the impression the a year for possession of 0.066 grams of a now legal substance might be a bit too much even if its a suspended sentence. God forbid I violate probation.. but if I did, I wouldn't want to sit a whole year. If their isn't a basis to appeal it then of course I won't. I'm inclined to stay out of trouble I'm tired of dealing with this court... I'm just trying to plan ahead in case the unexpected is to happen. Did you have a lawyer? If the sentence fits in with the guidelines for your state for the crime, then the judge can make it whatever he or she wants in that range. On what basis would you appeal it? Plus, it's a suspended sentence with probation. Stay out of trouble and you don't have to worry about it.