 I have court tomorrow morning for a ticket I got for "Accessing the internet while driving". Columbus, Ohio code 2131.44. My phone was on a hands free suction-cup-to-windshield holder while a music video on YouTube was playing. I was not looking at it or touching it, simply listening to music. The officer had no other reason to pull me over (I was not speeding, weaving, failing to signal, etc) other than the fact that he saw my phone displaying something as he passed me. In Ohio code it states that using your phone while driving is only a secondary offense - and there needs to be some other reason for an officer to ticket you. In Columbus, Oh laws i do not see any such clause. The Columbus law I'm charged with: (b) No person shall operate a motor vehicle while using a mobile communication device to (1) Compose, send or read a text message; or (2) Send, read, create, play or interact with internet- based content. I have been driving for nearly 20 years with no tickets what-so-ever and no accidents. I really cannot afford a ticket at the moment, or the increase to my insurance premiums if found guilty. I maintain that I was not driving distracted and was not viewing the content on my screen at this time - however I cannot deny that there was a video playing at the time the officer pulled me over. Is this something worth fighting? Does the Ohio code making it a secondary offense have any bearing on the Columbus, OH law? Can the judge give me a payment arrangement or decrease in cost considering my good driving record? Any advice on my court appearance? What can I expect if I plea guilty/not guilty? Thanks for your time. Thanks, I appreciate the input.  NAL; I would be upfront and honest in court just like you were here. If you admit fault instead of coming up with excuses the judge may be more lenient. I'm not familiar with the Columbus Municipal court system but they judge should have the authority to reduce the penalty and allow a payment plan. You may be given the opportunity to take a driving class to further reduce your penalty and/or the points on your license. You're very unlikely to win if you contest the ticket. The burden of proof is preponderance of the evidence (more likely than not) for traffic infraction and an officer stating he saw the violation is enough for that. You were cited for a municipal violation. Unless there is a state preemption the state law will not matter. Thanks, I appreciate the no nonsense advice.  Being distracted isn't the point. That's not anywhere in the law. It doesn't have to be proven that you were distracted to be found guilty. You are not allowed to interact with the internet on a phone. "I wasn't distracted" isn't a defense.  My main question is if the Ohio law that using a phone while driving is a secondary offense has any bearing on the city law that doesn't seem to have a distinction.  I agree, I'm not a stupid person and I don't think the officer was wrong to pull me over or write me a ticket. But like I said I maintain that I was not driving distracted. I had a GPS up and youtube playing a music video playlist while minimized (Youtube red) but when I used the "Skip" function button on my steering wheel it minimized the GPS and brought up the Youtube app...and I just never bothered to change it back to GPS because I assumed it was no big deal and I was in a familiar place at that point 5 minutes from home.  I doubt you will win. It's reasonable to conclude you were watching a video if you did in fact have a video playing on your phone, especially when you had options to listen to music that did not require that. Any, if you're honest, you were interacting with internet based content while driving right ?