 Hello, I bank with Bank Of America. Since three months ago my balance kept changing. I write down and calculate my balances at the end of the month, and I have started noticing a few dollars missing. The first time I noticed was a month ago, November. My balance was $27 on Nov. 25th, then I added $100 that day for my scheduled bill to go out the next day. When I checked back to see if the money went out correctly, I got an email claiming that I did not have enough money in my balance. (They said I only had $55.84) I thought it was an error on my part, since it was hectic that day. I did it again this month, I put in $100 for my bill for the next day, and when I went to check a few days later, that deposit was nowhere to be seen. There was no paper proof I deposited $100 into my account, since I did it through my debit card to pay the balance on my credit card. I am missing $144.16. I do not have digital or paper proof of the missing amount. Is there anything I can do about this? So your intent is to charge $100 to your card each month but pay it off before it incurs interest charges? That really doesn't address the issue of if your payment to your account actually cleared before the payment to your credit card. You need to dive into your agreement with your bank re how long it takes deposits to clear. Generally I would say that paying $100 in cash the day before an online payment is supposed to clear is unwise. Outgoing payments often process before incoming ones.  I try to spend about $100 of my credit every month to raise my credit little by little. I’ve been able to pay off my credit with my debit by putting enough money there and paying it that way. That’s why I was confused. So how did you add the $100? It seems likely to me that your payment to your credit card went through before the $100 was credited to your account so what you are looking at here is overdraft fees. Sorry, I should’ve elaborated. I have a bofa credit card and a debit card, I was paying my balance off on my credit card with my debit card. They have an option to do it online since it’s the same bank. Is your BOA account a "free" account or do you pay fees? You need to get all the recent records for your account and see what is recorded. And those should be available online. Be aware: deposits may take several working days to clear and thus show up in your account. You say you paid the $100 in via your debit card. How did you do that - went to a teller and paid the money? Used an ATM? What?