 Hi All, I recently moved to a new apartment. Yesterday, I checked my electricity usage on hydro website and was shocked to see my apartment was using about 75-85 kWh of electricity per day (similar houses in area were about 20-25 kWh according to hydro's website). Long story short, I discovered that my apartment's windows and doors' weather stripping is in poor condition and it is allowing cold winter air in. As a result, my heating thermostat is running constantly just to keep 20 degree centigrade (68 F) inside temperature. Wondering, what are my options here ? Other than talking to the landlord to get this fixed who is away on vacation till next week. Am I on the hook for the this extremely high heating cost ?  Wow. That's so scummy :(  I did, they didn't inform me before renting the house has such bad insulation that it cannot reach 70f or 20c with out using 70 80kwh. When I spoke to them about it I was told it is not their problem. It's an old building and I have to basically suck it up. Feeling pretty helpless. This is late and not really legal advice but I had the same thing happen. Turns out the heat tape on the top of the building is tied to my unit. Maybe ask your landlord if there is anything extra tied to your unit. We have bad windows here too but even with that, and the heat tape, we werent reaching 70-80. We were in 40-50kwh with it on and now 18-20 with it off but we like it cool in our house. Im going to ask my landlord if there is anything he can do to help us offset this large bill coming our way next month given that we believe we should have been informed about the heat tape (especially since it's been an incredible mild winter so far and there hasn't been a need for it to be on) but I don't expect him to be able to do anything about it. Were you able to speak with your landlord about this? You might be able to seal some edges of the windows with painter's tape that is designed to be easy to remove. If you have a fireplace, make sure the vent is closed. If you are on the top floor, you will lose more heat from the ceiling than if you're not. You might want to turn down the thermostat to 60 f while you're away. You need to provide a location. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.