 I had this guy do some yard work at one of my properties. We left, and he usually stops working right as it's getting dark, but he continued to stay there. The next day he didn't show up for work, and it looked as if nothing had been done for the extra hours he claimed he stayed there. We received a text that said he had his friend come to our job site (who we did not allow to work for us) to continue working after we had left, but then he tripped and sprained his arm. I sent a message saying "oh that's awful sorry to hear that and get well and what not" which I hadn't realized would become a bad thing. The worker never messages us again for a month then recently we get a text saying he can work this last Monday but never shows up. We since have not seen him, but today we get a message saying we owe him $7,500 for his medical bills and he's serving us. Does this guy have a case since I acknowledged he was at my property when he got hurt by sending that text? Is he making up the story because we told him numerous times his roommate could not work with us since we only wanted him and now is using the roommate as a witness to this 'sprained arm'? I am sure he is not an insured contractor because I was having him do remedial garbage clean up. I don't know what to do but am getting in contact with a personal injury attorney tomorrow and want to have the right questions for him. Thank you! Location: Northern Colorado, US  I did not know this thank you, I'll be getting in touch with them when I get served.  't full o Thank you I'll wait until he serves me. Thank you I'll do that right away. Thank you I'll do that right away. Your homeowners policy entitles you to legal representation in the event that you are sued for this. I know this advice has been given but until you are served with a law suit there is no need to take further action other than cease any communication with this guy. Don't waste any money on an attorney. Wait until you're served, call your insurance, and they'll handle it from there.  Sounds like a scam. I'd contact your home insurance company  If he actually does sue and isn't full of it, turn it over to your homeowners insurance.  Luckily a lawyer from a big company called me to go on trial against one of my horrible tenants who is suing because they claimed they slipped in the store. He said he'd do anything for me if I helped with his case so I think I'll go to him first. Do you already have a lawyer on retainer? If so I would definitely give them a call. Otherwise cut contact with him. This really sounds like him trying to extort money out of you. My homeowners on all of my properties are current yes. I think I should wait to talk to a lawyer before communicating with him at all. He was a veteran and was supposed to go to jail Monday for failure to pay child support so I think he's getting very desperate for money. NAL; I wouldn't worry too much about it until you actually get served with legal paperwork. I would expect him trying to "settle" with you for a lesser cash amount in the next few days. I would refuse and find a licensed worker/company to do further work on your property. You could try asking for evidence of the injury (photos) or copies of the medical bills. Is your homeowners insurance current?