 (NH USA) I recently picked up a part-time job at a local grocery store to get some extra money. Every once and a while, it's too busy, and I don't have time to take a lunch. For the most part I didn't mind this much because I just looked at it as an extra hour of pay. However, I found out that every time I had a shift where I didn't get a lunch, they docked my pay for the hour I would have had lunch. This really pissed me off because that happened twice last week so that's two hours I worked that I didn't get paid for. I asked my boss about it and he said because I was scheduled for a shift that needed a lunch break they didn't have to pay me for it just because I didn't take it. Is that legal? They do something similar with 15 minute breaks where if you dont take one and sign the break log they make you sign a paper saying you did. I never cared much about that because those where paid breaks, but now I'm annoyed because they basically had me working for no pay. File a complaint with the state department of labor and industries. This is wage theft Just like almosy every other grocery store/minimum-wage job, they don't care about him. Good luck findind another minimum wage job that will jump on every occasion to pay someone for his "extra miles" and that will do everything to keep him in the team when they can hire anyone else from the top pile of CVs they have.  New Hampshire is a 5th-hour state, like California. Employees either must be given a 30-minute lunch break no later than the 5th hour of work, or they must reasonably be allowed to eat their lunch while they work and be paid for that time. Nolo doesn't go into detail, I'm sure there is some method to record which the company uses. Then they have to pay you. From Nolo: . New Hampshire is one of them: It requires employers to provide a meal break, but does not require rest breaks. New Hampshire law requires employers to allow a 30-minute meal break after an employee has worked five consecutive hours, unless the employer allows the employee to eat while working and it is feasible for the employee to do so. If the employee eats while working, the employee must be paid for that time. If the employee gets an actual break, the time may be unpaid. While it’s stupid, that doesn’t matter. You can be fired for any reason (including a bad or inaccurate one) or no reason at all so long as the reason isn’t membership in a protected class or engaging in protected activities. Ultimately they do have to pay you for that time, but if you continue to not take breaks they can fire you. But they told me that they dont have anyone to cover me so it wasn't something I had control over  They have to pay you for working through. On the flip side, they can fire you for not taking a break. Very few states have mandatory break laws. But you are correct in as much as if OP is working through a lunch break they must be paid for that time. This is called wage theft. I don’t know anything about NH law (IANAL) but in most states the employer can be fined if you don’t take your breaks by a certain time. In California this is the 5th hour. Sounds to me like they are cooking the books AND screwing you over. Take all of the breaks you are legally entitled to and a top working for free. Also, find a new job.  IANAL, but if you worked that time, they need to pay you. To me, this is where legal advice meets life advice. How much do you want to push this? Sounds like this may be a few hours total at this point. If it were me, I'd say make sure to take every lunch and every break on time no matter how busy you are. If the manager asks why, remind them that they are docking your pay when you don't take lunch.