 This is taking place in Vermont. I (20F) have been seeing a guy (25M) twice a week since November. Cutting to the chase, he sells large quantities of marijuana. He possesses up to 20 pounds at a time, keeping it in his bedroom. I myself do not smoke marijuana; I have been sober since July. I do not participate in any deals with him or on his behalf. However, my fear is that if he were to be caught at home with that much marijuana and I was present, would I face legal repercussions?  I can easily see constructive poss. applying, but how could she be an accessory or aiding and abetting if she is not helping to facilitate sales? Does that not require proof of her taking actions to further the conspiracy? For example if she texted people advertising it, I could see that sticking, but she stated she is not involved in anyway, she just has knowledge of it occurring. People do not have a duty to report crimes if they choose not to involve themselves from my understanding.  People have no duty to report crime if they choose not to. She could get hit with constructive possession since she admits to knowing it is there.  I'd leave him immediately if he carries 20 pounds of weed on him.  Guilt by association isn't really a thing. Aiding and abetting, accessory, and constructive possession are a thing. Those are things you may want to worry about. 20 pounds? It is. But a person can only have under an ounce at a time. Twenty pounds, as OP states her boyfriend has, is far beyond the scope of what's legal for recreational use. Isn't recreational use legal in Vermont now?  If he gets arrested. Don’t talk. Get a lawyer.  By failing to inform the authorities you have helped facilitate the sale of the cannabis, if you were there and a bust happened you'd likely face charges for being an accessory. ,( imo cannabis should he legalised or decriminalised. )  Well, the penalty for two ounces is three years and a $10K fine. If he's arrested, you very may well be at the same time. Whether charges stick is another matter. But if you don't want to be arrested and detained while they sort everything out, I would steer clear. Yes you would very likely get hit with charges as well, also not the best person to be around for sobriety. 