 I live in California and my mom has tried evicting my brother after butting heads with him. It all came to a head when the eldest of his kids tried breaking into the studio apartment of my moms tenant. She wanted him out, he got pissed and almost hit her car with his. He reversed the car and started recording to make it look like my mom exaggerated. When the cops got there he made it sound like she was lying, and that she only called them to get him out of the house. She wanted to give him a restraining order, but since he has five kids, she gave him an eviction notice instead. He doesn't have a formal written tenancy. Since he's been in the house for a few months he counts as a resident. I'm leaving to teach in Korea this Sunday. Last Thursday after work, we left to Mexico so my cousin could give me a root canal and a crown. We didn't come back until Sunday evening. My mother, aunt, and I have been out of the house for the past few days as we have been buying things I'll need for Korea since I'll be there for a year. Today he sent me a text saying that he wants his DVD player back (noting that he has a receipt and a warranty)and if he "doesn't get a response by three or have it returned by 7 that he'll continue with proceedings." He told my aunt that she, my mom and I are screwed. There was another instance last Monday where he changed the locks to the room he and the kids stay in. My mom thought he wasn't home as his car wasn't there. She wanted her charging station back and had seen it in his room so she tried to go in. She found out it was locked. She tried the keys she has for the door and that's how she found out he'd changed the lock. He'd been in the room recording it all and called the cops. He's broken in to her room to take his things too. But when the cop was there and this was brought up my brother stated that he had video evidence of her trying to open the door that morning and she had no evidence. The cop just told us all to compromise until the 30 days were up. We don't have anything of his. Should we do anything about all this? Or should we not worry about it since we didn't do anything? He can not file charges for the DVD player. At most, he could try to sue for the value a used one if he had loaned it and it not returned, but they have essentially zero value anyway. You being in Korea will make it impossible to pursue. Nothing is going to happen regarding the door, but your family should not try to enter his private rooms anyway until he has vacated. This gets to be a bit tricky an area of law, but he is a tenant and does have the right to exclusive use of spaces that are his sleeping quarters. Your mother should also make sure she has given him a legally proper notice to vacate. They have language that must be included, or she can not move to evict in court if he fails to leave by the end of the 30 days and will have to provide notice again to be able to eventually prevail in court. 