 Part of me thinks this is a scam because my relatives have been dead for over 5 years and I think some sort of legal action would of occurred had it been a real debt. But I'm also worried that if it is real the debt could somehow be transferred to a living family member. I don't know though and would really appreciate any help.  If I understand you, it's possible that Granddad was party to a mortgage on the house that was never paid off. If that's the case, the mortgage is likely still valid, and - in the worst case - it could be foreclosed on. Before you freak out too much, I suggest you get a title company to research the status of the title to the house...this should show whether there are any outstanding mortgages or other liens. I'm not familiar with California; I expect another poster can tell you exactly what to ask for from the title company and about what it should cost. I'll mention that Ditech sometimes services loans on behalf of other companies, so even if the title search shows a mortgage in favor of XYZ Bank, Ditech could be handing all the paperwork on behalf of XYZ. If you are comfortable, please post the name of the county in California where the house is located. This might allow other posters to point you to resources specific to your county; mortgages and mortgage foreclosures are handled by county officials and county courts. Thank you for your advice. Mother currently owns the house who she received from her father (Owes part of debt). Unformally like you said. This has been going on for years now though and the debt and letters are always addressed to the deceased family members. Never anyone else. So could the law Enforcment actually come and do anything about a person who's not even alive and technically doesn't own the house anymore? It has been about 6 years of not paying them. Does some sort of statue of limitations come into play since they haven't taken any real action over the course of more than 5 years? Sorry if these questions may seem stupid, I just have no idea how any of this works.  Ditech is big in the mortgage industry. Did you inherit your home from the deceased relative? Did you buy your home from deceased relative in an informal transaction (without an attorney or title company to explain all the details to you)? If so, it's possible that there's a valid, unsatisfied mortgage on your home, and it would be good to sort out the details of that before the sheriff's crew show up to move your furniture to the curb. On the other hand, if your deceased relative had not connection with your relative, and if you were not the executor of the relative's estate, you're probably in the clear just marking things "addressee deceased; return to sender"....but if one of those letters happens to be unsealed when it reaches you, go ahead and read it so you'll at least have a better idea of what's going on. Ditech had a reputation for being sloppy with paperwork. They emerged from a Chapter 11 Bankruptcy this year, listed new stock on the NYSE, and then got delisted when their stock price and market cap fell too far. You might think about at least briefly trying to resolve this before a new purchaser or receiver ends up owning their assets. Ok that first part is what I was sorta worried about. I'll try doing the bottom part again. They usually send a package that needs to be signed for every month or two and I always ask the post man to return with big letter stating deceased or no longer living here.  I wouldn't contact them at all. The debt can be transferred to you if you recognize its validity, agree to repay it, etc. I'd just return the mail to sender and note that the person does not live at the address any longer. I'm just ignorant to how debts work. Kinda assumed debts could transfer over and that something already would of happened if it wasn't a scam. Thank You for clarifying this for me. I'll likely try calling them again to let them know. Hate all the mail they send me, such a waste of paper and plastic.  Why would it be a scam? If their estate wasn't probated the creditor may have no idea the person died. Debts don't transfer to living family members (with very, very few exceptions that essentially do not apply outside of cases concerning Pennsylvania). 