 So, I was using POF (a dating app) and came across this girl, who claimed to be 18. Things went well, and pictures were sent back and forth. We eventually set up a meeting for today, and she never showed. I figured I just got ghosted until I got a call from a random number. I answered, and the man on the other end of the line claimed to be her father, and that him and his wife were very upset, as they had found the messages and pictures on her phone, stating that I was in trouble, as she is only 17, not 18 like she said. Some back and forth went by and we came to an arrangement. I am to, in order to avoid criminal charges, pay them back lump sums of cash regularly, in total $850 dollars, otherwise they will go to the police. They want me to get a MoneyPak reloadable card and load onto it the amount that I am supposed to pay them regularly, and give them the card number. I am scared but something doesnt' seem right. I gave this girl my neighbor's address(didn't want to hand out my own) and she has pictures of my face and genitals, and there are records on her phone of her sending explicit pictures of herself on her phone. I have blocked her number and deleted all the messages and pictures. Any advice guys? Will there ever be a day when some horny kid doesn't post this exact thing on this sub? NAL but this is 100% a work. Save and PRINT the messages where she claimed to be 18, just in case. NAL but even if this was real wouldn’t it be extortion anyway? I thought asking someone for money so they don’t file a police report was a felony. And regardless, cops need to be aware people in their town are being targeted Articles said it was happening in US.... Cool. Then add in your note to them, "If you attempt to contact me again, I will notify both the FBI as well as North Carolina police." I wouldn't express any anger in such a note, just very simple, factual, this-is-the-end-of-the-game-goodbye. That's because it's an extremely common scam. Block them and move on. And don't send pics of your face and your junk to strangers. Through some digging, I'm actually pretty sure they're in North Carolina. The company they have this fake number from has only two locations, and both are in NC. [removed] What makes you think the person isn't from the other side of the world? I think you'll be fine. Block them and move on. We get someone freaked out here about this maybe 3+ times a week. There's a saying about blackmail, you can rent silence, but you cannot buy it. So it is what it is and your only real option is to block them and move on with your life. I would go to police and call the dad and get the dad talking about money to make it go away so they know this is a scam and that you’re a victim. Cops should be aware this is happening in your town. Definitely a scam though.  SCAM!  Funny, my story is rather similar to both of those, particularly the first article It's possible they could find me, but I doubt it. There is a picture of my face with my private parts, so I fucked up there, but that's too late now. There aren't very many photos of me online, but they do have my neighbor's address. All of my facebook privacy settings are on max. Any further advice? Troll you some more It’s a scam. Block and move on. They might try to find your identity and blackmail you. Did you share video or only pictures? I think if you only have a picture of your face and separate pic of genitals, it's not such a big deal as anyone can get a pic of a face and separate pic of genitals. A possible way to get in front of this is to simply let them know that you know it's a scam, tell them you won't be communicating with them anymore, that you don't care if they share your images with anyone so no need to waste their time with blackmail as you won't respond to that, and they should just move on to their next victim.  Harass you They have my phone number but that's it It's a scam. Block them and move on with your life. Don't give them a dollar.  It's a scam, and a pretty common one. A bunch of people have posted here asking about it. Block the girl/her "parents" and change your POF account (or get rid of it). This is a scam that has been happening. I know someone can find a link faster than I can, but I’ll see if I can find it. It's a very common scam. Block the number and move on with your life. This is 100% a scam. Stop contacting these people immediately. For future reference, never take pictures of your private parts (it's right there in the name) and send them to strangers.