  Where do I start. A few questions here. TLDR at bottom I will try to make this as short as possible. This happened in Hamilton, ON, Canada I rented a room from a friend. I knew it probably wasn’t the best idea, but I had nowhere else to go at the time, and figured I would figure something else out before anything bad happened. I was wrong. I ended up having to leave because I did not feel safe. To kind of understand what happened you will need to know we are both users. She smokes crack and uses heroin. I use heroin and smoke weed. (not relevant but I’ve been clean ever since this situation.. yay me!) What happened was I woke up in the morning, and went downstairs to make a tea. She sleeps on a bed in the living room (the other room was her sons and is trashed so isn’t used). She was already awake when I went downstairs. I say good morning, and walk into the kitchen. She begins with, “You know I’m not stupid, eh?”. I just stand there not knowing what to say. This has happened before. I know not to speak because anything I say will piss her off. Trying to think of what I could have done wrong. Maybe she thinks I have something and I’m holding out on her? I did have a friend come by the night before. I barely got out, “.. do you think I have something?”. She starts yelling at me, “Don’t even try to say you didn’t do it! I know what I had! I weighed it this morning already! It was in my pocket, I fall asleep for an hour and it’s open beside me on my bed!”. At this point I realize she thinks I stole from her. Thinks I went into her pockets while she was sleeping and stole her drugs. All I can think of is the psychosis she must be in, and that I had to get out of there before her son showed up in one of his rages. I somehow got back upstairs into my room. I ended up having to message a friend on Facebook to call the cops to the address because I knew if I tried to leave it wouldn’t end well. I was scared if she heard me on the phone something bad would happen. So I waited until I saw the cops outside and ran downstairs, opened the front door. All I said was , “Get me out of here, I am not safe.”. I grabbed what I could carry and they drove me to the library, where I figured out what the hell I was going to do. After all of that I texted her in the nicest way saying I would like to set up a time to collect my belongings. After some name calling, she said I could come by the next day for them. Of course when I showed up (I had my community worker with me because I did not want to go alone, but didn’t want to scare her away with the cops) she did not answer the door. She then texts me and says she will not be home whenever I want her to be. Well I know she never goes out anywhere so whatever. I tried to give her a chance. Her and her son start threatening to throw my stuff outside, get rid of it etc. Texting me saying I’m not going to get it back, that they ‘found stolen items’ and are going to have to look through it all. Her son called me last night, calling me names and saying I am not getting my stuff back. I recorded that call, and after he said all of that let him know he was being recorded. He kept texting me and I told him to stop numerous times, ended up having to block his number and Facebook. \The place is a 2br townhouse, I rented one of the rooms, my friend in the other. Since she signed my Landlord Letter (rental agreement) she is my “Landlord” in this situation. The room is $400/mo, I paid $800 for first and last starting January 1st, paid $400 for February, and ended up having to leave on the 5th of February. I am paid up until the end of March, March being the last months rent portion. Best part is, she is in subsidized housing. She wasn’t even supposed to rent to anyone. She’s gonna lose her place over this and deserves it. I have already called the company that does her subsidy/ own the townhouses, and they are not happy. They made it sound like they would help me get my stuff back, I’m not sure if that means they’ll let me in to get it or what. Questions: Since it was a shared accommodation, I get that the process will be different than if I had a 1br and the landlord locked me out. I have called the police, and I am getting different stories. They either can or can’t help me get my stuff back. At most I think they just go there to keep the peace, but I heard something about asking for a Property Removal. I have looked on Google for info on this, but most I can find all has to do with stuff that isn’t a shared accommodation. If anyone knows where I can start, or the laws on getting my belongings back/ being locked out of a shared accommodation, Please I need the advice. I don’t know where to start. I don’t know if the Landlord and Tenant Board Applies to me in this situation. I have all the texts and recorded phone calls of them saying I will not get my stuff back, or that they are throwing it outside. What will be the consequences for what they have done? Will she lose her subsidy? Can the police make them give me my stuff back? Her son is on parole, I know for sure he has a lifetime weapons ban. He has been texting and calling me, calling me names and saying I’m not getting my stuff back. Saying I am going to jail for false allegations. I have told him to stop. Is this harassment? Thank You for taking the time to read and give me advice. TLDR; Rented a room in a townhouse, landlord is the other tenant. Had to leave because I didn’t feel safe. She will not let me back in to get my belongings, I have texts and phone call recordings of her saying so, her son texting me calling me names harassing me. Since it was a shared accommodation, where do I start with getting my stuff back? Yes I called the cops, but it wasn’t clear what they could do due to it being a shared accommodation. Where do I go in my city to start the process of getting my stuff back?  First, try calling the police again and asking for an escort while you go get your stuff. If that doesn't work, you can sue in small claims court for the value of all your stuff. Simply being sued might prompt a change of heart with respect to returning it all (cheaper than paying you out)