 I am suing someone in small claims for $8000. They want to settle out of court and want me to sign a contact. I do not want to sign unless it is directly from their attorney because they have previously misstated and misapplied California law while trying to dodge payment before. Should I tell them I will only sign an agreement if it comes directly from their attorney? What are the repercussions if they say no and want to represent themselves?  No, the party should sign it. Thank you! Also, should her representative also sign the contract?  Also, should her representative also sign the contract?  Got it. Thanks!  It would be better for you if it were drafted by your attorney.  I don't know why you think that would help rather than hurt you. On the face of it, no, it's not an admission; it's a capitulation on the basis that paying you now is preferable to a court case. Which could just mean that they hate court and don't want to go through with a case. But what exactly are you looking for, anyway? An apology?  I suppose it doesn’t matter. I thought it would be better if the contract was drafted by their attorney instead of my thieving ex.  You can ask anything you want. Why does it matter who sends you a contract?  Typically a willingness to settle is not admission of liability. But you should ask your attorney these questions. I do have my own attorney. Question: is the fact that they are willing to pay the full balance holdable in court as an admission of guilt? I have plenty of proof beyond this as well but I think it’s weird someone would pay off the debt if they don’t think they owe it. She ignored all previous correspondence with me and my attorney until she was served with court papers  The only correspondence I received was from her “representative under the advice of my attorney” Can I ask that her representative only send me the contract through her attorney?  You can't force someone to retain a pricey attorney over a relatively small dispute. If you don't want to settle, don't, and the court will decide. There's no guarantee you'll do equal to or better than the settlement, and as plaintiff, whatever the court decides, you are stuck with. A plaintiff can't appeal a small claims judgment. Then you have to go through collections hassles. If you already have an attorney, then have the other side put everything in writing and let your attorney advise you. I already have an attorney. I would just prefer if they had one as well. Also just curious, is the fact that they are willing to pay the full balance I am suing for an admission of guilt in and of itself? I’m not sure why anyone would agree to pay $8000 if they were not actually indebted.  I haven’t received the document yet but I believe it’s a contract stating I will drop the case on receipt of payment and if I do not receive payment then I can continue with trial.  An attorney for the other side would be working for their interests, not yours, and they would know how to do so within the bounds of the law. You're just replacing your chances of getting screwed illegally with getting screwed legally, which is worse. If you're afraid of signing something that hurts you, then you're the one who should get an attorney. If you don't want to spend that money, then you should wait until they give you the contract, and then sign it if you're comfortable, or continue to trial. You should decline to sign any contract except a receipt of payment. What does he want you to sign exactly?  You cannot force someone to use an attorney. Moreover, you should not trust this person's attorney. If you have questions about what the law is and if the settlement document is one you should sign, you should retain your own attorney.