 I got my first car last month. A little later than I'd have hoped but it's still better than not having one. At least it was. Here's how it went: A week or two after I got the car, a rattling noise started from the back right. I didn't think anything of it because I had a lot of stuff back there. Fast forward about two weeks to last Saturday. I picked up some pizzas for a party and on the way back, there was a loud crash where the rattling was coming from. The rattling stopped and there was a scraping sound in its place. I got off the road and into a parking lot, thankfully without crashing. I got out and looked and something had come off inside the back right wheel well. So I called up Progressive for roadside assistance and they sent a tow truck. The tow truck driver said it was an easy fix and he took it on his way. The next Monday I called the shop he took it to and was told they transferred it somewhere else, so I called that place and they said they'd start work only after they heard from my insurance. So after two or three days of no word from my insurance, I got word yesterday that they'd send an inspector. About a half hour ago I got a call from that inspector saying they won't cover any damages. So I called the repair shop again and told them, this time I was told that they might not be able to fix it because it's heavily rusted. What do I do? When I bought the car, I signed a piece of paper that said it was sold as is with no warranty. I figured I'd get more than three weeks out of my $4,000. If the car isn't fixable, is there anything I can do to recoup losses? Disclaimer: Not a lawyer, not your lawyer. Typically auto insurance covers damages from collisions, and not mechanical issues. If the car was bought without any warranty, then you probably don't have much recourse. You could talk to the buyer and try to work something out (which isn't really a legal option here, but an option nonetheless), or if you feel like the buyer misrepresented the state of the car knowingly, you could sue him for that, but unless he said something like "nothing wrong with the structure or engine", and an independent mechanic could testify on your behalf that there's no way he could've not known about this, the lawsuit would likely fail due to lack of evidence. The most likely best-case scenario is that this is a very expensive lesson to insist that you can take a used car you want to buy to a mechanic that you trust to look over before you buy it. If they don't agree, keep looking. If you bought the car used, as-is, and without any kind of warranty, then you also bought all the past/present/future problems the car had/has/will have, even if those problems occurred 5 minutes after driving the car off the lot. Your recourse is to pay to have the car repaired. Fix it. Sell it for scrap.