 Today is February 13th, 2019. On January 18th my girlfriend and I got intimate in my car at a park, it was dark out and no one was anywhere near us. my windows are decently tinted so I was less nervous about it. My girlfriend was 2 weeks away from turning 16. I had just turned 17. Around 15 minutes after we had started, two Park rangers pulled up to my car and used flashlights to see what was going on, needless to say, they knew pretty quickly. They said it wasn’t a surprise and that they had dealt with that situation on a regular basis. The only concern was my girlfriends age. They called a sheriff down to take care of the situation because it had just turned criminal. Her parents knew that we were intimate and they loved me, they laughed it off and said that they wouldn’t charge me with anything, the sheriff left after saying that it was a close call and to wait after she turns 16 before getting intimate again (age of consent here in Georgia is 16) my girlfriend and I were relieved that I wouldn’t be charged with anything and then waited for the park rangers to let us go, the park rangers were very friendly, he told me that his wife works at the middle school I went to and that he really thought I was a good kid. He said he wouldn’t give me a serious ticket, he gave me “improper personal conduct” and said I would have to show up to court on February 21st to pay a fine and then I would be good to go, I thanked him and my girlfriend and I drove back to her house. My parents and her parents weren’t too mad, mostly just laughing at us for getting caught. I thought I was in the green. Today my mom decided that she wanted to be sure that a fine was all I was facing, she had a conference with a lawyer this afternoon and the results weren’t too pleasing, the lawyer let her know that a prosecutor would want to charge me with statutory rape, even if her parents said that they didn’t want to charge me. The lawyer also said that the court has specific details about her age and my age even though the ticket said nothing about it. I’m just scared out of my mind that I might have to go to jail and live the rest of my life as a sex predator, are my fears justified?