 In Alabama Gonna say before you read sorry it's long and I do plan on finding another job soon, but being the sole income earner in the house I have to go back to work asap. So bit of back story, I work for a retirement home, senior community home type place. Now my direct manager is a complete idiot, how he's managed to keep his job neither I nor anyone whose worked there has any idea. This is his first manager job and for a man in his late 50s it shows. He has no idea how to run a kitchen(the area I work in) and refuses to ask for help, take advice etc. He also hates when someone knows more then he does and unfortunately it's not hard to do. Now I went to Culinary school and have 10 plus years experience in kitchens, it's why I was hired. Others and I have tried to help when he had no idea what he was doing and all its lead to he begrudging any and everyone. This dislike includes him tryin to mess with people's hours, going from worker to worker talking all kinds of mess to stir up problems and then claim innocence, let people not only come to work high on drugs but let's them get high while at work and refuses to acknowledge that it happens much less do anything about it, to getting in people's faces and screaming and cussing them out. And these are just some of the things he's done. Now my problem is I went thru all of this except the screaming and cussing, he knows outright jail be damned I'd punch him. The second week of January I went of maturity leave. I have worked there over a year and both him and his managers knew about the pregnancy as soon as I knew to tell them. My doctor has released me to go back to work and they're giving me problems about coming back. Now before I left, I talked to the Director of the senior home about the latest drama my manager had started with me. Which was going worker to worker talking about an incident that happened months before any of these workers started, where an ex-employee threatened both me and other workers and my manager refused to do anything until I threatened to call the police. My manager was going around telling these new employees that myself and the other workers involved didn't like the ex-employee and just pushed until he got fired for no reason. Now that I'm trying to come back to work the Direcor and HR lady are wanting to have a meeting in the morning to discuss where things left off before I went on maternity leave. Pretty much they're wanting to cover for my managers ass and are trying to threaten me to keep my head down. And I'm not looking to come back to work to make problems but I refuse to be treated like crap because of an ass on a power trip and I'm one of the few willing to stand up for myself because I'm old enough and been around enough to know this is discrimination and harassment. So what I'm asking advice for is how to go into this meeting without sounding to threatening, because I know I'm going to come of somewhat, while making it clear that I don't plan to make problems but I won't be treated like crap?  I understand that they are addressing it now that you are back from maternity leave, but they are not discriminating against you because of your maternity leave. They are still free to fire you for other reasons. Again, It is not illegal to be an asshole to your employees. I know this isn't what you want to hear so go ahead and meet with an employment attorney. They will very likely give you the exact same information I am, they will just charge you for it.  I don't know if I'm being clear I may not be wording this right. Yes they are giving me problems about coming back from maternity leave, including my manager saying he doesn't have room for me now. And when I pointed out that's illegal I got all kinds of push back including this meeting I now have to go to where they're trying to say if I do come back they want me to take the abuse and harassment because they( my managers bosses) don't want to have to deal with. All of which I and others know is illegal I'm just trying to find a way to as peacefully as I can say is not ok and won't take it. This has nothing to do with your pregnancy. They held your job, you have your job back. You can still be fired for arguing with your manager. I am not sure which law you think is being broken. Unless he is yelling and cussing at you because you are part of a protected class, it's not illegal to yell at your employees.  From what I can find on Alabama employment law it is, it's considered work place harassment. It's also discrimination against a pregnant women to not hold her job. It's not illegal for him to yell and cuss at you though, so by bringing it to HR you are making them choose between him and you. If you are confident in how needed you are at work, go in guns blazing but if you think you could be replaced, consider keeping your head down and being more agreeable. I know that it is absolute bullshit and I would be fucking livid about it too but it's a fact of life when it comes to most US employment. If you don't have a union to protect you, you have no protection.  I understand that, but no one I know would take being screamed and cussed at much less the other petty bs he goes around doing. Also I might not have said it, but I don't argue with him the two times I've had enough of dealing with it I and others went to hid direct manager to make a formal complaint.  I dont know how things work in Alabama, I'm an Australian, but if you are in a union try to get your rep to attend the meeting. You'll be assured a fair meeting and your rep womt let them bully you into submission. You can be fired for getting it things with your manager. It's great you want to stand up for yourself but sometimes at work you have to eat crow and kiss ass.