 Preface: IF TL;DR pls scroll to bottom for Legal Advice question, but heads-up you'll miss a story where you get to laugh at a young adult for being an idiot. I got scammed Sunday on Facebook Marketplace (like a fool). It was because I wanted the phone ASAP and am impulsive.. I'm relatively young \[21 M\] so I'm not too familiar with the actions to take. Here's the story: I have bought items on FBM before with great deals, so when I starting looking for an iPhone XR I'll admit I started my search over-trustworthy and confident. I found a girl selling one for $360 and when I offered $325 she immediately agreed (should've seen this red flag smh). We messaged for an hour or so and she sent me videos and screen recordings of the phone working properly, so I asked her if she could meet me halfway between us (she's 3 hours away) and she said she didn't have a car, but could ship it (once again, red flag, but she seemed genuine). So I told her I'd send her the money tomorrow when she mails it. She said she could ship it tonight (HUGE red flag since obviously) UPS/Fedex closed on Sundays). I told her to keep me updated so I could get the tracking ID and then she never responded. I sent a message Monday morning telling her I was calling the cops if she didn't send my money back or provide proof of shipment. She never responded, and deleted her FB this morning. Background on her: I believe it was her real name because I found her Instagram. It's a "business profile" which means she had to attach her FB to it, but it also means her e-mail was linked in her bio, so that's one more personal account I have of hers. I also have her Cash App username, which has to be linked to a bank account or debit card. Now here's my resolution: I went to my local Police Department and filed a Police Report with what happened and have sent that to the Police Department in the city she's from. Cash App claims they will provide personal information of users only to Law Enforcement for investigation purposes, so I am confident this will get resolved. My Legal Question: I was told after the investigation I can either press civil charges or criminal charges, but not both. I understand the difference, but want some help on the processes and which route I should take. I would be content with her just giving the phone up as agreed, but I feel like a civil trial would require a court-date I'd have to travel to and I'd need an attorney (lawyer?). If I do that route I feel obligated to sue for reimbursement fees for the trouble, which I'm assuming is a thing. Is this a situation where the defendant typically "settles" so it doesn't go to court and cost her more than losing her phone? Agreed. Sue her. No one should be doing Nigerian prince scams other than Nigerian princes!! You were told incorrectly. Press criminal charges. See if you get civil restitution. If you don’t, sue. Don’t skip a step That sounds like the route I'm going to take(small claims). How is the location decided? Can I make her come to me? Yea, they don't have anything to do with other. Only possible snag is if a criminal judge orders restitution. Then you don't sue for the damages, but you still have the option of suing to enforce that order. Likely, you'll be going small claims i.e. no lawyer. About not being able to press criminal and civil? Honestly, I wouldn’t want to press criminal charges because she’s only 20(according to her Instagram bio) and I think putting something like that on her record would just put her deeper into a bad situation which she must be in to resort to this. I don’t want to ruin her life. So in terms of civil trial, what steps should I take? Do I need to contact a lawyer now? Wait until the evidence is completely gathered and contact her about settling? How long would a process like this typically take? Is it worth $325 (phones actually worth ~$600) You were told incorrectly. 