 Back in December I lost my debit card. After a couple days, I went to the bank to get a new card and cancel my old one. I was told twice that my previous card had been cancelled, and that if it were found (it wasn't) I wouldn't be able to use it. I decided that this would be a good time to cancel from the myriad of unnecessary subscriptions I had been a part of, as they were a serious issue for me. I cancelled some outright, but, unable to remember all of them, decided that I'd likely get emails saying that they couldn't collect the charge, and my subscriptions wouldn't renew. Since then, there have been over $150 of charges to my account, which I caught with a $35 purchase today. This is definitely at least partially on me, I should have actually made sure these subscriptions weren't being paid. Though, at the same time, that's $150 in services I haven't used, on a card that shouldn't have worked. Is it worth calling my bank and seeing if I can get reimbursement, or will they laugh upon finding out that I'm still technically the receiver of these purchases? Does the bank have any liability for not cancelling the card anyways, regardless of whether purchases were made or not? That is what concerned me, most. Yeah. I just googled and found that someone else has had this issue with them, and their customer service offered a full refund. Hopefully I get the same treatment. I don't have time to sue for 100 bucks, though. If you have an email confirming your cancellation as per the terms of whatever agreement you initially agreed to, and you cancelled in the exact manner outlined in the agreement, and they have continued to charge you beyond that, then that sounds like a great situation to perform a chargeback if possible, or sue them for the return of the payments that they erroneously took from you. Yeah. I am actually fine with most of them, about $50 worth. I can cancel them now and not be too upset. The actual subscription I'm most upset over is one I tried to cancel with months ago, and even got a cancelled email from! I'm going to call their customer support tomorrow. That's $105 I don't think I should be on the hook for. Pluralsight seems not only overpriced now, but kinda shady. I wonder if anyone else has had this issue. Not sure then. Sounds like you need to work with the bank or credit card issuer to figure out what's going on with that. Having said that, the charges from the services you did not officially and/or properly cancel are likely a separate matter from this. I'm not going to get angry. The charges are still on me, though I will hope to get something for a card that should be cancelled not being cancelled, even if it's not $150. If not, I may just switch banks. No. The card itself is still open. In fact, there's an option right there to say that the card has been lost or stolen, which is what I already did 3 and a half months ago. There's other options for what to do with the card as if it were still active, too. OMG! What kind of a bank is that??? You better get angry and march in there ASAP! The bank should have cancelled the card, which means it would have declined any charges and given you a new card with a new number. They are idiots. This is their fault and they better cover that $150 or else you'll make noise to a manager. Oh, and you should change banks. Totally unacceptable turn of events.  Could what you're looking at mean that the account the card is/was attached to is still active? I didn't mention this in the post, but on my bank account page, the "cancelled" card is still listed as active. It definitely wasn't actually cancelled. That is not what happened, as the card listed is the same as my old card, and when I went to my bank account page the card is still listed as active. So I'm on the hook for those charges, fine. Kinda crappy but I can accept it. What about the bank claiming to cancel a card then not doing so? It's possible (and common) for merchants that have your old card on file to charge your new card through a service called an "updater" service that most major credit cards offer to their merchants. This is to combat almost exactly what's happening in your situation: cancel or allow a card to expire in order to dodge legitimate charges. Visa and MasterCard both have services for merchants that provide new card numbers when someone reports a card lost/stolen and replaces it. I would first make sure this is not what has happened with these subscriptions. In any event, cancelling your cards to get out of recurring billing is not the way to handle it and you are ultimately liable to pay for services you haven't cancelled.