 Hi, and thank you for reading my post. Please let me know if I'm not following any of the rules, as this is my first time posting here. In the middle of last year, I got a job offer in a different state and decided to move. There was no way out of my lease, so I had to pay rent on my new house and on my old house. My understanding is that I needed to keep paying rent on the old house until either the lease expired, or until it was rented out to a new tenant. I left in a bit of a hurry, so there were plenty of repairs and cleaning that needed to be done on the old house. However, I paid a double deposit, so he should have had plenty of cash on hand to get that done. I notified him over email over a month before moving that I was going to move, and we kept in touch after I moved to talk about cleaning and repairs. He told me that he cleaned and repaired the house, citing several things he had done. But he never sent me an actual itemized list of deductions to my deposit, and he never sent me the deposit back. I also kept an eye on the house on the major renting sites (Zillow, Redfin, etc), and saw that he posted it for a fair bit above market value, when compared to similar houses in the neighborhood. It didn't rent for several months, and in the last month of my lease, he lowered the rent substantially (lower than I was paying when I moved in even), and rented it out two weeks before my lease expired. As far as I can tell, he owes me my deposit, or an itemized list of deductions, as well as a refund for the two weeks that another tenant was living there on the new lease. And since it's been a while since I moved out (and now a couple of months since the lease actually expired), he might owe me more than that. The problem is that the old house is in Texas, and I am now living in Washington, so I can't exactly take him to small claims court, as I can't afford to travel back and forth for this. I'm not sure what my rights are or what I should be doing to get my money back. I don't have a lot of money to hire a lawyer, either. The landlord had full control of the house back in July, the new tenants moved in in mid November, and the lease itself expired in December. I'm not sure how long I have legally to take action on this. Does anybody have any advice? Oh, one last thing. My old neighbor called me after the new tenants moved in. She got a chance to see the inside of the house while they were moving in, and from what she can see, he didn't do any cleaning at all. She's pretty good at keeping an eye on the neighborhood, and said she never saw any professionals come in to do anything - just the landlord stopping by once with a can of paint and then leaving after a while. He also turned on the sprinklers one day, and forgot to turn them off for a couple of days, racking up a very high charge on my water bill. He probably didn't sent me an itemized list of deductions because he didn't do any actual work, and he might have spent my security deposit a long time ago.