 Obligatory on mobile sorry for that. This all occurred about a month and a half ago and my friend just received a call from the police that he’s being charged for assault. This is what happened: J is friend, B is J’s friend/witness and A is the person who reported the incident to the police. J grabbed A’s vape juice gave it to B, B then put it in the front on top of A’s drink. Then A took J’s phone out of his hand and J tried to take the phone back. This leads to a small fight. A is left with a scratch on his face and a small rip in his sweater. A throws phone out of the window cracking the screen that previously only had a minor crack and now has chunks falling out. A proceeds to throw fit and throws J’s hat out window as well. B grabs phone and hat. End of altercation. A shows up to J’s house and says he owes him $130 for his sweater that got ripped in the fight. J tells him no he broke his phone which is far more valuable than his sweater that cost A $75. A says it includes vape juice he stole, which J did not steal. Not sure if this is relevant, but the legal age to buy vaping things here is 18 and all were under that. What should he do? He has to go down to make a statement at the police station tomorrow. Is this all silly things that won’t lead anywhere or should he be considering a lawyer? TLDR: 2 guys got into fight for dumb things and now one has filed a bogus charge because he’s butt hurt. Thank you for taking the time to reply The police may decide to pursue the matter extrajudicioulsy - meaning there won't be a criminal conviction at all, maybe something like a referral to a community program or some other non-conviction sanction. Records under the YCJA remain open for a set period of time, which depends on the exact outcome. This "open" period can extend past the age or 18. After the perido ends the record can be sealed/destroyed. However, if as an adult he commits a further crime while the record is still open, it becomes pat of his adult record.  What about the YCJA? Would this still be “cleared” for his 18th birthday? It really doesn't matter who assaulted who first. They can BOTH be charged with assault. The police/Crown don't have to charge A, even if he committed assault too. If he wants to assert that it was self defence, then he'd have to prove the elements of the self-defence doctrine at trial. To be absolutely clear, this is not a silly situation. Its not a bogus charge. Your friend needs a lawyer. His parents are aware, and they told other parents they weren’t paying since his son technically assaulted him first and caused more damage.  Your friend should tell his parents, and get a criminal defense lawyer right away. He should not go to the police station to make a statement without speaking to a lawyer first. This is not a bogus charge and your friend needs to take it very seriously.