  So here's the story. On Friday, my fiance takes the car to a Grease Monkey (oil and lube place in town, it's a chain) to get a standard oil change and filter swap out, totaling a 100 dollars. He does this so that evening we can drive up to Green Bay from Rockford IL, a 3 hour trip. Friday goes by no problems. Saturday late morning we head out to Manitowoc, the engine starts jumping, almost choking, and I smell something terrible burning. In a panic, I call to a few service centers, almost all of them closing at 1pm, it's currently 12. I get one service center that's open til 2pm. I explain the problem and that we recently just had the oil changed, he tells me to bring it in.We bring it in and we pop the hood, and wham-o, oil is splattered everywhere! He looks at it and goes "there it is!" He explained that who ever changed the oil failed to properly place the oil cap back. We show him the receipts, and then my fiancee calls the Grease Monkey, and they say that they'll pay for it.Well, it's saturday and the service guys say that it's close to 2pm, and that they are closing and can't do any work till Monday. This costs us another day in Green Bay and another day at the Hotel we were staying at. We were planning on going home sunday night. Service guy we were talking to, who by far was the most professional, and pretty upset with the place we got the oil change at says he'll call the Grease Monkey and try to get them to pay for services. He gets us a loaner and we bum around Green Bay and Manitowoc for the weekend. (Lambeau Field is amazing!) !Go Pack Go!!&lt;Monday (Today) the car is finished, and it costs us $212 for the clean up and labor. Kicker is that now Grease Monkey isn't picking up the phone. My fiancee finally gets a hold of them after we paid for the services. They say bring all bills to them and they'll see what they can cover. If they refuse to cover it, what are some courses of action we can take, what are they liable for in this instance. Hotel?Day of missed worked?Services rendered by the dealership that we took it to so that it could be fixed? tl;dr: Get oil changed, they failed to place cap of the oil on correctly, causes huge fallout 3 hours from home, we end up staying an extra day, and 212 extra dollars in car servicing bills, plus hotel, lost wages for fuckery. Oil Change in IL, Fixed in WI. Car Gore:[]() Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. It's synthetic oil, stuff isn't cheap, and we also got a new air filter. Not that I don't think you are entitled to the cost of the cleaning, but it would have been safe to drive, it wouldn't have caught fire. Also in the future do not pay $100 for an oil change, you are totally getting ripped off.  There was oil all over the place. Driving it like that could have caused the car to catch fire. It needed the cleaning. Tomorrow the store manager is in. We'll see what happens. You couldn't just top the oil up and drive home? Either way hopefully they pay the costs if not leave a bad yelp review or call the better business bureau. It's $200 mostly of cleaning and there was no damage done consider yourself lucky if they pay for anything done at another shop.  We didn't thank god! Luck was on our side for that. You would have a good small claims case for the extra work done to the car. Depending on the judge, I would think that the hotel bill, wages, etc wouldn't be very likely, but you are certainly free to include them in your suit. In these situations, it's usually best to try to deal with the business first, as these companies rely on good word of mouth and reviews.  Hopefully you didn’t cause any damage to your motor .