 We have an ex employee who has hacked our website 4 times. Deleting countless hours of work in the process. We have photo evidence of him telling someone on chat we are crooks and criminals. This photo includes his name and picture. We have been in business 7 years and only the year he left have we been hit with over 10 counts of slander and sales have dropped. That on top of the sites getting hacked and hours and hours of pay towards products being uploaded now deleted is very tough to deal with. I have his IP address or his hackers IP address off the last hack as well. I spoke with a lawyer and he suggested a Cease and Desist letter, small claims court ( do it ourselves ) or hire a lawyer. He ran the number up to about 80k for everything. Whats everyone's thoughts here?  How much did it cost you? This is the owner of the company here now. Please get another quote for a lawyer- this seems rather high. I too went through something similar and it was not this much of a cost.  Former sysadmin here. Solving this problem with technology is going to be far easier and cheaper than solving it through the legal system. I ask because websites should not be this easy to hack. If you're running something with a known unpatched security exploit, it's just going to keep getting hacked until you fix it. Hackers use scanning tools that scan for vulnerable software and automatically exploit it when found. If you restore your site without correcting the vulnerability, it will get hacked again within days, hours, maybe even minutes. You have a duty to mitigate damages. If you do sue this individual, his lawyer's argument may be that he owes you for the cost of restoring your backups. If your host supports SSH, a Linux-based NAS drive costs &lt;$200 and can be configured to use rsync and mysqldump to make backups on your prescribed schedule. If your server isn't Linux-based, no doubt there are similar tools available to you. A professional web developer will cost significantly less than a lawyer and provide lasting benefit. All instances happening in Ontario, Canada. Hey Nerdcrush, thank you for your reply. No he is a broke loser and this is all he has time to do. The police are coming tomorrow. We are going to start off showing them what we have against him and if that doesn't lead to anything at the very least provide the IP address of the hacker and hopefully they do something about it. You should, at the very least, send the cease and desist to attempt to stop the harassment. Then it's up to you if you want to pursue damages. Does he have any money to give you or will he essentially be judgement proof? Also, you could call the police to report the hacking of your website. 