 I've been with statefarm for a little over 6 months now. When I received my policy renewal documents in mail, I noticed that I was listed as single custodian parent when I've never been married and have never had any kids. There's also an additional driver listed on my policy who has the same last name as mine but I don't know who that individual is. I've already sent them two email based notices over past couple week but they've not yet gotten back to me or corrected the mistake. I want to know if I'm on the hook for anything here since I never really entered such information on their website. My guess is that the agent wanted to beat my existing payment with geico so he used any and all means to lower the payment. I want to know if I'm on the hook for anything legally. I've reached out to my insurance company but they've yet to get back to me. What happens if they to try charge me extra for all the months I've been with them? Can I switch insurance companies without paying this amount? I'm a male, 25, living in Austin, TX. Thanks everyone for reading through this. Appreciate any help. State farm used to give a discount to single parents. Now they don't anymore. It's not hurting you, nor should it giving you any cause of concern. Source: I worked for SF for 6 years  Desperate agents do desperate things. Sounds like an agent who put in wrong information just so he can beat Geico. if it was me, if the problem doesn't get resolved, find a different insurance company. I wouldn't want to work with a deceitful agent, in which he could lose his or her license for.  Thanks, appreciate your advice. You owe for what you've used, and you owe the correct amount, whether it's more or less that you've paid. If you owe more, maybe they'll be nice give you a discount because of their error, but it doesn't seem likely. I'd call them, and if you still get no help, find a new insurance company, because this one seems like they don't really care. Just in case you need some other numbers, [here's their Contact page](). Good luck!