 I thought this was a security alarm going off originally. After 4 days and several conversations with the police I have been informed it is not. It is a siren installed by the owner to deter homeless people from sleeping around the property. It sounds every 4 minutes for about 30 seconds and it sounds like an air raid siren. The police told me they're allowed to install it because it's an industrial area. However, there are also houses and apartments next door. I live a quarter mile away where everything is residential and it's so loud I can't sleep at night. Where do I go from here? Oh my god. Fresnan here. I’m so sorry. What business is this?  Look like u/miserable_milk has a better answer than me. :)  't think of anything that might be done from a civil perspective either... It's a massive air raid spite horn that goes off every 4.5 minutes with the stated purpose of making it hard for people to sleep in the area. You can't think of a single cause of action that would fit here? [Not a single one?](). Your post is going to get deleted if you don't take out the business' name. The police dispatcher doesn't know what s/he is talking about. File a complaint with [code enforcement](). Record the sound tonight and go to a few different lawyers in the area and ask if they can help. They may solve this with a demand letter. If the police have given their ok, there's probably not anything you can do from a criminal perspective. I really can't think of anything that might be done from a civil perspective either... I think the answers you're looking for may lie in the political sphere. Perhaps speaking with someone on your city / town / county council? Perhaps the zoning board? Will do. For what it's worth the police dispatcher told me they're allowed to have the siren there because it's zoned industrial and there's nothing more they can do about it. Record the sound, complain to the city, sue for private nuisance if need be. The cops are likely just being lazy, it's unusual that a device that has no purpose other than to harass people would be okay just because it's in an industrial park. File a complaint with the city code enforcement office, too.