 Throwaway obviously... dealing with city cops. The gist of it goes like this. Friend came over. We used some drugs. Shortly after, friend passes away. In my altered state of mind I told 911 he OD'ed, but had I been in a normal state of mind I would have known that he didn't OD. The drug we were using doesn't kill people. The LD50 is about 5 pounds (\~1700 grams) and we used about 4 grams each. Cops come and are asking some questions pertaining to the drug use. They didn't arrest anyone at the time, but did take some items from the home as 'evidence'. The only thing I'm concerned with was my cell phone. Being that they say they can make a bit by bit backup of the device, they don't need the original copy. Also no charges have been filed to my knowledge, and the autopsy came back saying he had a massively enlarged heart, and died of a heart attack. (That's coming to me 3rd party from a friend of a friend or the likes, but I completely believe it.) Since no charges have been filed, and the officer handling the case told me that they had no interest in chasing after possession charges, how do I go about getting my phone back? Aside from the 600 bucks I paid for it not that long ago, it has tons of pictures I haven't backed up in probably 2 years. I'd almost be happy just getting the contents back and they can keep the hardware, but at the same time, fuck them, I want my phone back. How do I get the phone back? How long should I be worried about possible charges? At the time I did admit to being on a couple drugs, but was never read rights or arrested and did not admit to any other crimes. Also have a child and the officer in charge of the investigation said he had to contact CPS as standard procedure, but we've not heard from them either. We provide a good home and are good parents, and have briefly contacted a family attorney who said that we had nothing to worry about, but just the same.... Do I need to worry about CPS? Contact the evidence department, they will contact the investigating officer and see if it okay to be returned.  Hah! Well... can I? ;) How do i figure out the process to request my stuff back? I've emailed the officer who is handling the case and got no reply... no surprise. I was really hoping you were going to ask if you can get your drugs back after reading the first two paragraphs, ha. But yes, the phone should be able to be released to you if the case has been closed.  You should be able to request your phone from your police department that took it. They should be able to release it due to the fact it’s not truly “evidence” unlike the drugs they took.  You obviously didnt read much, if anything. Id prefer advice from somebody who read the post. Also no kids were present at the time, but i do have children, which is why cps was mentioned. The police have my phone, not cps. Call the agency that handled the call and speak to their property department, ask them. With CPS, there’s no way to tell. Maybe stop having mountains of dope around kids?