 I don't know what to do. I've been publishing for 6 years without any trouble getting paid. Since publishing direct with BN Press, I haven't seen a dime of the thousands of dollars I've made through sales of my books. I don't know how I can get paid at this point. I've been broke for two weeks waiting to be paid, and I'm afraid I'll be behind on rent next month if they don't pay me.  Thank you. I will try this first. Not legal advice but practical advice that I can give both as a former contractor and currently as a landlord - If you are certain that you are legally owed the money, persistence is the key. Calmly and politely call their accounts payable and ask for your cheque to be prepared and issued. If they give you an excuse like "we only prepare cheques on the 15th and the 30th" or whatever, remind them they are late and you will be stopping by tomorrow to collect it. If they stone wall you and say they don't have the authority to issue cheques, insist that you be connected to someone who does. Every company, no matter how big, is able to issue payments in a day or two if they deem it a priority, and you have to make sure they know it is a priority. I've found that sometimes it takes 2 or 3 in person visits to their office to get a home owner to stop giving you the run around and pay up. The key is to always be calm and polite. They are the ones who need to be embarassed in this situation, not you.  Here are some options: You can draft a demand letter specifying that you will take them to court and submit it (consider monetary limits, if you are over 50k I believe it is no longer a small claims matter). Send this to your contact and/or their legal department. Set a deadline and if they do not make it, start the small claims process. Alternatively, find a lawyer who will work on flat fee or is willing to help on a pay schedule. What you need is still a demand letter. The letterhead of a lawyer normally forces people to behave. Both will cost some money, and it might be more effective to do a mix of both. You can totally represent yourself in small claims with very little issue, or you can hire a paralegal I believe. Perhaps have a lawyer draft a demand letter for you(ask about limited scope retainers, a letter shouldn't be too expensive) and then proceed to sue them yourself if it doesn't pan out. It has. Has it been 60 days since the close of the month when the sales occurred?  No legal advice, but I'm going through something similar with Amazon (on a much smaller scale) and I'm so mad. How does a company like that just misplace royalties? They have terms of their contract between us(publishers) and them advertised on their website:  IANAL. Not super familiar with the publishing world, but is there a contract between you and BN that was signed when you started publishing?