 I recently left my old job on bad terms for other reasons. When I started at my old job, I started an LLC with some colleagues. At the time we had already filed with the state of Texas and signed an operating agreement, but then I learned more about the projects at my old (day) job. I felt that the new LLC would cause a conflict of interest with my old job, so I just left everything as is and didn't pursue the LLC anymore. So the LLC exists, but it was an inactive business for the entire time I was employed at my old job. We never did any business. I recently quit my old job, but I suddenly realized that I had some files regarding the LLC in my work computer from my old job. These files include the original operating agreement for the LLC my friends and I signed. Given that I haven't actually done any business under the LLC, am I liable to be sued by my old company if they find out? Are there actually enough points for a case against me? I can't imagine that I caused any damage by doing this. Other info: I always worked on the LLC stuff outside of working hours. I also found out that the employee handbook at my old job explicitly stated that employees cannot have jobs on the side or take ownership in a business that competes with my old job. This was a huge reason why I stopped pursuing the LLC as well. I'd appreciate any and all help guys, thanks!  Sure it's possible, but again, they'd have to prove it, and prove they incurred damages.  Thanks again for your answer! Is it possible that they'd tack some sort of stealing of IP claim onto me? We marketed services that had overlap with the business at my old job. Once I realized that overlap existed though, I completely stopped pursuing the LLC.  If they sued you, they would need to prove that they incurred damages. This would likely involve proving that you did do some amount of business that would have otherwise gone of them, or did work on your LLC during work such that they lost money. If you reported $0.00 in income from your LLC on your taxes, then that is proof that you did $0.00 in business, unless they are also accusing you of tax fraud. Anybody can sue anybody for anything, but it is unlikely that they would, and even more unlikely that they would win if they sued you for breach of contract and punitive damages for having an inactive business and accidentally leaving a document on their computer.  Thanks for much for your response! Is there any way to prove that my LLC did $0.00 in business? Would it also be possible that they sue for breach of contract/punitive damages?  They could sue you, but if your LLC did $0.00 in business, then they have incurred $0.00 in damages. If you violated policies in the employee handbook they can fire you, but you quit. Violating company policies is not typically answerable by civil suit. 