 Hi, last week I received a call from our local police department stating that someone had reported that I was harassing them via Facebook. It turns out to be my old neighbor. I missed the call from the officer but quickly called back. We had a reasonable conversation about this woman - someone who has filed two false reports against me in the past, even one to Child Protective Services alleging "lack of supervision" which ended up being "unfounded." This woman has also called the police last year and reported an underage drinking party. I allowed the police to look around my two car garage because I guess she claimed that there were teenage boys hiding in there. Using flashlights, they found nothing. This officer says that this woman claims that I am harassing her work online by posting or messaging somewhere. I told him that I don't know where she works and asked him if he could tell me where on Facebook so that I could take a look. He wouldn't tell me what I supposedly said nor would he tell me where she works. He says that the post came from my Facebook account. About an hour or so later, the same officer calls my phone again, left a voicemail stating that he had just 'one more question' or something he'd like me to clarify. At this point I was annoyed because I feel as though I've complied and that I've been cooperative. I ignored it. Since then he has left me two more voicemails stating the same thing, that he has "just one more question" and then he can "close the case." I think it is entirely bogus for an officer to tell me that he's received a report that I'm harassing someone on Facebook but then refuses to tell me exactly what was said and -where- so that I can investigate. I looked through my Facebook messages and there's nothing. I am tired of being harassed by this woman "by proxy" if that makes sense and I'm not entire sure what my next step should be, if anything. I have not called him back because I feel that I have answered his questions. I feel like the one that is being harassed here and I'm beyond tired of it. I don't think about this woman nor would I stoop so low as to post something about her on social media in order to put her livelihood at risk. Just recently I was at a grocery store with a friend. She and her friend happened to be in the self-checkout at the same time. She was laughing obnoxiously and dramatically while I said nothing and just went about my business. She seems to think that filing false reports is a game. tl;dr - Woman made another false report about me, spoke to officer, officer now seems to want to talk on the phone again for "clarification" in order to "close the case." Officer has called three times and left a voicemail requesting this. I have not returned his call. OP, have you verified that this is actually a legitimate police officer? And have you considered a restraining order against this woman? Edit: Also, don't talk to the officer anymore. It's not in your best interest to talk to him, he's fishing for information and sounds like Columbo with his "just one more thing" line. You know, the one when Columbo lays out how he solved the mystery and the perp goes to jail, right? You could inadvertently say something completely innocent that the cop twists so he can use it against you. Don't help him build his case. If you're arrested, call a lawyer. Until then, say nothing else to the police. Nothing, don't tell "your side of the story" - that's like the number one classic cop lie to get you to incriminate yourself. Wouldn't it be better if OP doesn't talk to the officer? If the officer is fishing for information like this, he may unwittingly say something innocent but which the officer can use against him. I don't think it's in OP's best interests for him to talk to the police. He shouldn't help them build a case against him. Search your name of FB see if you can find a duplicate profile and report it to be deleted. You're not obligated to return the call, or to make any statements at all. And he's not obligated to just stop investigating because you aren't calling him back. If you want him to stop calling, then you can talk to him and either tell him you have no intention of making a statement, or you can ask him what he wants, give him your side of it and almost certainly put the whole matter behind you if you've done nothing wrong.