 This morning I was terminated from my Recruiting job where I recruited insurance professionals all over the United States. I live and work in Salt Lake City, UT, but often work with companies and candidates all over. As stated I was let go from my position after 1 year and 7 months with this organization. I ran a full cycle recruiting desk and was paid a base salary plus commissions on any candidates I placed. The reason given was consistently not hitting metrics set by my boss/owner. Metrics that were very lofty and out of the characteristics of anyone previously in my role or currently employed by the organization. I qualified for a pace setter company paid vacation last year that only was given to top performers (a trip that was supposed to be in April 2019). Last year I made the business $280k in revenue and this year I was the only recruiter that was making a profit for the organization ($72k over last 6 weeks). The last few months have been tough within the office, last year 11 people turned over in an office of 4 people, a red flag that this office had some issues. The owner was very adamant that recruiting is a tough job and that others just aren't cut out for it. I've never blown her socks off with my recruiting but I did get constant positive feedback on the revenue I drove for the organization. Last year I got the largest fee in company history $57k off of one high level executive candidate. Because of the low moral and concern in the future of the office, two weeks ago I had revamped my resume and asked a co-worker to proof it before applying to jobs, sent to her via Facebook Messenger, like all of our conversations about how terrible the office is. Today we found out that our boss had snooping software installed on all our machines and had access to private conversations via my facebook (stupid me I should have covered my bases). The second she saw a resume sent to my co-worker that was all she needed to see to let me go. I don't blame her, I didn't want to work there much longer, which brings me to my question/concern. Of that $72k I produced in revenue this year, I hadn't been paid on commissions for it yet. Totaling just above $7k in commission for me. When I sat down with my boss this morning she informed me that I would not be receiving that commission because if they have to replace that candidate within the guarantee period of 90 days they have to do that work for free if I get my commission paid out. To cover her tracks, last week she sent out an email with some revisions to the commission agreement, in that was a new point on not paying commission to employees that had left the organization. Didn't think much of it until today! My question is can she legally do this? TILDR: I got terminated today and will not be receiving $7k in owed commissions for work I did with the company while employed. Is this legal?  Guess it would be a question of would it cost more than the seven Grand they are going to end up shorting you or could you potentially where you are seven Grand plus attorney fees Thanks, I appreciate the ideas...Trying to figure if it's worth the headache and hassle to get a local attorney to look at it all.  That sounds like you're smoking gun then prior history shows XYZ right before she let me go but after she used snooping software 2 monitor extracurricular activities on the computers noticed I had revamped my resume immediately let me go, but not before having the opportunity to update the commission policy that I did not ever agree to nor did I have the opportunity 2 ask questions or discuss the new policy prior to its revision and or my termination.. at least it sounds nice no idea if it'll actually help but I hope it does No the revision didn't include a place for me to sign, worse I don't have the document from 2018 cause I was literally blindsided this morning. This is the added sentence "Commission is earned only when a Recruiter is actively employed at the time payment is made by the client. " and right below that..." Management reserves the right to modify the commission plan at any time". I didn't sign this as it was the commission policy. I do know of one recruiter in the past that quit and was still paid out her commissions that she had earned. Did the revision include a need for employees to sign or agree to it?  $7k in owed commissions for work I did with the company while employed. Is this legal? It is if the employee compensation plan allows for that - or if it reasonably creates some amount of management discretion as to commission paid. It doesn't if the company plan amounts to a promise to pay the commission. The timing of this change, and your reliance on the prior policy in working up to this change may matter. If the prior plan truly didn't allow for this type of non-payment, then the non-payment may not hold in this circumstance. If there was room for non-payment in the old plan and this amounts to a clarification, then they may not need to pay you. Many commission plans don't pay commission until a guarantee or return period is up. But again, this comes down to the details of what is established in yours.