 My grandma just passed away and I am now responsible for everything. I am her power of attorney for financial and health matters and have her will and other papers. She lived in Yuma, AZ in a skilled nursing home and I live in Southern California, about 5 hours away. She had a prepayed crematorium setup and the home knows to send her there. She was also in a program called ALTCS (Arizona Long Term Care System) where her money went into a trust account that I see over and we pay a share for her medical and housing and the state pays the rest. She has no money outside of the trust account, a paid off mobile home and a car. So my question is where do i start? Who do I get a death certificate from, and I know I need many copies. She received social security and two small annuities, I assume I will call them and tell them she has died.How long will it take for this to get to her credit card holder and medical bill so they know she has died? I assume I will have to sell the house to pay off her debts but do I need to start that process immediately? Also my aunt has been living in her mobile home rent free and helping out with my grandma since she is in town. What happens if she refuses to move out or if no one will buy the mobile home? Thank you for any responses, this has been a long time coming and I am glad she is not suffering anymore.  Serving as an executor is a lot of work and can get complex (on average, it takes hundreds of hours and more than a year). Here's a checklist you can use to get started: [www.estateexec.com/Docs/Executor\_Checklist]() (there's also an ability to create a custom list for your situation). As @bcr2299 noted, please understand that your power of attorney for her became void once she passed away. To manage things going forward, you will need to be appointed executor by the probate court in her jurisdiction (i.e., get your "Letters Testamentary"). I'm sorry that you lost your grandmother . . . You need a trusts and estates lawyer, and the costs of that can be charged to the estate, to guide you through this process. The funeral home usually contacts Social Security. You should call them, too, but if you don't get around to it right away, you will probably notice that her payments stop and any payments deposited into her account after the date of death are reversed. Once that happens you know that SS is aware of the death, and you don't need to take further steps. Other third parties may request at least a scan of the death certificate, which could take awhile.  Yes she had a will and the mobile home is to be split between my mom and aunt but that is pretty much her only assets so I assume I will have to sell to pay bills. It looks like the simple probate might work because her mobile home is worth less than 100k. For all the little things in her house I have instructions for who gets what. Thank you for the responses. I will check with the social worker and make a list of who to contact. Also I guess I will have to travel there to fill the courthouse documents. Thanks [removed] Ok first you need to understand that the POA's became moot when your grandmother died; the Will controls everything now. If you are listed as executor you will have to open probate at the local courthouse. The clerks usually have a document with instructions on how to do that. You will have to notify the SS and annuity providers, as well as her credit card holder and hospital. It sounds like your grandmother didn't have a lot in the way of assets. Do a Google search on "Arizona small estate probate" to see if her estate qualifies. If so the process is fairly straightforward. I am sorry for your loss. The social worker at the skilled nursing facility will be able to help you figure out the immediate stuff, and point you in the right direction. 