 First: there are a couple things that are my fault in this situation that I take full responsibility for. 1) my car was not locked (though I could have sworn it was) and 2) I had 2 wallets in the car (one with mostly everything and 1 spare I keep just in case). Also sorry that this may be a bit long. Location: Maryland Occurred: sometime between 630pm 2/10/19 and 430 am 2/11/19 My primary wallet had ID, 2 credit cards, my SmarTrip (metro and bus card for those not native to the DMV area) about $300 cash. My secondary wallet just had a lot of personal effects with no value but also happened to have my social security card in it. I woke up this morning to texts from my bank regarding potential fraudulent activity at 7-11. I replied that it wasn’t me and the card was immediately frozen. I grabbed my keys and went downstairs to my car and noticed a pen outside the driver door that wasn’t there when I parked. When I got to my door and canvas tote was on the driver seat and all the contents of my glove compartment, center console and the extra compartments of the front doors were all over the floor. The items listed above were gone but anything else that pertained any personal information was left there (as far as I can tell.) I notified my building but the security cameras are only placed at the garage entrances/exits and in the building vestibules where you access the elevators. I’ve notified the police and they filed a report but they said that unless they can find the exact 7-11 and have enough camera footage, they might not be able to find who did it. I called my bank and cancelled the cards, called SSA to report a stolen social security card and called Experian to flag my account to make sure no one tries to open accounts in my name. I went to the MVA to try and get a new license but there is a $20 fee I can’t pay until I get a new CC, but I can take care of that at the end of the week. Once I got off the phone and had a second to breathe I had a panic attack sitting in my apartment and I went to work to try to stop the barrage of thoughts invading my mind. What I’ve come to you find Redditors is to ask if there is anything else I’m missing that I can do to ensure my identity is safe and if there is something I can potentially lobby to the HOA about regarding the safety of the people who live in these two buildings. From the outside you have to FOB into the garage/pedestrian door to the garage, and into the vestibules. But nothing stops people from piggy backing on other people entering the garage despite numerous warnings from the building and the HOA. The concierge even told me that they have had break ins into people’s cars in the past. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks! If you've frozen your accounts, there isn't much else to do at this point. You can ask the HOA for additional cameras, but they're not responsible for the actions of a third party. Finally, STOP carrying your social security card in your wallet. Keep it in a safe, secure location.