 so today I was leaving Walmart and after I backed out , some lady tried to go around my car and she ended up hitting my car. There was no damage at all to my car but her car looked pretty bad. She called the police and of course I was not at fault. She was angry and claimed that this accident made her husband have a heart attack! I am a nursing student and I know for sure he didn’t have a heart attack. The ambulance came , and he was fine. The lady kept screaming that she was going to sue me ! ( even though it wasn’t my daily !) I’m just nervous I guess ! Could she really sue me ? She didn’t even take my name or anything , she just took a picture of my plate.   't my daily?&lt;&lt; What does that mean? The crazy part is that the police didn’t even make a report.  Ok. I’m not saying I’m a doctor or anything . All I’m saying is I’m sure the lady is saying her husband had a heart attack because she wants some money. The police didn’t collect anything . I tried to give me insurance and stuff to the lady and she wouldn’t take it. All she would take is my phone number. Ok thank you !   Be sure that your nursing school syllabus includes a class that addresses your state's Good Samaritan law so you know what your obligations and liability risks are next time you find yourself in a collision. What country, state, or province did this occur in ? Did the police collect your license and insurance information and provide them to the other driver? Did you get the license and insurance information for the other driver, in case you discover additional not-apparent damage to your vehicle or injuries to yourself ? Yes, you could be sued. You were involved in an auto collision and the circumstances and facts are in dispute. But it's most likely that somebody who was already impatient lost their cool and yelled at you a little. If you check the details of your insurance policy, you may find that your insurer requires you to notify them of any collision that could result in a claim for damages. It can't hurt to let them know somebody hit you in a parking lot; they won't increase your premium. If you are actually sued, or contacted by the other driver, let your insurer know right away. Most folks just think of liability insurance as "we'll pay for auto repairs", but a major component of it is to defend you (in court if necessary) if you are sued for damages arising from your ownership or operation of the insured vehicles. People love to pull this stuff. People who want to scam insurance will immediately say neck injury after a fender bender. She was probably upset and lashed out but it will blow over when the dust settles She can get all of your information from the police report. Anyone can generally sue anyone else for any reason... this is why you have insurance. If something arises hand if off to your insurance and let them handle it... that's what you pay them for. This is why you have insurance coverage. It is unlikely that she could find an attorney to sue you but anything is possible. If you get a letter advising you that she is making a claim notify your insurance. She can get your name and other information from the police report. 