 I have 50/50 custody but actually only get them about 30% of my time due to my work schedule. I might play with them for an hour once every 2 weeks online but just found out that she told them they are no longer allowed to play with me online. I know she can’t prevent them from getting a phone call from me but is she allowed to dictate who their time with me online? Her parenting time her rules. She's within her rights here.  What are you modifying? If the court orders say that you should have the kids for 50% of the time and also lays out the days and times you should have them, you don't have to do anything but start following the court orders. But your missing all of my points. You say the only change is that I have time for them now when that isn’t the case. Time is the one factor that has not changed. Location and resources is what’s different. Even if you think I am being unfairly harsh, the point remains that in custody battles, courts are often reluctant to disrupt a schedule that "works". If you appear to have been content with parenting time as it is, it will be an uphill battle to argue for a change when the only change is that you now find time to parent. I may be kind of a jerk but I really DO think that both parents should share parenting time when possible and that the modification to a 50/50 schedule for personal reasons is not likely to lead to that in the long run.  Well, considering that she was a stay at home mom and I was letting her keep the house while paying her 2/3 of my entire paycheck in spousal support and child support, I think it shows I was doing the most I could to stop from interrupting normal life for them. And since paying for a babysitter wasn’t an option (because that left me with hardly any money) them staying with their mom was a better option. Now things have changed, I only pay 1/3 of my pay and was able to buy a home close to their schools. Judge how you will but you are only getting part of the details, but I do appreciate the response to the initial answer. Choosing to "modify" parenting time around a work schedule doesn't look great when you want to increase your parenting time. Parenting means parenting even when it's inconvenient, and a court will often give more weight to the parent who parents when s/he has to rather than the parent who parents during his/her off hours. What they are saying is that, when mom has the kids, she has them. In other words, it is her time with the kids, not your time to play with them. If you want to play with them or spend more time with them, then exercise your court ordered 50% time. You have stated you can't use all of your time because of your work. But that's not mom's fault, and when she has the kids, she doesn't have to let them play with you. Ok good, I spend 100% of my allowed time with them. I just want to modify my times now that I live closer to get me up to the 50% that I should be getting. I got 50% custody but we modified the times around my work and where I lived and it ended up undercutting my time down to about 33%. So I pick them up and have them with me always during my scheduled times, it’s just not 50%. Your court appointed custody of 50% should be defined in your custody agreement as a set of hours and days the children are in your custody. Are you picking up your children for 100% of these scheduled hours? You're saying you spend 30% of the available parenting time with them. That means you are missing your scheduled parenting time, and it is a weak position to be in when you petition the court for more access.  They can play. Just not with you.  Not sure what you mean by not parenting during my time. I have custody of them on days around my work schedule but it happens to be less than my court appointed custody of 50%. Initially I lived to far away from their school to have them more time but now that I live really close I want to up my hours/days but I can’t afford a lawyer and she won’t work with me to give me more time. I tried to FaceTime and that isn’t allowed either, talking on the phone is all they are allowed to do. She tells them they can play the games, just not with you. That's how that works. During custodial time the legal custody issue won’t matter for something like this. Absent an unreasonable restriction on communication with the other parent the parent who the kid is with at that time is free to set rules about what and with who the kid can do things. Yes, she can. It may reflect poorly on her if you go back to court. But it will reflect poorly on you that you are not parenting during your parenting time (I get that you have to work, but so do many other parents, and we get childcare). Probably ok, so long as they are not stopping you from talking to each other at all during each parents time they can set rules about what games are allowed, or as here, with who they are played. Who is the decision maker? Do y'all have equal decision making abilities? Usually the primary custodian (or conservator in TX) will have the decision making authority and can set such rules. It could also be the case that they are spending too much time on video games. Have you discussed with her about perhaps setting a schedule to be able to play with the kids? What about also "facetiming" or some other visible communication with the child while playing? Understood, banning all games would be one thing but if she specifically tells them they can play, just not with me, how does that work? No. He can even visit you all the time he want in his spare time. As long as he sleeps most of the time (the required 50%) by his mom it’s ok.  Her residential time, her rules. So yes, she can. She can ban all video games if she wants. 