 Hi guys, Someone has been using my social security number to work at a coffee shop in a city 2 hours away from me. I do not file taxes because I am a student. I am really scared with this whole thing, I do not know what steps to take. Who should I contact? Any help will be appreciated.   Was this intentional to illustrate the point? Check credit and call social security, as others mention. I’d add: Never assume Malice that which can be explained by incompetence. Maybe they forgot theirs, or the hr person entered theirs in incorrectly - happened to me at my work 4 years back and took us 2 months to identify and fix her miatake (and she’d seen my actual card for the I-9) Do you live near where you were born? If so, then a lot of people around you have similar SSNs to yours, and numbers issued at about the same time used to be close to each other. Working at a coffee shop means that he/she is probably also pretty young. This could easily be a fat-finger on data entry. Also, be sure you're using the correct number. Check it against your card.  NAL -- Agree with what everyone has said and also check your credit score and accounts to make sure they haven't taken out loans or other credit in your name. They can destroy your credit without even blinking by using your name. Keep track of your financial records so you can prove that you had not used these accounts and report anything suspicious as fraud. Call IRS Keep track of Credit You could possibly find the nearest precinct to that coffee shop and request to speak to the appropriate department sergeant. Ask if you can submit proof of identity for the individual to be confronted— without the opportunity to run. Hopefully, law enforcement could handle the perpetrator while you contact the SSA and make your identity safe again.    I would contact the Social Security Administration as well as the coffee shop where the person works (although there is the risk that the person will either quit/get fired and be hard to track after that). From Google - If you do still truly suspect someone of committing a fraudulent act, you should consider reporting that individual. 1.You should begin by contacting the toll-free Social Security Administration Fraud Hotline at (800) 269-0271. 2.Remember to provide as much information as you can. 