 When my mom died last year, my dad went with the cemetery caretaker to measure out the family plot and figure out where we could bury her. My uncle, grandma, and grandpa are already buried in the plot, which was purchased to fit eight people. Upon measuring, they realized my grandparents and uncle were buried half-way down the plot (and crooked, at that) and are taking up two spaces each. Here’s a rough [drawing]() to show what I mean. They were able to fit my mom correctly in the upper right corner of the plot, but this leaves only one usable space when there should be four. For starters, I’m not sure if this is the fault of the funeral homes or cemetery. Also, how can we go about getting this remedied so we still have room for four people (my mom has three living siblings who want to be buried there, plus my dad)? I’m not sure if we have any recourse to begin with and, if we do, who do we need to go after?  Sink holes don't mean that's where the casket and vault are. Dirt shifts under the surface and actually moves the caskets/vaults. So, the sink hole could be beside of a casket or anything. Can't actually tell until you dig or run radar. (Family is 3rd generation undertakers and gravediggers) It is most likely going to fall on the cemetery unless the funeral home directed the burial staff (who could be a whole other company) to bury in the wrong space. I'm not sure how you know the graves are crooked unless you're just talking about the headstones. The first thing either of you need to determine if is there was any warranty given that this was a plot for 8 people. Yes. Assuming there aren't any free adjacent plots, reinterment may be the only practical option and OP would be very wise to consider it. This is, presumably, a different uncle from the one already interred there? If so, he can likely lean on the cemetery for the difference in value between an eight-person plot and a four-person plot. Whether the cemetery is actually liable or not is going to depend on a bunch of information around who actually organized and positioned the current burials, so he may want to come in with an attorney's advice if he's not convinced the cemetery will be willing to talk. Reinterring your family is one of several possible ways to address this. Who (or what, if it's a trust or family corporation) currently holds the contract with the cemetary?