 Hello, I signed a lease with 2 other people last October (2018) to $465 a month ($1,395 in total) a month to rent a house. One of our roommates has now decided he is moving out next week. The Landlords stance on this is the 2 of us left, have to start paying his share if the 3rd roommate leaves and stops paying. He does not care who pays what amount as long as the total is paid every month and will bring us to court and evict us if we fail to pick up his slack. What can I do here? Any and all help is appreciated very much. Good, I am glad that helped. I do understand it can be confusing. So, you have a legal duty to mitigate your damages, which means to make your own losses as small as you can. You do not have to find a replacement, but the court will expect you to try. You can't just sue for his share of the rest of the lease, and you can't sue until upi have paid his portion anyway. If you do find a new roommate, you can sue him for his share until the new one starts paying. If you do not, you can sue for the amount of time it would reasonably have taken to find a new roommate. This does not have a real formula to say how long that is, and will depend on the market, the unit and price and so on. Generally this maxes out around two months, but can go longer or shorter depending on difficulty level of actually finding someone. So start calling friends and posting on social media to see if anyone you know is looking for a place. And definitely pay the full rent ASAP. The worst outcome of this is eviction for nonpayment, so you really want to ensure the rent is paid in full every month on time.  Yeah that helped me a ton! In your opinion do I just drop the subject and try to find another roommate / pay his share or do I not back down and take him to court over it? I’m also generally curious what the worst case scenario is if I’m evicted. Would I still be forced to pay rent? Thanks a ton! -A first time renter He is, but to you. When roommates sign a lease together, them become what is called "joint and severably liable" for rent. This term means "all together or individually." You do not have three leases with the landlord, each for 1/3 of the rent. The three of you have one lease that says the lot of you - meaning people on the lease - must pay the landlord the total amount each month. The landlord can sue all three or just one for the whole amount if not paid, and if the rent goes unpaid, must evict all roommates, not just one who might not be paying. The (informal) contract that says each of you is responsible for a third is only between you and your roommates. The landlord is not a party to that agreement. So if roommate 3 does not pay, you and the remaining roommate must still pay the landlord the full amount, and pursue payment from the non-paying one. Let me put this another way: You and two friends go get a pizza. You all confirm to the waiter you wipe be sharing one large pizza for 18 dollars total. Pizza comes and you dig in. You agree to split the bill three ways. When the bill arrives, only two of you have money on you, and one refuses to pay. The shop is not going to say "ok, we will just charge you 2/3 of the pizza and/or go after the other for the other 1/3." They will say you need to come up with the full amount. So the two of you pay, then you can charge your friend who did not pay for his share -- even if he did not eat any of it, because he was one of the people who ordered it, and he confirmed he was committed to buying the pizza. So the same as the pizza shop does not care how you split the bill, the landlord does not care how you split the rent. They are owed the full amount, and if one of you does not pay, the other(s) must make it up. This is a very basic tenant of rental law, and something you should make sure you better understand here. When you sign a lease with other people, you ate essentially co-signing for all others that promises you will cover their portion if they fail to pay. This is not the only thing that is important to understand about joint leases, but it is definitely one of the big ones to fully understand. Does this help make sense of it? I guess my main question is if he just leaves, why is he no longer responsible for the amount? Does this mean I could simply move out and dump my rent onto the last person? (I would never do this but as a hypothetical) How it works is if you all collectively are on one lease, then the collective or individual can be held liable to the landlord for the full amount of rent. If you have individual leases, then you can only be held to what your own lease states.   $465 a month to split the rent 3 ways. I don't know who "they" are, but it doesn't matter. IMHO, that's insufficient to create a RM contract for rent-sharing. There’s nothing else that’s solid. Essentially they told me they want someone who can afford $465 a month to split the rent 3 ways. Sorry if I’m not much help but it’s all I have. I think you're missing the issue. The dispute between you and your ex-RM cannot necessarily be resolved by consulting the lease. Sorry. There’s nothing to my knowledge besides the lease which states that the tenants agree to pay $1,395 a month.  That feels like an evasion of my question. Did you, or did you not, have an explicit agreement about your ex-RM paying rent through the full term of the lease? Yes, all 3 of us signed with the expectation we would split the rent 3 ways, and the ex-rm called the landlord and they said if the total amount is not paid, he will take all 3 of us to court for an eviction and the ex-rm is now using this as leverage since he will already be moved out.  With respect to your ex-RM, did you have an explicit (not necessarily written) agreement about splitting the rent for the duration of the lease? You should because you can't sue for damages you don't have. Until you have to pay the rent for him, you have no damages.  Leases usually specify that tenants have to pay jointly or separately, unless it’s a student housing situation where you are renting your room and access to a common area. That being the case, you are liable for your roommate’s portion of the rent, but you are also able to sue him in small claims court if he breaks the lease. Alternately, if your landlord allows it, you can look into subletting his room. Check your lease and see how it’s worded, but it’s likely you’re on the hook.  Do I have to wait until the lease is over and paid for to sue him for the amount? Thanks Unless you have a lease stating that you are responsible for $465/mo, then you are collectively responsible for $1395. The landlord doesn't care where the $1395 comes from, he just wants to get paid. Short term, you need to come up with the difference. Whether that's from taking up a part time job, finding a new roommate to assume his portion of the lease, or begging to family is up to you, but if you can't come up with the extra money you WILL be evicted and it will be nearly impossible for you to rent again for the foreseeable future. Longer term, you can sue the roommate for the extra money you have to pay as a result of his breaking the lease, and you are virtually guaranteed to win a judgement against him barring a very small set of mitigating circumstances. Does your lease say $465 a month or does it say $1395 a month? If you are all under the same lease for $1395 then you are all liable for that amount every month. You can pay the rent you agreed to in your lease or be evicted. If your roommate stops paying rent, you can pay their share through the end of the lease and then sue them for the amount you had to pay on their behalf.  If you’re all on the same lease, to avoid being evicted, you and your remaining roommate need to pay his share and then sue him for that amount in small claims court. Is this still true if we are all on one lease and not separate leases? Thanks You can sue the tenant leaving in small claims for his amount as long as he is on the lease as well. Even if not living there he is still responsible for the duration of the lease.