 This is a bizarre case and a very long, complicated story but I genuinely need legal advice and the details here matter because it's not a cut and dry case. Let me begin by saying that I DO have a lawyer on this and his advice has been - "this will most likely go away, most things do" but it hasn't gone away, I don't actually think it WILL go away and even if it does, I wouldn't be able to be at peace knowing that the organization will just do this again to someone else. I want a second legal opinion, as it were. First of all, it must be understood that our property manager and landlord are different entities. Technically the home in question is a historic home which is owned by the township where we live. So the township is the landlord. The property manager is a non-profit 501(c)3 organization which has its own lease with the township for the house and is meant to be accomplishing its mission of preserving and honoring the local history of the area by holding events at the houses (there are 4), welcoming townspeople to those events, and keeping up the houses by employing caretakers who also pay to live in them. My husband and I are caretakers for one such historic home in New Jersey. Technically, my husband is employed by the organization/property manager to perform light duties like mowing the lawn and setting up for events. In exchange, he is paid $10/hour up to 20 hours per month, plus a $75/month stipend, which ensures that we do things like let them know if there has been vandalism, let them know if a window breaks, and just incentive for people to live here in the first place. We have lived here for nearly 3 years and have a long written (email) history of being excellent, patient, and helpful tenants even when our landlord has been delinquent or ineffective, of which there are many instances. To name just a few of those instances, we have been forced to accept temperatures of 40 degrees (I have photos of the thermostat) inside our apartment for over 48 hours after repeatedly alerting our landlord and property manager of the problem. This problem is repeated on a bi-annual basis because the landlord refuses to replace the ineffective electric units, which are not big or powerful enough to heat or cool the entire house AND must be "switched over" before each extreme season. "Switched over" means jerryrigged by an outside company which spends hours working on the system, telling us that we need a new system, which we tell the property manager and landlord, and they ignore because of the cost. We have also been forced to accept temperatures of over 90 degrees inside our apartment, but there are no laws protecting tenants from heat, only from the cold. Either way, they don't seem to care. Another instance includes our repeated calls to post signage on the property, alerting people driving up that the house is not, in fact, a museum and they cannot use our backyard for a picnic, our front porch for sunset watching, and they cannot just wander into the downstairs kitchen or the barn because they felt like it. When the Board of Trustees was alerted to this, one board member asked why our door wasn't locked (I was inside at the time) and another said she could understand why it's annoying but that it's not a big deal. I've brought this issue up several times and been promised a sign. There is no sign. The final instance addresses the property manager as an employer, which they are desperate to convince everyone they should be regarded as for reasons you will soon find out. According to the Department of Labor, we are meant to be paid every two weeks for the invoices we submit bi-weekly for the hourly work we do. It is February 21st and we have not received a check since November. This is entirely common behavior - often, we receive months of backpay all at once though we submitted invoices mostly on time. (If we're late with invoices, we are late by a few days or a week at most). This also means that we do not get reimbursed for the things we purchase for events like toilet paper and paper towels to stock the downstairs public restrooms or the cleaning products we purchase to clean downstairs before events. We have stopped doing special projects like fixing up the outside shutters that keep breaking or the fence by the entrance because we can't afford to purchase wood and tools and hardware if we don't know when we'll get reimbursed. Oh and also they didn't send our W2 over until the second week of February, AFTER I asked about it. We occupy the second floor, which is a one-bedroom apartment, and have been paying $1,400/month rent, which, according to the HUD is above or at-market rent. This information is also important for later. HUD: 2016 Fair Market Rental Rates: $1,254 2017: $1,296 2018: $1,268 2019: $1,360 [\_code/2019summary.odn]() Now onto the issue. In early December, I received a text message from the President of the Board of Trustees, (the property manager) requesting a sit-down meeting the next day. I refused and stated that I wanted our conversation in writing and requested that she email me her issue. After a short back and forth, I asked if we needed to be looking for a place to live and she said that that WAS the issue but that she wanted to handle it more gently. She then stated "we can't have minors living in the house." She and the rest of the board found out I was pregnant in October through email when I told them following one of the many many instances of the property manager being terrible at their job. She then asked "when are you due?" and I stupidly told her April. I told her there was no need for a meeting now and ended the conversation and then cried for a literal hour in and out of my husband's arms. We got a lawyer friend to advise us immediately and he located a state statute that basically said that you can't kick someone out of their house for being pregnant or even for having a child in the first place whether they're in your employ or a tenant in your property. It violates Familial Discrimination regardless of employment status. You also can't terminate an employee for becoming pregnant either. I felt better knowing there was a real law seeming to protect us. Our lawyer said the best case scenario is he calls the Board President/property manager and tells her as much, and she says "oh" and then the whole thing goes away and we get to stay in our home. He said most matters end with people "shutting up and going home" and that he was confident this would too. He called the president the next day and it did not go well. She "exploded on him" yelling that we don't have any rights as tenants and that there is a "Supreme Court case proving" as much and they ended the conversation because it wasn't going anywhere good. He then called me to get the number of the landlord -- the Township -- which I did. Eventually he spoke to the Township Manager and Township Attorney and had a better conversation and it seemed then that the issue would go away. In the meantime our lawyer quickly found the "Supreme Court Case" the president mentioned, which was a NJ Superior Court case, didn't have a THING to do with a tenant becoming pregnant and seemed to be different from our situation in every single way. That case stated that the tenant, who had lived in one of the houses (not ours, a different one) was paying far below market rent, was keeping a bunch of shit in parts of the house he shouldn't have (we can't keep things or furniture in the attic, barn, or first floor), and was not performing his duties as caretaker. It DEFINITELY didn't prove (as was suggested) that we don't have any rights. We received a letter addressed to the property manager stating that the actions taken were not legal, that the Superior Court case had nothing to do with this matter, their actions would not hold up in court, and we could go there if they wanted. The holidays came and went as peacefully as they could have. In late January, we received a letter from an attorney representing the property manager. It stated that our housing was "provided to us" as caretaker and our right to the housing is conditional on employment. Basically saying that if we didn't work for the organization then we couldn't live there, which is true. However, I don't know that housing is in any way provided to us when we are paying fair market rent. They can't have it both ways. The letter also stated that we are in violation of our lease which says that we can't have minors living in the premises. Then it essentially says that the clause isn't meant to discriminate but rather for safety purposes for the child and for the house and the things inside the house. Apparently the organization thinks that the human woman living in the house is about to give birth to a full sized golden retriever who is going to mess up the house. And THEN it said that my husband and I needed to "formally state our intentions as to \[our\] continued employment so that \[the property manager\] can find a replacement for the continued care and protection of the property." Our lawyer responded to that letter by saying "I don't know what you mean by formally state their intentions so give me a call and we can talk about it". It also basically said (paraphrasing) "my clients are about to have their first kid so probably their intention is to not become homeless and unemployed". (We have other jobs obviously but still, random quarterly payments from the organization is something.) The lawyer for the property manager never called him and sent a letter that I just got today. THIS LETTER says that the property manager wants "to secure a definite decision and date as to the intentions of \[me and my husband\]...as to what \[we\] intend to do regarding the restriction in the Employment Contract and when \[we\] intend to do it." It said that the property manager hired the firm after receiving the letter before the holidays (so, outside of the township attorney, township manager, and those conversations and probably without their knowledge as the true landlord of this residence) and their reasoning for wanting to know our intentions includes "the \[property manager\] is responsible for following all policies, objectives, laws, and regulations that affect its mission, its non-profit status, and its obligations under various statutes, ordinances and grant contracts, etc." YOU MEAN LIKE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES AND NOT DISCRIMINATING YOU MEAN LIKE THAT???? I'm PRETTY SURE that to maintain a 501(c)3 status you have to be an equal employment opportunity employer and can't do things like discriminate and break the law. I'M NOT A LAWYER OR ANYTHING BUT... The maraschino cherry on the top of this arrogant, scathing letter is, "As to whether \[the caretakers\] become homeless or jobless is entirely up to them...The fact that their child's due date is now imminent is SOLELY the result of their decisions and inaction and NOT the actions or decisions of \[the property manager\]. Therefore, \[the property manager\] once again is requesting that \[they\] immediately advise \[property manager\] as to their intentions regarding the duty and obligation to abide by the restrictive provision in the \[lease agreement\]." My lawyer told me, regarding this last letter, that he's not going to respond, that not responding doesn't look bad, and that there is still a chance that this could go away. I think that's kind of ridiculous considering how overzealous their side has been already and the fact that the board president is obviously the driving force behind this and seems rather tenacious about throwing (the soon to be three of) us out in the literal cold. The property manager seems to want to be regarded as an employer, and my husband as their employee, but they don't pay him on time ever, they reached out to his wife to ask personal questions about her medical status, and they are threatening to terminate his employment SOLELY because he is about to have a child. If they were to be regarded as a landlord, then they have violated the Fair Housing Act, are threatening eviction on the basis of Familial Discrimination, and also they suck at basic things like making sure we have heat and that random people aren't walking into our house and barn because they won't alter the pre-existing lawn sign. Me? I'm at a loss. I don't know what else to do. I submitted a complaint to the ACLU to get some more advice but I want more advice than that. I want to know if we have a case for discrimination, I want to know what that process is like, and I want to know all of that because even if and when my husband and I DO move, or are kicked out of here, I don't want the property manager to be able to do this EVER again to anyone else. Because it's illegal. If they want the law to reflect the things they want it to reflect, they need to lobby to change the law. But as far as I can tell from research, as far as I can find - the law is the law and it doesn't include historic homes OR "I'm an employer, not a landlord" as reasons to violate the Familial Discrimination clause of the Fair Housing Act. But what do I know. I'm just a terrified pregnant chef.  One thing you need to consider however is, they can’t kick you out and you will have your child, the cold in that house is very cold and children get sick easily, so another issue is you need a solution for heating  I think a lot of landlords count on tenants not knowing their rights or being too afraid to challenge them. Or they are just ignorant of laws themselves and think that if they put in the lease it must be binding  Yes, my name is on the lease. Both of our names are on the lease. The lease period ended March 2017 with the agreement in the lease that anytime after that period would be considered month-to-month. We are guided by and protected under the lease even though the period ended, it's just that now either party can terminate the lease with 60 days notice. However, if they did that now, it would be viewed as them kicking us out for being pregnant and that violates state and federal laws. It does matter how much we pay only because of the court case they brought up, which was a case involving their foundation. In that case, the tenant paid below market rent to live in the house and take care of it. That was considered, in the opinion of the judge, to make his housing conditional, specifically because he was paying rent far below market. That's not the case for us, which is why I think they would have trouble proving that they provide us with anything at all. A NJ lawyer said as much when I crossposted this on the New Jersey subreddit - that our situation is unusual but not dissimilar from a regular landlord paying a tenant to shovel the driveway, for example.  You can be provided housing, and still pay rent. Your husband is provided the ability to live in the apartment because he is employed by the agency. They are not mutually exclusive. Employment = tenancy, tenancy = continued employment. Rent is set at whatever you agree to in your lease, fair-market rate or not. They could have charged you $5 or $5000 - the amount you pay in rent doesn't change whether you are considered an employee whose tenancy hinges on employment, or just a regular tenant. I'm not a lawyer, but I think employment supersedes tenancy in this instance - if they fired your husband 6 months ago before they new you were pregnant, I think the results would be the same. However, is your name also on the lease, or just your husbands? If your name is on the lease, and you aren't employed as you stated, they may have shot themselves in the foot (at least in my mind) in the whole employment-as-condition-of-tenancy thing. When does your current lease agreement end? Thank you for this.  You are absolutely correct, except for the part where we pay rent. The clause you’re referring to addresses supers and caretakers who are provided housing as part of their employment. We are not “provided” with housing whatsoever, we pay rent and are therefore protected by laws that protect people who pay rent. At least, that’s what I would argue if I were a lawyer, which I am not.  It’s used for events maybe six times a year. Hasn’t been used since October 2018. But I see your point.  No the lawyer is handling this correctly. The property manager is trying to provoke OP into declaring intent to leave, because they know that they're on shaky ground. That's where this funny "state your intentions" nonsense is coming from. They're trying to avoid evicting OPs family. If they actually issue a notice of eviction, then and only then can OPs lawyer act. The lawyer can have an estoppel issue quick smart which will halt the eviction and sue their asses off. Until then they're just blustering. Responding to them is a waste of time and money.  Just a clarification: are you an employee of the 501(c)(3) organization, or just your husband? That is - do they write YOU personally a paycheck? Do you recieve tax documents (like a w2)? If you are an employee per the definitions of your state then ignore everything I say below. It's a small thing compared to the other issues, but I think the other issues may depend on your employment status with the organization. If only your husband is an employee, you personally have no protections in that respect - your status as a tenant/caretaker of the house has absolutely no bearing on whether they can fore your husband. They can fire someone all they want - whether his wife is pregnant or not (and even potentially because she is pregnant). There are no protections for someone with a spouse who is expecting. Now, I'm definitely not a lawyer - and I would trust your lawyer over any advice you get on the internet - but if your agreement to live in the apartment is contingent on employment, and only your husband is an employee, I don't see how you have much, if any, protection. They can fire him, and your lease ends with him.  You have a very unique situation, but I would think the major question is, are you tenants, or are you care takers? That might make a big difference. Hud fair pricing is just the recommended pricing, you pay for what you sign the lease for. Listen to your lawyer, but I honestly think if it goes to court, they will side with the township. The property is a historic property that is used for public events, it doesn't seem to be a private residence. You signed an agreement to be a caretaker for the property, and also understood by signing that agreement that minors are not allowed. Courts usually side with municipalities, and in this case I'd imagine they will do the same. Many contracts contain illegal clauses. They're written by lawyers (maybe), not by judges.  That’s so weird I would expect a lease to be, at the least!!! Legal. I DID post this before, the second after I had the initial text convo with the board President. Everyone was like “uhhhh get a lawyer” so that’s what I did. And now I’m seeking a second opinion. Both here and in life. What I want to know is if we have a case for discrimination. Only that will protect future tenants placed in the same situation.  A lot of leases have a lot of illegal clauses. Just because they write it doesn’t mean it’s true. You’ve posted this before though, haven’t you? I have definitely read this narrative before on this sub. If it wasn’t you someone else has had literally the exact same issue and you should go check out that post. But mostly - you have a lawyer working for you. Trust in them. If you’re not feeling like you can trust in them, seek out a second opinion. It seems to be your lawyers opinion that the law is on your side, so if the landlord/manager try to move forward with evicting/firing you, they’re gonna have a bad time in court  Yes it says “minors shall not be allowed to reside.” I didn’t think to check my lease when my husband and I got pregnant because I live in America and figured if I wanted to start a family, it wouldn’t be illegal.  You have to start regarding these communications from them as noise that is not your problem. When and if eviction paperwork shows up, it’s your lawyer’s job to handle it. Until then, you live there and they are screwed in a couple of different ways (as they should be), so sit tight. Does your lease agreement with them actually say anything about children? IMO, I would get a different lawyer... It sounds like this one does not really want to deal with this case... From what I am seeing you probably have a hell of a case, you might end up owning the house by the time you are done. But you are way beyond Reddit's help here, this is shark of a lawyer time. You have a lawyer working for you. Take your lawyer's advice on this, and keep in communication with him if you or he receives any more communication from the property manager, but otherwise, don't discuss this any further with your property manager. If they try to bring it up again, refer them to your lawyer. Otherwise, keep up with sending them your rent payments and invoices like you always have. It might be unsettling given the communication you're receiving from the property manager, but the reason your lawyer is telling you to sit tight is that he is confident that there is absolutely no legal way that they can evict you from the property. You might want to ensure you have some backup place to stay if your property manager does something excessively stupid like locking you out of your home and changing the locks, but if that happens, a call to your lawyer would probably make that situation a temporary one as well. For someone who has a lot of complains about the apartment which, according to HUD is above or at-market rent, you sure want to stay there badly.