  I want to start a clothing line using a website like everpress, but they seem to use branded t shirts, I don't want the t shirts to say american apparel or any other brand than my own That's not a clothing line. That's just you selling merch. Sure, but your options for that are to have your clothing branded with their brands or to make a deal with them to remove their labels and apply yours. But it's illegal for you to remove their labels and replace them with your own. They aren't your clothes. You didn't design them. You may have designed a logo or a print that goes on them, but you didn't design the clothing itself. That is what a clothing line is. Youtubers (for the most part) don't have clothing lines, they have merch created by a 3rd party.  There's plenty of clothing lines which manufacture their clothes through 3rd party websites. Yeah that's exactly it, there's a website that's used by many bands for merch. I want to use it to put my own designs on it and sell as a my clothing line It should not be a problem if you make a correct label that conforms to the law. Gildan bought American Apparel a couple years ago, here is their stance on labeling. ? Gildan does not actively manufacture products with other brands labels inserted. We produce garments bearing our own labels: Gildan®, ANVIL®, Comfort Colors®, Alstyle® and Gold Toe® brands. We also offer quite a selection of styles with garment labels which can easily be torn away, allowing easier personalization of the end products however in many countries, we need to have a PERMANENT label sewn in. Taken from here, You might follow up with them just so you can have something in writing, but they seem open to the idea of people removing and applying their own labels.  Do you mean put like logos and graphics on a plain T-shirt? That you can absolutely do. You can buy bulk shirts especially for this purpose don’t bother buying them at a regular store if you go this route.  A clothing line is not created through a 3rd party website. To start a clothing line you actually have to make clothing or have a deal with a company like American Apparel. You can't rebrand someone else's clothing line and call it your clothing line.  Fraud. 