 This happened four weeks ago. A friend and I attended a hockey game and then met up with a group of friends afterwards for more drinks. I was pretty beat after work and the game so I didn't end up drinking much and wasn't really feeling the bar we ended up at. I unfortunately ended up staying around until last call and that's been a regret since. My one "friend" we met up with, who is considerably bigger than me, had way too much to drink and was out of his mind drunk by the end of the night. A few of my friends started play fighting (innocently pushing each other around) outside of the bar when we were about to part ways, and he went after me while I was pretending to break two friends up. He pulled me over to where he likely assumed was a pile of snow (it was actually sheer ice because of the temperature), picked me up quickly before I could slip out, and forcefully slammed me onto the ice. I hit the ground hard and immediately jumped up winded. Everyone started freaking out at him because it was over the top, totally unwarranted, and not the first time he's gotten drunk and violent. Once I caught my breath I felt my right shoulder and noticed my collar bone was sticking up. Long story short - the guy who did it showed no remorse because he thought I was faking it and fucked off, and I had two friends drive me to the hospital. Turned out he separated my shoulder (Grade 2 AC Separation) from the blow to the ice. Ligaments that hold down my collarbone were completely severed and nothing's holding it down anymore. The next week was probably the worst week of my life in terms of pain and complete disbelief what happened, and everything's been pretty surreal since. I had my third physiotherapy session just last night and I have full range of motion again (still with slight pain) and I've been cleared for the gym but with much lighter weights. Physiotherapist says I won't be able to properly do overhead lifting or push-ups again without my shoulder popping and grinding. I have an appointment with a shoulder specialist at the end of January to discuss possible surgery, but apparently surgeons don't touch AC Separations below a grade three because lesser grades heal well (albeit the damaged ligaments and collarbone disfigurement). I could likely convince the specialist to hear me out because of the circumstances of the situation (assault) and because of my age - I'm 25 so that's a lifetime of shoulder discomfort ahead. However, the surgery is pretty brutal and would put me in a reinforced sling for six weeks. It's my dominant arm so that would essentially put my life on hold for the recovery. I wouldn't give a shit about my shoulder if it had a cooler story behind it or was from a sports injury, but this is pretty pathetic and it was out of my hands completely. The guy had too much to drink, took things too far, and permanently disfigured my shoulder. I did literally nothing to instigate the attack and I've been pretty depressed about all of this. Is there anything I can do? Is it too late? The guy has no money to his name and I've been back and forth on this waiting to see if I get over it. I'm leaning towards not even bothering trying to request surgery now just because of how I've healed and because of how long the recovery is, but that still leaves me with a nasty lump on my shoulder with constant popping and grinding. The guy's offered to pay for physio but I feel like he needs a bigger wake-up call than that. I have five witnesses who were there and who would 100% back me in this, but I don't think there would be surveillance footage. I also have the hospital visit and x-ray from that night. Any advice or insight would be greatly appreciated! Thanks in advance. Considering the amount of physical damage done, you may want to consider going to the police and reporting it as an assault. With all the physician records and your witnesses, it sounds like an easy win for any prosecutor. That will wake him up for sure. Yes, the two year limitation applies to claims in Alberta.  Thanks for this - I really appreciate it. I'm thinking I'll see what the specialist says at the end of the month and then go from there. If he straight up refuses surgery then I'll likely take action. Is that rule of two years pretty universal? I'm in Alberta, Canada. You can talk to a personal injury lawyer but they might be wary of taking on a case where the defendant has no assets. You can definitely sue for assault and battery. And garnish his wages for basically the rest of his life. Even bankruptcy will not discharge a debt that arises from a deliberate assault. Whatever you decide, keep in mind that you generally only have two years to start a lawsuit. 