 As the title says, it has been 30 days since i moved out of my apartment and my landlord has yet to give me my deposit back or send me a bill for any damages. He doesn't respond to any form of contact what so ever. If im not mistaken he had 21 days from move out in WA state. What are my options to recoup my deposit if he keeps ghosting me. He sent me an email asking for my forwarding address prior to move out which i did respond to. Its just weird he wont answer his phone or emails even though that has never been a problem. I did not however do a move-in condition checklist when i moved in. That was probably stupid on my part for not even thinking about that. Alright well thanks for the reply. Ill send a demand letter and see if i can get a reply. I been trying to get a hold of him for 2 weeks now.  You are correct that a Washington State landlord has just 21 days to return your deposit or an itemized written statement describing the amounts being with-held. The only exception to that duty is if you did not give the landlord a forwarding address in writing. Did you get a written, signed inspection/move-in condition checklist when you moved in ? If not, the landlord cannot with-hold any of your deposit. Did you and your landlord perform a condition inspection when you moved out ? The recourse is small claims court. Step one is usually to write a "demand letter". Keep it simple: state when you moved out, what inspections were performed, the condition of the apartment, and that you want your deposit returned promptly. Give your forwarding address and contact information. Send it certified mail and wait a week. If there's no response, file a small claims suit. Washington State allows tenants to request the costs of filing and service of the small claims suit, and a judge may decide to award up to 2x the refund due as a penalty if they decide that the landlord unreasonably with-held the deposit. While failure to send the deposit within 21 days is a necessary element, it does not create bad faith by itself. Usually a delay, plus failure to respond to a demand letter, will do the trick. The Tenants Union of Washington State has a nice guide to writing the demand letter and filing the suit. thanks. It was just 500. Can i sue for more then that since i had to wait?  You can sue him in small claims, assuming it's under $5000.