 I'm leaving in just a few days but I still need my legal documents which my mother is refusing to give me. I do have an audio recording of her admitting to having them and admitting to withholding them. I also have a learner's permit for an ID. I did a bit of research on how to get them on my own but I don't know if I can easily get my birth certificate as I was born in England and live in the US. Would I have to contact an embassy of some sort? I moved young enough to where I have dual citizenship. Are there fees involved if so how much would I be looking at? This next part is a bit of a complicated issue so please if you need more info ask in the comments I'll be answering until I fall asleep in a few hours. I'm home-schooled and have been taught by my mother but given the circumstances of me leaving she's not going to graduate me. Would it be possible for my father to get me a diploma legally? He's the "headmaster" of our little home-school academy. I have very little info on this and my mom is essentially holding this over my head to try to force me to stay home. I know I can get a GED but a high-school diploma is much more widely accepted and will make things easier. Another bit of info is they're going to be getting divorced shortly but haven't taken any steps to start it yet. Next month my father will be moving to his own apartment away from her and I'm fairly sure she restricted his access to all the schooling info/sites. The last question I have would be about setting up a new current residence location. Twice. I really have no clue where to start, how would I go about getting proof of residency? Could I simply order something off amazon in my name? Also is there any sort of legal limit on how fast/many times I can change residence? I'm sorry to trouble you r/legaladvice I just don't have the time to research this at the moment, thank you in advance. Footnote: I live in Missouri currently, I'd be moving to New York and then to Kansas in a few more months. TL:DR How do I get a birth certificate if I was born in another country, can my father get me a diploma if he had no part in teaching me before this point and is there legal restriction on how often I can change residency? 