 SO was involved in a car accident recently. Its a road she travels frequently. She has a stop sign and was trying to cross a two lane road and go straight. The speed limit is 35 mph for the main road. It was raining heavy and there was fog. SO states that she looked left/right many times and proceeded forward. Well next thing you know she gets hit by a car. Kind of hard to tell how fast driver was going, there are no cameras, and no witnesses were there when police got there. Police ticketed SO with a minor misdemeanor for failure to yield. Wondering if we should pay this and move on or hire a traffic attorney to fight it somehow. Maybe avoid points or reduce fine if thats possible. This was in Ohio by the way. Found this which could be used as a defense: The other vehicle sped up suddenly just as you entered the intersection, creating a hazard where none should have reasonably existed (people really do this!). The officer should have told them that they would need to show up to testify if they wanted her prosecuted.  The other driver didn't get ticketed though I think. Will he know to show up? Have her go to court. If the other driver doesn’t show up, the ticket will be dismissed since no one who witnessed the accident was there. If the other driver does show, she pretty much guaranteed to be convicted though. An attorney will cost you so much more than the ticket. Plead No Contest, pay the fine and be done with it. Ohio has a deferred ticket option: If you have not received a moving violation in the previous 12 months, you can take a defensive Driving Course to have the ticket and the points dismissed. Info here: In Ohio, defensive driving courses or traffic school is referred to as a remedial driving instruction course. They are approved by the OH Bureau of Motor Vehicles (BMV). These courses are designed for drivers in the state of Ohio that have a traffic citation they would like to have dismissed, and have received either a court's or a judge's approval to complete a course. The purpose of the course is NOT to remove points from your driving record but rather to keep points from being applied to your driving record as a result of a traffic violation. []() I almost never advise clients to incur the costs for an attorney in traffic court, unless a criminal charge is associated with the citation. You can really handle this on your own. An attorney isn't likely to get you a better outcome, especially if a reduction is based solely on the review of your SO's driving record.  Thanks. No tickets in last 5 years. Would we need to hire a lawyer or just go on our own? You will likely be more successful in having the citation reduced to a lower infraction simply based on your SO's good driving record, if it's clean. Unless there is a way to verify that the other vehicle actually sped up, your SO's word alone is not substantial evidence. 