 Was advised to post this here from r/personalfinance Yes, I know I should've bought renter's insurance, hindsight is always 20/20. I'm a college student, living in my first apartment, and I turned off the heat in my apartment before going on winter break because I thought that if there was no one living in the apartment, there would be no point in wasting gas right? Apparently a pipe froze and broke, and since I was the last to leave the apartment, I don't see taking this to court as a good idea. I did not know that pipes could freeze and break during the wintertime if the heat isn't on, but my boyfriend said that this is common sense and people generally know that. Clearly not common sense enough for me to know about it, and now I feel really stupid. Nobody told me that this could happen, and there's no clause in the lease that said I had to keep the place above a certain temperature, so I was absolutely clueless. My landlord told me they're expecting upwards of $20k for repairs, and I am absolutely losing my mind. For context on the extent of damages that I know about: 1. Small hallway of my apartment was flooded, about the size of 2 foldable tables. The baseboards had to be removed and fans were brought in to dry. The flooring is entirely laminate. 2. My apartment is situated above a two-car carport, and all of the drywall had to be taken out and replaced as well as I think the wood that's inside those walls. Attached to the carport are two closet sized spaces that I think also were replaced. Is $20k a reasonable amount of money for this type of repair? My mom told me to work on somehow lowering the cost so that we don't have to pay as much. She is unemployed and rents out one house, and I work a part-time, minimum wage job at my university, so we don't have a lot of income. We've been living off my dad's life insurance payoff, and it isn't a lot, so I really hope there's something, anything I can do. I feel like I'm going to be financially fucked and if only I knew that turning off the heat was a bad idea, I wouldn't be in this situation. Other things to add: 1. I live in Colorado 2. Lease states that any repairs that are needed "due to negligence" are to be covered by the resident. 3. Landlord has stated that their insurance won't cover the cost of repairs, however I have been told that it is possible they are lying to me. 4. My apartment building is kinda like a house that's been partitioned into separate units, and my unit is not interior, 75% of the walls face outside. 5. My mom is a cosigner on the lease. I already plan on contacting an attorney tomorrow, but I'm hoping to also glean some advice from this sub. Is there any way I can minimize the financial damage or liability? I imagine it would be hard to minimize liability in this case. You cannot minimize liability. You were negligent. You can try to discuss a payment plan or a lower settlement amount, but that will be at their discretion. You can definitely request to see the quotes on repair, but 20k for flood and plumbing damage seems reasonable.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.