 My wife works a large financial company that has a field office in Illinois. She is 7 months pregnant and planning on taking the company maternity leave of 3 months when the baby is born. Her plan is to go back to work after the leave. My wife doesn't love the role she's in now so she's been taking on extra responsibilities and working on projects outside her normal scope of work. She was recently contacted by a director at home-office that she's done a few projects for, who let her know that there is a position opening up on her team that she would love my wife to apply to. This would be a fairly large promotion for my wife and would be much more ideal for her (and also even involves the ability to work from home quite a bit). She let the director know that she was pregnant and planning on taking leave in 2 months but would love to be considered if the timing worked out. The director told her to apply and that they could make it work if she got the role. The policy at the company is that you need to make sure your manager knows if you apply to any internal roles as they will need to potentially start forecasting for new headcount. My wife is a Senior level on her team and her manager has always been unsupportive of her looking at other roles since she doesn't want her to leave the team. My wife was expecting the same lack of support but didn't really care because of the relationship she has with the other director. However, this time her manager started grilling her on her leave and how she needs to be able to guarantee that she's coming back full time if she wants to apply to the role. She said if there's any chance she might not come back then she should rescind her application. She also said that even if my wife doesn't apply for that other role, she needs to give her a guarantee that she's coming back because "I can't sit with a vacant seat for 3 months and then find out you aren't returning". Apparently in the past someone took leave and then left the company after and now the manager feels that, since I have the ability to support my family without my wife working, my wife will do the same. My wife assured her manager that she is planning on coming back, but from the way the conversation went on (15 minutes of the manager trying to get her to admit she might not come back) my wife is really upset. After the conversation her manager told her that if she's absolutely sure she's going to return then she could apply. But now my wife thinks the manager might sabotage her chance to get the promotion by telling the other decision makers that my wife might not come back. I know an employer can't ask a potential employee if they're planning on having kids, but is this situation covered under that same law? This is obviously a different scenario since my wife already works for the company and they already have her leave approved. Also- as a bonus question: Their busy season is Nov and Dec so her boss told employees to work on the company-paid holidays around Thanksgiving and Christmas. I know this is fine but she also told them to not code the hours worked but instead "bank" them as floating holidays to take later once it’s not so busy. The way she handles this is keeping track of who has floating holidays in a notebook and then allowing them to take a day off while still coding 8 hours worked. I think this is illegal since it has caused my wife to miss out on being paid OT during those busy "holiday" weeks where she works extra – ex: 45 actual hours worked but only shows 37 + 8 holiday hours. I've had her keep all the communication from her boss directing the team to do this just in case down the road. Is this actually something that's illegal, and how big of a deal is it, if so? My wife thinks it's the manager's ignorance as opposed to maliciousness in these instances and no one realizes that it's an issue. (My wife didn't realize anything was wrong since she gets to bank that PTO, until I pointed out the missing OT pay) Therefor my wife doesn't want to pursue this, but if the manager does end up sabotaging the promotion, I feel like she should pursue it if it's actually something that is illegal.  In her division maybe 30, but in the office for that company around 100 across the divisions. Also there are 2 Other offices in the Chicagoland area that total around 4-500 people I think you dropped your throwaway. In her division maybe 30, but in the office for that company around 100 across the divisions. Also there are 2 Other offices in the Chicagoland area that total around 4-500 people How many employees work at her location and how long has she worked there?