 Ok so I went to Memphis last night for a friend’s birthday. We went to this one bar and on our way in they are searching everyone’s belongings. They check my purse and the bouncer immediately snatched up 3 of my prescription medications from my purse. He said we have to leave all prescriptions at the front and we can get them when we leave. So obviously this never happens so I wasn’t thinking about remembering to get my prescriptions on the way out. I understand it’s Memphis and they may be concerned about people selling pills or something but how in the hell is this legal? I live an hour away and I called the bar this morning before I left to ask if I could get them back. The woman told me yeah tomorrow. ???? Like if I had a heart condition or was psychotic or diabetic or something this would be an absolute necessity to get these medications back. How is this legal? I cannot comprehend any reasons as to what gives them the authority to take someone’s medicine.  Thanks!  OP, I’m glad you got your meds back. I’m the one whose mother is a pharmacist, though she isn’t licensed in TN. Her advice, which she admits is overly cautious but frankly that’s better than being careless: do not consume the pills. Adderall comes in both pill form and capsule form and either can be tampered with (capsules are easier to tamper with though) so take them into a local pharmacy. Tell them your story and see what they can do for you. Maybe they can do something to get you a safe supply until your next refill. They may not be able to do anything but at the very least, the pharmacist will know TN’s controlled substance laws better than any strangers on the internet, as well as likely knowing how the local police and state’s attorneys tend to apply those laws. They’re a good source of free advice. It was Adderall. That’s a C2. The mens rea would be “every time you get a scrip from your doctor or pick it up from any major pharmacy chain, you should be reminded about how it is illegal for you to give this medication to anyone else, for any reason. Keep this medication safe, probably best not to tell people you take it, this is highly addictive and oh did I mention this drug is in the same schedule as cocaine?? Therefore, you knew giving this prescription to anyone was illegal and you did it anyways.” You have to show ID to pick up the scrip. You have to routinely go back to your doctor just for a refill. There are waiting periods for refills (so like if you got a 30 day supply filled 5 days ago, you can’t get another 30 day supply today). It’s a big deal. OP had to know what a big deal this was.  Anyone know what the mens rea is for the "distribution" of prescription medicine? Because unless it's strict liability, I doubt a prosecutor would 1) bring that case or 2) be able to prove it.  Also sounds like a fantastic excuse for a real drug deal. "No your honor, they forced me to give them drugs in exchange for goods and services." Yeah I mean I can understand all of that and I wouldn’t have even gone in if it was up to me but I was with friends and everyone else was going in and Memphis is really dangerous and we were downtown so I wasn’t gonna be stuck by myself bc I couldn’t get in or didn’t want to give them my prescriptions so it was kind of my only option. I don’t understand how this isn’t illegal though; because those are personal property and also controlled substances. I get that, well “you’re the one who wanted to go in there and you could’ve chose not to” is also a point that could be made but like I said I would’ve been stranded alone had I not gone in. I am able to fly with prescriptions and get into anywhere else with them so I don’t understand how they are able to take our prescriptions without proper authority. Furthermore, they snatched them up as soon as I opened my purse and already began giving them to the person behind the counter in the front. So I technically hadn’t officially consented to them taking the medications from me, they did it instantly before I had a say so... so technically any consent up until they took them wasn’t ever given. Obviously it was implied after I walked into the bar afterwards but still..  The bar can require a search as condition of entry. They can set a restriction on bringing in prescription medication. Taking meds does not make you a protected class. What the bar should have done was asked you to to take them back to your home, car, etc. They can also set restrictions on bringing in outside booze, food, or set a dress code among just about any other condition of entry other than protected classes. If you need to have the meds on you and therefore cant get in that sucks, but its not illegal. You giving them to the bar and the bar excepting them has opened both of you up to criminal liability depending on the meds. Yes, adderroll is quite popular for sale. I took it in college, when word got out i was prescribed, my door was knocked on all times a day, altho i would never and had never insinuated i sold my pills, it was surprising at the time how many rotc kids wanted my shit. Not surprising now, as it makes some sense due their overbearing commitments, but these were the all american kids i presumed were not into other people’s illicit chemicals. I really could see it both ways, but I wouldn’t be willing to bet on which way the police or the state’s attorney would see it. It’s more a CYA kinda thing, y’know? All it takes is one cop with a god complex to cause a lot of problems. Better to try to get her meds back first without the cops and involve them only if necessary. Once the meds are back, then she could report the bar with much less risk to her.   - Sounds like a case of theft to me. She didn't "let" him take them any more than she would have if she'd invited him over for tea and he'd stolen them from her house. Yeah, OP's part in the debacle was merely being naive. They're not going to make that mistake again, but it is a sure thing the bar will if no action is taken. ooh, yes. I'm a bit lenient on OP not reacting in the smartest manner due to the sheer bizarrety of that situation (I once had a girl bite me on a field trip in high school and never did anything about it due to shock), so I think that's a smart way to keep her from unnecessary hardship when the bar is the one insisting on taking people's medications. Someone in the thread made what I regard as an excellent suggestion: OP should get her meds back and then make an anonymous report on the practice. Thank you.  My bad, just was out of genuine curiosity. Won’t happen again! Don't solicit that information in this sub. Comment removed.  Judgment for LocationBot. Knocking it out of the park yet again. Bravo. Ask double check that they have all the same markings they are supposed to. Consider taking them to a pharmacist to help you verify they are the same, especially if they’re anything commonly abused.  This is not legal. 's possession, any drug defined or enumerated in this part, without the drug having been prescribed by a duly licensed physician, certified physician assistant, dentist, optometrist authorized pursuant to § 63-8-102(12), or veterinarian, and having been dispensed by a pharmacy duly licensed and registered in this state, unless the person was a resident of another state and had the prescription filled by a duly licensed and registered pharmacist of the other state. As soon as the bouncer took the pills he broke the law. NAL.  You first, chief. Take a jog.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Calm the fuck down and quit being a dick. Comments removed.  Yeah okay. If that's the case, you take your medications back and you leave. I was told once at a bar that I had to leave anything that wasn't a cell phone, wallet or keys at the front and collect them on the way out. I turned right around and left. That's not normal.  I travel to Memphis for work occasionally, what’s the name of the bar?  So someone went to pick up medication that wasn't theirs, that wasnt supposed to have it, and not for the person who is supposed to have it.. and the police were called... You dont say. Are you a dolt? Can you not see how this is different from voluntarily handing your medication to someone to hold? I.E. I hand my bottle of vicodin to my wife to ride a roller coaster. This is NOT against the law. IANAL but I am from Memphis and I’ve never herd of a bar doing this. There’s soooo much shady shit going on at bars around here. Call the manager and complain. My mother is literally a pharmacist. She has had a cop sit in her pharmacy and wait for someone to come pick up a controlled substance that was not his that he had no business picking up. He had taken someone else’s scrip and was trying to get their meds. He could not explain why he had a right to have the medication or what relationship he had with the person. They arrested him, he faced charges. If you have a good explanation, yeah usually it isn’t a problem. Husband or wife or caretaker? Absolutely fine. But “bouncer at a bar and I forced a customer to hand over her medication”? That ain’t gonna fly.   That's certainly the ideal case, yes. You are goddamn dead wrong.MY WIFE PICKS MY MEDICATION UP FROM THE PHARMACISTS. There is NO LAW saying she cannot. Please point me to a law, whether your state or mine that prohibits possession of someone else medication. OP Did not break any law. You keep talking about the "law", but have yet to cite any laws. Its only illegal to take someone elses drugs. You could posses someones drugs and be charged with "intent to distribute" or other various crimes. But there is no crime of "possession of someone elses medication" this sense. The law is focused on intent, not the possesion itself. I.E. How do you explain this. : Can a friend or family member pick up my prescriptions? - Hide Answer A: Yes. A friend or family member picking up your prescription at the pharmacy must verify that they are involved in your immediate care. The pharmacy may give the filled prescription to your friend or family member but may only provide information based on the prescription(s) being picked up at that time. you're right, I do think they're both at fault. that does make reporting this all the more tricky, though. She could have walked away. The threat was not getting into the bar.  Nope nope nope nope nope. Prescriptions authorize the person on the scrip to possess the medication. If you do not have a legal scrip, you cannot legally possess the medication. The bouncer did not have a legal scrip. He CANNOT legally possess the medication and neither can the bar. OP technically broke the law by giving away her prescription medication. If it was “confiscated” and the bouncer wouldn’t give it back, she should have called the police. Whether or not any police department/state’s attorney would actually care to prosecute anyone involved is usually dependent on what the medication was.  It doesnt even matter if it were a controlled substance. Let's say it was a bottle of Oxycontin. There is NO LAW prohibiting someone else from holding another prescription in its original container. For instance, my wife picks my Belbuca (schedule II) and my vicodin (schedule III) medication from the pharmacy for me every month. The only thing that would be illegal is if she took a patch or pill. Then she is criminally liable. If I were to give it to her, we are both criminally liable. If you can't carry others RX's caregivers around the world would be imprisoned in insane rates. This is completely incorrect. It's legal because you are not forced to enter. It's a condition of entry into a private owned place. Don't want your pills confiscated, don't enter. Like, for instance, if you don't like guns. And your friend is open carrying. You can say, "You can't come in my home with that gun. If you want to, you have to leave it in this lock box up front." If they forget their gun on the way out, it's not YOUR fault. If they don't want to hand over their gun, they can leave. It be one thing if they took them by force, then refused to give them back, took some of them, or threw them away.  It's legal because you are not forced to enter. It's a condition of entry into a private owned place. Don't want your pills confiscated, don't enter. It be one thing if they took them, then refused to give them back, took some of them, or threw them away.  ~~particularly~~ ONLY if any of the medications involve controlled substances. Fixed that for you.  A bouncer is big. You can assume OP is small. Does the law not allow people to make that kind of decision?  't the bouncer take them out of her bag Did the bouncer take the purse (containing the medications) for inspection, or did the lady give the purse (containing the medications) to the bouncer for inspection? After the bartender had "snatched" the medications from the purse and informed OP they could not enter with them, did OP ask for her medications and proceed to leave the venue or did OP choose to leave their medications with the bouncer and enter the facility? I don't see any way of viewing the incident without OP holding the blame for voluntarily surrendering prescription medications to an unauthorized recipient. It’s a cheap and cool mini vacation. Feel free to PM me if you decide to make the trip! I’d be happy to hook you up with some cool connections. It’s my hometown. When I was in college, all my friends loved coming for the festivals. My favorites were when Robert Plant head lined, as well as North Miss Allstars. Charlie Musselwhite should be there this year, he just released a duet album with Ben Harper, so my fingers are crossed he will be performing  Hmmm. Well thanks for the recommendations pal. I really appreciate it and will look into them. And tamales on top of that? That sounds like a heck of a place. I love tamales almost as much as barbecue! :) Check out Juke Joint Fest. There are plenty of local places that cater to vegans. Levon’s is one I recommend. And check out the soon to be opened Travellers hotel. Hooker Hotel is cool and so is Delta Digs. But my FAVORITE is Shack Up Inn. It’s on an old plantation. Tenant shacks, and the gin are renovated hotel rooms, the commissary is a bar, and it’s a cool, eclectic place. The Blues Brothers car was there for decades but it’s finally at its resting place at HOB.  She's not unless she doesn't call the police and even then, I don't think so. If they're pain medications she probably has a contract with her doctor that says to call the police asap if your meds are stolen. She won't get in any trouble.  Well that sounds like it is worth looking into. I'm not that far away. My daughter loves blues and I haven't taken her to do anything for a while. Shes a vegan so hopefully Abe's has plenty of corn! :) Well KC is within a reasonable drive. I've been there a few times. I'll take a look at the ones you mention. Thanks! Not angry at all. Just trying to help. Stupid is as stupid does. What if OP is ever in charge of anything important. You want he or she to learn the lesson now or when the important thing is occurring? I assure you, you will want to delete your “Memphis doesn’t have the best bbq” comment after you’ve had it. :) Besides the really good bbq, it’s a bit of an atmospheric place, and it’s really somewhere anyone that visits Memphis should be going.  Abe’s BBQ in Clarksdale Ms. the shithole town has a really cool blues history and some kick ass free festivals in April and August I have not, but I promise the next time I am there I'll try it. It's a bold statement because unfortunately it's true. Kansas City has the #1 bbq in the world: Joe's, Arthur Bryant, BB's lawnside, LC's... theres about 1000 bbq places here and 990 of them are good. Theres even an app on the google/apple store to help you keep track of which ones you've been to. You are one angry dude. You alright?  You ever been to a club or busy bar? Bag searching is not uncommon. Hell, they do it at Disneyland. You’ve obviously never been to Rendezvous. Yup, it’s a C2!  Did they bump hydrocodone up to C2? I remember it being a C3 back in my pharmacy tech days. [removed] Nope. This is false and bad legal advice. “Prescription” does not equal “controlled substance”. Having someone else’s antibiotics is not remotely comparable to having someone else’s fentanyl. Medications fall into two broad categories: prescription and over the counter (OTC). OTC meds like advil and tylenol don’t require a doctor’s authorization to buy. Prescription medicines do. Prescription medicines can be further classified as controlled and non-controlled. Controlled substances are those that have the potential to cause physical and mental dependency. There are restrictions on how they can be filled and refilled and they are heavily regulated by the DEA. The DEA separates them into 5 classes, each of which has specific restrictions on them. A lot of the drugs people think of as controlled substances fall into the C2 category, like vicodin or adderall. Anyone with a prescription pad and the appropriate license can write for a non-controlled prescription. Doctors need to register with the DEA to write for a controlled prescription, along with complying with other recommendations.  didn't the bouncer take them out of her bag, though? they had them in their possession before telling OP that they couldn't enter with them, so I think the bouncer is far more at fault that OP since they handled them without permission more than they were "voluntarily" given. Not all medications are controlled substances. It depends on the class of drug under the Controlled Substances Act. I dont think duress means what you think it means.  Does that actually happen? I understand its technically illegal, but do people actually get convicted for possession of antibiotics?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. No it’s not get out more often  Pro-Tip: if you need a prescription to purchase it then its a controlled substance. Law enforcement has a larger focus on things which people commonly purchase to get high, you don't often hear about buts of grandmas sharing their blood pressure medicine, but in reality if someone is arrested with a bottle of antibiotics prescribed to someone else they will be in same boat as someone who was busted with fentanyl Question: what if the bar (or any other business for that matter) just made everyone check their bags? Some businesses do this as a blanket policy to avoid contraband or weapons of any kind coming in, or theft on the way out. If there are prescriptions in the bags, are they then illegally in possession of controlled substances? I'm wondering what the implications are for other situations. For example, if you visit someone overnight, and leave your medications temporarily in their medicine cabinet, are they considered to be in possession of them? Or if you sleep in their guest bedroom, and leave your medications temporarily on the nightstand on in the dresser drawer? Or what if a grocery shopper loses her purse, with her medications in it, and it ends up in the store's lost and found? And what if unclaimed property which is still unclaimed a month later is sent to a central lost and found, being transported there in an employee's minivan, but that employee gets stopped by cops and accused of being in possession of controlled substances?   't give them to him. The bouncer did not "take" her medications. The bouncer informed her that she could not enter with the medications in her possession. She decided to enter and so decided to give her medications to the bouncer, which the bouncer accepted.  Well that's a pretty bold statement. Tell me where. I will literally go anywhere for the best barbecue. In those cases they’re checking everyone. A bouncer only checking purses doesn’t give a crap about weapons. Just wanted to let you know that while they may have good bbq, it's definitely not the best. Sorry for any disappointment... It's common in some areas; they're theoretically looking for weapons. You can't get into a stadium or amusement park without a bag check and metal detector these days. Yes!!!! No place is worth going through this. There are plenty of places to have fun. Protect yourself. Always.  Exactly. He didn’t take them she allowed it. If it were me i would have made a scene if they were not handed back to me immediately. (Scene being ask for them firmly and then call law enforcement) Then leave the bar. This is insane. Who the hell takes a persons medication. This is dangerous as well as all kinds of illegal. I can see how she is in the situation. I am not judging OP at all. I am just trying to see both sides.  Bouncers ALWAYS check bags in my experience. When I go out, I tend not to carry one for this reason. No, this isn’t duress. Duress is a rather high bar to claim in court. OP could have literally turned around and walked out of the bar at any time. I’ve only gotten my bag checked when entering an a big complex that has a massive population relative to most places, like you mentioned. I’ve never had a bouncer check my bag when entering a bar or club from the street. If a bouncer wants to look through purses and isn’t doing other safety precautions - turned out pockets/pat downs - that’s suspicious activity. Basically this, yes. I personally do not think OP should be held responsible because the bar and the bouncer are clearly more of an issue. But technically, OP distributed her prescriptions. Which is illegal. If it were a case of theft, that would be different. But OP voluntarily handed them over to gain entrance to a bar. This is illegal no matter what the prescriptions were, but if they were a controlled substance (like what OP thinks the bar was aiming to prevent entry into their bar), things get much worse. OP should get her meds back first, if possible without involving the police, and then report this scummy bar.  Um. Want to buy a bridge in Brooklyn? Want to go get me my left handed hammer? Smarten up. The doofus at the bar took your prescription drugs becasue he wanted prescription drugs and saw you dumb enough to give them to him. Its not legal or appropriate. I know you thin the rules in Memphis may be a little different but c'mon. I've been there many times. They have the best barbecue anywhere, fantastic blues music and the King still reigns there. if you want to talk to he police you can. The bouncer and the woman on the phone will almost certainly tell the cops you are crazy. After all, who would believe you need to give up prescription drugs to get into a bar? Chalk it up to stupidity and move on. I’ve never thought twice about a bouncer looking through my purse. Women are fairly used to it, it happens at sporting events, anything with big crowds, and I’ve had it happen a few times at clubs as a “safety precaution”. They’ve never taken anything out, but they have looked.  OP could have walked away instead of letting the bouncer take her meds. So legally, it could be interpreted as she voluntarily gave her prescription medications to someone else.  My guess would be because she let it happen. In the eyes of the law what she should have done in this situation are refuse to let him take them and leave the premises if need be, and if he refuses to hand them back she should immediately get the police involved. To make that more clear, just because someone doesn't actively commit a crime doesn't mean they're completely innocent, simply being passively involved can get them in trouble.  I don't get this, the bouncer took them, she didn't give them to him. Why would OP be criminally liable? As long as they are all properly prescribed, obviously.  You could make the argument that a cover charge to get in a bar is a robbery under duress then.  Sounds like a 1L torts (not criminal law) question.  Sounds like the bouncer saw that you have valuable drugs and stole them. Not sure why the guy was even looking through your purse in the first place, but I’m betting that business has a habit of making drug money on the side. You should report this to police in that area, but while living an hour away resolving this will be a pain in the ass. Seems like a life lesson: bouncers don’t need to look in your purse and if they insist then you go somewhere else. Yes she did. It sounds like the bouncer did take the pills from her bag without asking first but she voluntarily agreed to the bar holding them until they left. She could have easily said she doesn't want the bar to confiscate her pills, took them back and left. It was 100% voluntary for her to give up her pills while in the bar. It wouldn't have been voluntary if she was forced to go into the bar...but she wasnt forced to do anything. IANAL, it sounds like she could get in trouble for handing over her pills but if I had to guess, a judge would be very lenient on her and go after the bar for requiring the bouncer to take people's pills. And it sounds like she could have asked for them back at any point. She just forgot to. Not robbery. Agreed, but that is not what sounded like transpired in this incident, it sounds like they saw them and just grabbed them.  It’s not a robbery if you can stop it happening by saying “ok, I don’t really want to leave this with you so I’ll go to a different bar” She did voluntarily hand them over. She could have refused to hand them over and not gone to the bar. In addition to everything everyone else has said, COUNT YOUR PILLS Highly illegal!! Especially if they are controlled substances. I would get a lawyer/ call the police if someone tried to confiscate my prescription medication. If they tried to physically take them thats robbery I believe. The police would be very glad to investigate such practices. These people are going to get screwed sideways if someone were to have a medical emergency from this, or if the employees were caught not returning every single pill stolen. These people deserve an investigation being opened.  She didn't voluntarily hand them over, so it was effectively under duress. The law cuts both ways. While the bar could face legal action for possessing her prescriptions, the LAOP could also face charges for handing them over, particularly if any of the medications involve controlled substances. It would still be illegal for the bar to be in possession of her prescriptions. Obligatory IANAL but I am the daughter of a litigation attorney and a pharmacist so this is right up my alley. This is seventy kinds of illegal. You cannot give someone else your prescription drugs and no one else may confiscate them without proper authority. Being a bouncer at a bar does not constitute proper authority. The real question is whether or not YOU will get charged if you bring the police into this, and that answer depends on everything from what the medications are (if they’re controlled substances, you are in a world of hurt) to how nice the state’s attorney is feeling that day. It’s a huge risk, is what I’m saying. My best advice is to get those medications back ASAP. If you can’t get them back soon but you need your meds, go visit your local pharmacy, tell the pharmacist you need an emergency supply of your medications, and see if they’ll use a vacation override for your insurance and get you like a 3 day supply of your meds. If you know and trust the pharmacist, maybe ask their opinion on this. An experienced pharmacist should know the law surrounding this very well. Final step: once you’ve got your meds back, anonymously tip off the local police and the local DEA office. They’ll have a field day with this.  A liquor control board may be interested in this practice. Talk to the police. They'll be very interested in learning about this business practice.   Call back and ask them if they would like the Memphis Police to get them for you? Seriously, you should have just gone there in person prior to leaving the area.   Your medications weren't taken involuntarily - you chose to surrender them in exchange for gaining entry to the bar, and forgot to collect them before you left. While I concede that the whole aspect of them holding on to your pills is shady as hell, I'd hope that those with a psychotic conditions or diabetes would know better then to hand over prescription drugs to a stranger. That’s super illegal  The bar could get into trouble for unlawful possession of a controlled substance if your name is on the bottle. I’ve never heard of this before; never leave your prescriptions in the possession of another person.