 I've had an animal in the ceiling of my apartment for three full months now. The apartment complex has called their pest control five times and they've apparently failed each time, as the animal is still here. They've now started ignoring me and refuse to deal with the issue. Normally this would just be an annoyance and I would deal with it, but at one point the animal literally tried to break through the ceiling into my bathroom. There's still a hole in the ceiling from that. I do have this on video as well. The complex told me to just shut the door to the bathroom. Is this a health/safety issue that I can actually do something about, like terminate my lease early? Seriously, it's been THREE MONTHS and I'm so fed up with it. My lease expires in a month and a half so I really don't care about burning bridges. Others said to contact the health department because of this, which I did. Copy/pasted reply to the other comments is below. I called the health department, who told me to call animal control. I called the local police, they said they do animal control things. They sent out an officer who talked to the property manager (it's funny how he's available for the police but not me), and the property manager assured him they were doing everything possible to get rid of it. I know not to take legal advice from police officers in general, but he said I could demand a new apartment from the complex or I could hire my own company and deduct it from my rent. My lease expires in a little over a month so there's no point in moving to a new apartment, and I tried calling my own company but they were hesitant to do anything because they didn't want to get in legal trouble with the complex. I guess that's all I can do, I'll just have to deal with it until I move, hopefully soon. Thank you! Copy/pasted from my other reply: I called the health department, who told me to call animal control. I called the local police, they said they do animal control things. They sent out an officer who talked to the property manager (it's funny how he's available for the police but not me), and the property manager assured him they were doing everything possible to get rid of it. I know not to take legal advice from police officers in general, but he said I could demand a new apartment from the complex or I could hire my own company and deduct it from my rent. My lease expires in a little over a month so there's no point in moving to a new apartment, and I tried calling my own company but they were hesitant to do anything because they didn't want to get in legal trouble with the complex. I guess that's all I can do, I'll just have to deal with it until I move, hopefully soon. Thank you! I called the health department, who told me to call animal control. I called the local police, they said they do animal control things. They sent out an officer who talked to the property manager (it's funny how he's available for the police but not me), and the property manager assured him they were doing everything possible to get rid of it. I know not to take legal advice from police officers in general, but he said I could demand a new apartment from the complex or I could hire my own company and deduct it from my rent. My lease expires in a little over a month so there's no point in moving to a new apartment, and I tried calling my own company but they were hesitant to do anything because they didn't want to get in legal trouble with the complex. I guess that's all I can do, I'll just have to deal with it until I move, hopefully soon. Thank you! I had something similar going on in my attic and a raccoon got into a fight with a possum at 4 a.m. one night. I was scared they were going to come crashing through the sheetrock in the ceiling as it was very brittle and the animals were full-size adults and were bodily wrestling and snarling. I ended up hiring a guy who specialized in trapping critters using Havahart traps who caught the critters and boarded up their holes. An animal trapper can be expensive. The easiest/cheapest thing to do is to figure out how the animal is getting into the attic and board up the hole (but be sure the animals isn't up in the ceiling when you do. You could spray some strong insect killer like wasp spray up into the hole by the vent opening to try to drive any critter out (it probably won't like the odor). Call the Department of Health and tell them you have an aggressive raccoon in your dwelling Looks like a raccoon. Call the health department because those fuckers carry every disease you can imagine, including rabies. I don't have any legal advice, but that is one of the most terrifying photos I've ever seen Ah :/. Well, I'm fresh out of ideas. (I'm OP) I tried to do this, but the places I called were very reluctant to do anything since they didn't want to get in trouble with the complex legally. They would have to go in the attic (which is accessible from the common area), they didn't want to risk it. This is borderline an issue that you could use repair-and-deduct for. This could trigger a legal fight, so be ready for that, but if you're serious about it you could call your own pest control and take the cost out of the rent. Possible, not sure what I can do about it though. :/ Trash Panda, maybe?  No, there's literally a hole. It used its paw to bust through the drywall in the ceiling, though it couldn't get all the way through. im so sorry for phrasing "how big is the hole?" Just edited it into the post.