 Title. First off, I'm totally ok with paying back what I shouldn't have gotten in the first place. But the way this has been handled feels off to me. I recently got a promotion, which included a bump up from being an hourly employee to being on salary. The first check I got ended up stacking my hourly pay with my salary. So, despite my temptations, I alerted my manager. He talks to HR, and they say they'll deposit the correct amount, then withdraw the first check I got. Ok, cool. That's how they've handled it in the past, so I'm not concerned. But then I check my account, and see that I just got paid another paycheck, with no withdrawal. I, again reluctantly, tell HR. Now, they're asking me to write a check out to them for the total amount I was overpaid. I'm a bit worried about how this could impact things like my taxes. HR told me it was fine, but if they were competent, I feel like I wouldn't be in this situation. Is this as off as it feels to me, or should I just cut the check and stop worrying? Seems to me you’re only thinking about withholding and forgetting FICA and Medicare. There is nothing off about this situation, other than the fact a payroll error resulted in you being overpaid. Congratulations on finding the error on the first paycheck - quite a few people only notice months later and end up with much larger financial burdens. HR is correct - your taxes will not be affected, since taxes are paid based on your total salary at the year end, which is going to be correct. The money the employer paid for your taxes is yours - the IRS will refund it to you or apply it towards your taxes, so you owe the employer the gross salary amount (you got the net in your bank account and the rest of it paid on your behals to the IRS/state tax agencies - that adds up to your gross salary). As long as the mathc checks out on the total, you can write HR a check - you will be fine. There's nothing wrong with writing the check, but you should make a note to keep track of your pay stubs and w2 at the end of the year. It may become an issue if HR is as incompetent as you worry they are.