 Hello, I know Texas is a state that does pretty much anything it can to protect the employer and not the employee, but I wanted to see if there was anything here. Basically, a coworker and I called a meeting to discuss pay/benefits as a team (10-ish people on our team, they don't allow unpaid time off whatsoever and most of us had 0 days PTO so essentially stuck unless sick or something. Also we tried repeatedly individually to bring it up but got nowhere, thus the group idea) - we got everyone to sign that they wanted to participate and then we had the meeting the next day. It seemed all went well, they agreed to raise the wages and such. But then today both of us were terminated for "Organizing an employee uprising". Just wondering if we had any grounds here to pursue anything. Thanks for any help, You should consult with an employment attorney. I'm not sure what you were doing was protected wage-discussion, but an employment attorney would be better equipped to answer that. So we didn't pull anyone away from work, just had people sign a form when they had a sec if they wanted to join in the meeting. We were trying to get a time like next week or something planned, but ultimately management didn't get back to us on what time would work. They just came down and pulled certain folks away from their work themselves. We had asked to schedule a time for the meeting that would work best for management (we tried do like next week sometime), but they ended up coming down to our department and sort of called the meeting right there themselves. So, we didn't grab anyone from their job (if anything, management did when they came down to do the meeting then and there), and several of the people that attended were actually done with their shift. The law protects you from retaliation for discussing wages. That doesn't mean you get to pull people away from their jobs and hole up in a conference room for a while, neglecting your job duties, saying, "You can't do anything to us, we're discussing wages in here." So this is going to come down to whether you were fired for discussing wages, or whether you were fired for neglecting your job duties or organizing an unauthorized meeting where a bunch of employees neglected their job duties to discuss their wages. Just to clarify, you used work time to organize a meeting to demand higher pay? Are you authorized to pull people away from their work to call a meeting? 