 My GF sent me nudes while she was 17 she is 18 now, I sent them to a friend to prove a point and most of the photos are Decent as in no genital except 1. One of the photos has her breast showing it slightly and it is obviously meant to be shown. He said he will report me to the authorities. Will I actually get in any trouble? So you distributed child porn to prove a point? Dude, if he reports you and you get charged you are in a world of hurt. I am sure Canada is just as strict as the US about distributing child porn. I sure hope your point was worth proving, which I am sure it was not. Read that third point again, why on earth are you sharing nudes of your girlfriend let alone sending them to people. Shitty, illegal, overall wrong.  18 USC §2252, the federal statute that controls this, explicitly instructs the public to delete images that are covered under the statute. It lays out a "safe harbor", saying that it shall be an affirmative defense for any possession of "less than three" images if the person either immediately destroys them -- or -- reports them to the authorities.  The requirements for child porn are pretty black-and-white. They must be sexually explicit -- or -- expose genitalia. So a nipple peek-a-boo might not count as either. Nipples are not genitalia, and "cheesecake" shots fall pretty short of "pornographic". That doesn't mean the local authorities would take a broad-minded approach and/or brand you as a pervert or a child-pornographer. But the bigger concern would be the revenge-porn angle (which doesn't necessarily follow the same definition of "porn"). First of all, it makes you a despicable human being to share something given to you in confidence. There's no escaping that -- but your only punishment for that is simply having to look in the mirror at a guy who would do that sort of shitty thing. If that doesn't bother you already, mazel tov. Even if she wasn’t a child, you still broke the law asshole. Prove your point in court to a judge.  so you distributed child pornography and are wondering if that's okay or not? no what a dick “boyfriend” to send your girlfriends nudes to someone to “prove a point”  Be sure to ask your attorney if you should delete the pictures you have on ANY of your devices. I don't know your jurisdictional rules, but it might be considered the destruction of evidence. You may have to have your attorney drop off your phone and laptop to the PD's anon evidence drop box.  I mean....you knowingly sent child porn to someone else. Did you not consider that this could result in serious repercussions? You committed a serious felony for the sake of, how you put it, "proving a point". I don't know what to tell you except that if he does choose to report you, you'll be punished for it and it could potentially be really bad. If you are contacted by authorities, say NOTHING. refuse to speak to them under any circumstances, for any reason. If you are arrested, get a lawyer and say nothing. That's basically it. You seriously fucked up bro, in a way that could have permanent, life altering consequences. Better hope he doesn't go through with reporting you. This is a life lesson for you, learn from it What a dick friend.  Somehow I missed the friend reporting part. My apologies! The friend is the one taking the photos to the authorities, Im not sure some of this applies.  There is no state in the US nor province in Canada that allows the transmission of the photos OP refers to even if its consensual. That is literally not a thing. First, delete any photos of her nude when she was underage. It doesn't matter if she is now of age. You can't posess them. Second, don't talk about this on the internet. Or in person. Third, don't share intimate photos of your girlfriend with friends. You're betraying her trust. The only way you get in trouble is if you keep running your mouth and keep betraying your girlfriend. You made a mistake. Learn and move on.  This is illegal in all 50 US states and is a federal criminal offense with no statute of limitations. Your comment could not be more understated.  You fucked up badly. It doesn't matter that she'd 18 now, she was 17 at the time she sent it to you. You not only received it, you distributed it. Your girlfriend also produced and distributed it. Delete this post and hire a criminal defense attorney if arrested.  NAL but i think it depends on what state you're in. Some have been cracking down on underage pictures because they're technically child pork even if it is consensual. Hope you learn not share private photos 