 Oh boy here we go. CA Soooooo I’m not even really sure where to start in this absolute mess. My child and mother were pulled over and because they ran her drivers license, something popped up and they asked if they’d find anything in the car and she responded with a maybe. According to the report, they ended up finding multiple paraphernalia in the vehicle in separate areas of her personal belongings. The officers ended up detaining the child, appropriately. This is where things take a turn. They did not try to contact me because everything was blamed on me for what was in the car. It was so easy for her to do that with my past, although her and I both know that I’m in a much better place and can take care of our child if needed. Mind you, I’m states away and in the air headed back so I can then pick my child up to spend the rest of the day with me. So now what I can only assume is her panicking that she’s knee deep in shit, she shifted the spotlight onto myself. Instead of her taking responsibility for what happened, she double downed and is dragging me in the mud with her. I think she thought they would let her go and then investigate me. This is ultimately NOT in the best interest for our child. I did not know about any of this until I was at the house for pick up and my child wasn’t there. I called police and they directed me to CPS. Now CPS is involved. They are the ones who stated that I’m only implicated in this mess because of her statements. He was emergency placed into a home that night instead of releasing to me because of the allegations. This is spiraling out of control. We had a meeting at CPS and went through all of our concerns for all parties. Towards the end of the meeting, I mentioned what CPS had told me that if I wasn’t blamed for this, I would have my child and would not be in foster care. She backpedalled and said she never said that to the officer and that the officer must’ve misunderstood her. Also mentioned that she said I’m crazy if I think she wouldn’t want our child to go to me if that was an option. So now after all that, a few days later we had our detention hearing. The judge didn’t seem to mind much that she backpedalled against what the officer wrote in the report. Additionally, CPS asked her about what was in the car and she said she didn’t know what they were talking about. I don’t think she knew CPS had seen the report too. I feel like I am being reprimanded unnecessarily for her slander. Is there any legal recourse to the bullshit I am currently facing? My hours have to be supervised and went down considerably. None of this was in my control. None. Not my paraphernalia, not my car, not my dumbass mistake. Only now, CPS has some concerns about my past which I think is stupid because they are only caring about it because my child’s mother had paraphernalia in her car. I would understand if they had a concern about it when it happened as opposed to over a year later for something completely out of my control. I don’t know why the police didn’t take her to get her blood drawn for a DUI felony child endangerment charge. I feel like they are making me a party to her negligence and my child is ultimately suffering. If she had not blamed me, I would have my child and she’d be facing a mountainside to climb to see him. I have court next month which I think is ridiculously too far away. I understand that they need their due diligence but it’s taking its toll against me because I never in a million years thought I’d be facing these ridiculous accusations. If you read this far, I’m sorry but thanks. This felt relieving to put in words. But now what...Slander? Defamation? Restraining order? Full custody? Wtf? What to do? TL;DR My child got taken by CPS because the mother had paraphernalia in the car with child. Blamed it all on me (as I was states away) and I’m now under the bus with her. I want my child and guidelines on how to navigate with the terrible CPS.  Thanks for some real words. Looks like I gotta suck it up and stfu and buckle in for this wild ride   Nobody in the dependency process ever does. Yes, but honestly seeing and exploring any option. I guess I don’t feel satisfied with how this is playing out so far You had a lawyer appointed for you, yeah?  It’s a hard pill to swallow knowing I didn’t do anything for this to happen. Thanks for putting this so frank though. I wasn’t expecting that, but putting my head down and proceed forward and let all the dust settle might work out much better in the end for me and most importantly my child Yea, that’s definitely one of the boxes for me to check as I provide financial support and healthcare too. I wish it was easier to clear my name in these allegations  None of the above. You listen to your lawyer, you get the chip off your shoulder that none of this is really your fault, and you jump through whatever hoops CPS wants you to. Enthusiastically and before the deadlines they give you. That's how you end this. Once the dependency proceeding is over, based on what happens, you can consider a custody change with family court. Not until then. A family lawyer is the best thing for you now. You are facing an uphill battle, as I think you know, and the state is not going to be too concerned with whatever is going on between you and the child's mother. You should be seeking a change in the custody agreement.