 I’m not sure if this is the right sub. If there’s a better place for me to post this, please point me in that direction. For the last month or so (maybe longer, I’m unsure), my upstairs neighbors have had a larger dog and what looked to me like a puppy, but could just be a smaller dog. For context, I live on the bottom floor in the corner of the building. My living room window overlooks a medium sized patch of grass. A lot of the tenants that have dogs come right out here for their pets to do their business. This specific couple brings their pets here to do the same. Every time they exit their apartment with the dogs to let them outside to do their business, I hear loud whimpers and yelling. I can hear them hit the smaller dog, the dog cries loudly, and then the man or his girlfriend (or so I believe) will say “go potty.” They both do this to the dog from what I have heard so far. It was raining and the dog wouldn’t go to the bathroom, I guess, and they hit him/her multiple times. I opened my door and they picked up their dog and walked away. Every time I hear them come downstairs, I try to get a good look at what is going on but they’re always out of my line of vision. When I go outside with my own dog to see if maybe they’ll do it in front of me, nothing happens. Obviously they’re not going to hit the dog in front of me, but I feel like I have no legal ground to stand on if I were to call the police to report it because I have not directly witnessed it, I’ve only heard it. Should I call the police and report it with no eye-witness accounts? It’s a very obvious noise combo, between the sound of physical impact and then the dog whimpering along with the aggressive “go potty” commands. I’m not sure what to do in this situation, but I am VERY much an animal lover and it hurts my heart that I can’t do much else for the dogs in their care.  If you know where the dogs are, great! But if you don't, just report what you know. That's all you can do.  Another problem is that I know they live upstairs, but not the exact unit. I just moved into this apartment less than half a year ago so my neighbors are all still a mystery, excluding the one directly across from me. I will talk to her to see if she knows what one they live in, but if she doesn’t know, can they still handle the situation? Any help at all is appreciated, thank you for your comment friend.  You can report your concern to animal control and they will handle it from there. 