 The basics of the situation: Sister is married and has 2 kids with her husband. Don't ask how they had kids... that is a different issue. They live in Pennsylvania. He does not pay the bills, childcare, or anything else for that matter. Guess you can guess the rest of this cliche. He is verbally abusive, controlling, alcoholic, and etc. Recording his verbal abuse is illegal in PA. He has never even changed a diaper. If she tries to leave with the kids the law is on his side for kidnapping. She leaves without the kids the law is on his side as well for abandonment. Mother has money and a team of lawyers at the ready if she tries to leave. He does not want her to leave because he does not want to pay child support. Yet he sees the kids as a nuisance. If my sister leaves the room and he is watching the kids, they will end up injured somehow. "falling off beds". In which my sister was in trouble the last event it happened. "She should have had him acknowledge responsibility" Now the complicated part. He has undiagnosed mental issues. From what I can guess " antisocial personality disorder" His problems are known by his family but no one talks about it. He only sees his pediatrician yet he in his 30s. Any other doctor or provider is met with high aggression. Notes of mental issues: He collects trash from neighbors to recycle... on the living room floor. He picks weeds from other people yards... by hand... in the winter. He breaks down trash in cooking pots. He will weigh diapers and want maximum feces in them. In addition, he will lay them out to dry. He is a constant liar, even with events he was witnessed doing he will lie. He has gone through several jobs and somehow keeps getting hired. Shows up late leaves early. No sense of responsibility. He likes setting things on fire and has almost burned the house down drunk. He hides his finances by sending his bank info to his mother's house. Apparently, hundreds of thousands and yet has never paid a single bill. His behavior has been seen by several doctors, coworkers, family, neighbors, and social workers. Yet, she can not leave him nor get 100% custody of the children. Police have been no help since nothing is witnessed. The system in place has failed. Lawyers have not been helpful. Suggesting counseling or that she give up on the kids. Can not counsel a guy that believes his children have no souls. My Sister works herself to the bone and has had many job offers out of state but because of the above issues can not leave. I do not believe much can be done but it was nice to get this off my chest.   Where are you getting this info? Because if this is coming from your sister's abusive ex (or anyone on his 'side'), don't trust it. Never take legal advice from your adversary. Your best bet is to talk to a divorce and family law attorney ASAP for advice on how to best to proceed. It is likely your sister can document her husbands unsanitary habits, neglect, and probable child abuse (the children just happen to get injured while in his care... every single time? Hmmm) before serving him with divorce papers. The best way to leave an abusive spouse is to get all your ducks lined up and ready beforehand. So get your sister a lawyer.  Sounds harsh. My empathy with your sister. If there truly is no way out then it comes down to the following: - she can't stay there (imagine another 20 years of this). - she can't leave the kids with him (for their safety) - therefore, she has to leave with the kids. He will do one of two things: 1. With his mother's money, haul you into court. Be prepared to go, and in that process get his mental health issues exposed. If he is diagnosed mentally unstable she'll def get custody. Lawyer up. 2. He may not challenge in court. It sounds like the kids irritate him. He may be happy to not have them around. But then still lawyer up and start divorce proceedings. I'm a programmer, not a lawyer, so take this amateur advice from where it comes. ... but in my life I have more than once been in a position where _I had to do what I had to do_ because I believed in it, and it was motivated by love, for myself and my close ones, and surprisingly it works out more often than not. Like I said, my own unqualified opinion. Please tell your sister there are people thinking about her and seeing a positive outcome.  If she is the mother on the birth certificate, she can take them. That isn't kidnapping. She needs to leave and take the kids. 