 Pretty sure there’s nothing I can do, but you guys tell me: Stopped at a red light. Hear the guy behind me honking and hollering at the car next to him, so I turn my music down to hear what’s going on. The guy behind me is so preoccupied yelling that he takes his foot off the brake and rolls into/lightly rear ends me. The light is green now, and I look out the window and yell “you hit my car.” He gives a confused look, so I get out of my car, now holding up traffic. He’s saying “I wasn’t yelling at you, I was yelling at the guy next to me.” I repeat “you hit my car.” He looks genuinely confused and says he didn’t. I tell him to follow me into a parking lot next to us. We get out of our cars. I show him the small mark he left on my rear bumper. He again denies he hit me. I now realize he’s a little out of it, and I notice he has a 12 pack of Bud Light sitting on his passenger seat. I get close to him and immediately smell booze. Ask if he’s been drinking, he denies it. I tell him he reeks and I’m calling the police. He starts pleading, “because of that little mark? Come on.” Not even joking, he opens his wallet and all that’s in there is a lotto ticket, and he tries to OFFER ME THE LOTTO TICKET. I pull my phone out to call the cops and he immediately gets in his car and drives off. At this point I could’ve stopped him or followed him, but honestly had a bad feeling as he seemed so unpredictable. I’m in LA so by the time I actually get a police dispatcher on the phone, explain, give all the info, the guy is long gone. I give them his license plate, they tell me to wait for an officer to get to where I am. I wait for about 45 mins and nobody shows up, so I leave (I understand this is where I probably lose any upper hand, but I was on my way to a show and just fed up at this point). They ended up calling me about 20 mins after I left and said they couldn’t find me. Anyway, is there anything I can do that I haven’t already done? My car is a lease and it’s due back in a month. I’m not sure if the damage is enough for them to charge me, but if it is? You really missed an opportunity leaving the scene. With a police report and license plate number, you would likely have a much easier time fighting the car dealer. I've never read about or heard of a similar situation to yours. However, most police agencies and dispatch services keep detailed call logs. I would recommend going to your police station in person and explaining what happened and asking if there is anything that can be done, or if you could make a statement and press charges. The best case scenario is a judge issues a bench warrant for the registered owner of the vehicle, and you are able to identify him in person. It is unfortunate that small things like this some times require a lot of effort and time to resolve. I wish you luck!