 [North Dakota] One of my favorite teachers in the world wants to help out some teenagers in the school. She wants to give out contraception to teens who need it for free. The first thought is to go to a community based source that gives them out and does STI/STD testing too. However the one we have in town in closing and is being acquired by a religious group, so all the new one is doing is STI/STD prescriptions and testing but no contraceptives are being offered anymore. It wasn’t publicly funded, so they basically ran out of money from the mother company. She is wondering the legality around this and if she can in the state of North Dakota. Any and all help is appreciated.  IANAL, but a librarian. It's a wonderful idea, and I commend her for thinking of doing it. However... ...this will certainly jeopardize her job. What she might want to do instead is attack the issue from a different perspective - through developing relevant collections and programming regarding sexual health. This is what we do, our mandate is to educate people on their options, even when we can't necessarily help in a more practical way. She could also compile a list of other resources in the community where the teens could get the actual contraceptives, and maybe reach out to speakers who could do lectures.  Also sorry for confusing message, doing some other stuff and typing this at same time. Typos are inevitable.  Thanks.   I assume you're asking if she would be legally protected. She could be fired over this, and that's a very real possibility. I don't see parents having a lawsuit against her though. She should also consider how much she would actually be helping by just handing out condoms without the education to back that up. Some kids may end up in trouble with age of consent laws, and others may believe that a condom is full protection but not be using them properly.  Oh lord, no medication. Just condoms. She is making sure that if she were to, be he legality would be there to protect her.  That depends on what she mean by contraceptives for starters. She obvioulsy cannot give out any medication because she is a librarian and presumably not a doctor. She could potentially hand out condoms but that would upset at least some parents and she may lose her job. 