 Hello all, Last night was attending a protest where I had the chance to meet the attorney general of my state (WA). Everything was going fine, but as I was waiting in a crowd of people to meet the AG a woman in front of me turned around and shoved me. She had a look of disgust on her face, and I was immediately extremely alarmed. I asked her why she had shoved me, and what was wrong because she's clearly distressed. She then says "you were trying to grab my ass! I could felt you!". I was absolutely stunned. My wife was a couple of feet behind me, and during the time she said I was trying to touch her ass, I was speaking to one of the AG's reps on stage. I tried to explain that I was certainly not trying to touch her ass (my hands were in my pockets as it was freezing). She walked off but turned around and took a photo of me before heading off to find what I'm assuming was some sort of authority. I spoke to the AG, and then told my wife what happened and that we should probably get out of there. What do I need to do to protect myself from charges of sexual assault? I don't know how this works, but she took my photo and she could possibly find out who I am because I'm active in progressive activism groups that got the event together. I may be blowing this out of proportion, but I actually have PTSD from being sexually assaulted so the situation has really thrown me through a loop. Should I be calling my lawyer? Or contacting the police?  I appreciate your thorough response. I am quite certain that I didn't touch her ass, or anywhere on her body with my hands. We were in a crowd filled with people who wanted to meet the AG, outside and in the rain. There were a lot of folks, including journalists that were pushing the small crowd forward. When she shoved me I backed into some poor old lady. It was a scary moment, that's for sure.  Thanks, I was pretty stressed earlier. This really helps.  I don't think you should be that worried here, while attempting to grab someones ass is illegal, give that nobody actually grabbed her ass, and she didn't observe you lunging at her or something, it's pretty weak. Basically she felt that someone bumped into her maybe and thinks it was you and thinks it was a precursor to you grabbing her ass. I don't think the police would investigate this.  Nothing. You do nothing. You can't stop someone from claiming something. The only thing you can do is defend against it if and when they do formally accuse you, and the state charges you, and that hasn't happened, so you do nothing.