 Tl;dr: Manager comes into the office and frequently asks “Maria” about “Naomi”, who is on personal leave with dying mother. Maria tells manager when Naomi’s mother passes. She doesn’t respond well to this, and proceeds to sabotage Maria’s work by keeping important documents from her. HR manger is completely useless, and let Naomi yell at Maria then deemed the conflict to be “solved”. Is there any course of action that can be taken? Location is Alberta, Canada. Vivid detail for those that want it: “Maria” was friends with another coworker “Naomi”. Naomi’s mother got terminally ill, and she ended up taking a leave of absence to spend her last few months with her. During her absence, Maria was the only one she kept in touch with. Our manager would come in everyday and ask Maria what she had heard from Naomi. After about 2 months, Naomi sent Maria a text message saying that her mother had just passed. That day when the manager came in to ask about Naomi, she told her that her mother had just passed. She didn’t tell anyone else about this. About a week later, Maria received a long, nasty text from Naomi, telling her that it wasn’t her place to tell everyone about her mother’s passing. That she didn’t want to ever see or talk to her again, and planned on avoiding her at work. Sure enough, when she came back, she avoided Maria like the plague. Part of Naomi’s job is to give documents to Maria. Since the incident, these documents have stopped making their way to Maria on time. Some have turned up days/weeks late. Without them, Maria can’t do her job. She has pointed this out to our manager, who has deemed this a “personal conflict” and has told Maria she better find a way to get the work done regardless. After about a month of this, Maria decided enough was enough. She went to our HR manager. They had a meeting to “resolve their conflict”. Apparently Naomi yelled at Maria the whole time and basically told her to pound sand. In front of the HR manager, who then deemed the conflict to be “solved”. It’s been almost two months since that meeting, and things have only gotten worse. Documents are still going missing, and now Naomi is literally running away every time she sees Maria (like if she goes to the breakroom and sees Maria there, she will sprint back to her desk and start laughing with other coworkers). Other coworkers in Naomi’s department are starting to act rude towards Maria as well. Is there anything that can be done? Maria discussed this again with the HR manager today. He told her that there is nothing that can be done, and that she needs to ignore Naomi and keep working. That doesn’t seem like it can be the only solution. Any advice is appreciated. 