 As the title implies my grandmother has no legal will, she needs one drafted and wants me to do it. She has told me everything she wants included with in, who gets the house and who gets what money, and all that but it isn't in any form of writing or legal documents and now she is starting to loose her mental facilities. She wants to make sure that my mother be excluded from the Will. An I know if a will isn't done soon my Mom will attempt to take as much as she can. I have been her primary caretaker for the past few years and as a result most of the estate is going to me, and the rest is split among my aunts and cousins. One thing that also worried me about it is that she wanted me to get her portion of the house, even though my grandpa is still alive we are unsure how that transfer of ownership would work. We live in California and are pretty unsure about what to do make a will legal outside of needing witnesses signatures and getting it notarized. Although if my mother where to get word I helped draft then will she would fight tooth and nail to get a share. We can't afford a lawyer theirs no money to spare with all her medical expenses. What should be included in a will like this to make it legal and as air tight as possible.  You are not authorized to type up that will legally, you need an attorney practicing in estates.  To piggyback on the "Get a Lawyer ASAP" because time is of the essence, do not try and use one of the wills you can buy online that claim to be legal and valid in all states. It is likely not going to be worth the paper it's written on. This needs a real life attorney. My grandmother's will has been thrown out after a protest from my absolutely broke aunt, who didn't need very much money at all to dispute her will, and my cousin who took care of my grandmother and all her needs for the last several years of her life is now being screwed. My cousin didn't have any involvement in the creation of the will, my grandmother did it years ago. It's just no good. Get price quotes for a will before you say you can't afford it. Several things you're suggesting (e.g. entirely disinheriting a surviving spouse of their share of a home) cannot be legally done. Other things (non-lawyer drafting a will that gives themselves an inheritance where they wouldn't typically get one) are going to cause you huge problems. This is something that should have been taken care of a long time ago. There is no alternative to getting a lawyer involved ASAP, understanding that the ship may have sailed due to mental faculties, and you are going to be in for a fight pretty much regardless.  Unauthorized practice of law + a person benefiting from an estate planning document who drafts / witnesses it can trigger a presumption of undue influence and invalidity. Yowza! Not the time for a DIY will to be drafted. Sorry if this is harsh, but easy estate planning is what happens for diligent people. Someone who sits around until they're almost gone to execute estate plans needs a real attorney involved real fast. Your mom won't "attempt to take as much as she can," she's going to inherit as much as she's entitled to. If your grandmother wanted it to be a different way she would have given you the piece of mind that comes with a well drafted estate plan. Even now her proposed course of action would embroil you in a (likely) unsuccessful legal battle that could bankrupt you. That's not possible due to California spousal share laws. If you haven't even called a lawyer yet to get pricing on a will there is no reason to say you can't afford a lawyer. A huge problem is that people don't bother even calling for quotes. Call people for quotes.  There are at least 5 things in your post that are wrong or that cannot be done legally. Get your grandmother a lawyer. You do this by paying a lawyer. Wills are highly technical documents and if you know there will be issues with your mom, it is really important to make sure it is done properly.  That would be unauthorized practice of law, hands down, no question about it. Not only would such a will almost certainly have such large holes that it wouldn't be binding, you would wind up in legal trouble for drafting it for her. 