 So, here’s the upshot of my situation. TW for mentions of sexual abuse, and also formatting issues are likely. Sorry about that. I was sexually abused by my father for several years. I have memories ranging from when I was about 8 until I was about 10, but I have suspicions that it started earlier than that. I didn’t remember what happened for many years because, you know, Repression, but I remembered around the time I turned 15, which was in 2015. I kept silent about it for approximately two years, then told a few friends, one of whom told my brother who then told my mother. Then it was all out in the open and I decided that I wanted to report the abuse. We went to a reputable domestic violence shelter in June of 2017 and I reported the abuse to a woman who I’ll call L. I talked to her for about two hours and then she told me she would report it to ChildLine, which is Pennsylvania’s child abuse hotline, and said that they would decide which agency would get the case and I would most likely get a phone call. I heard nothing for over two years. Finally, last night, I acted on my frustration and started calling around. I was sent to a voicemail box when I called ChildLine. The shelter I went to confirmed that there was no record of a report being made to ChildLine on my file, but the woman on the phone said that it didn’t mean that a report wasn’t filed and that I should contact Children and Youth Services. I contacted CYS and they confirmed that there is no report of my abuse in any state or county system. ChildLine then called me back and said they were going to search their system, but said that I needed to give them L’s full name in order to do it, which I don’t remember. When I called the shelter again, they said that L no longer worked there and that they could legally not give me her full name. I also can’t seem to find her online, and my mother doesn’t remember her full name, either. I know that people who work at domestic violence shelters are mandated reporters, but it seems incredibly likely that the report that L was supposed to give them was never given. I have yet to contact the police department closest to the house where I lived at the time (I’m living in a school-owned apartment at the moment, in-state but reasonably far away), but the person from CYS seemed pretty confident it would have gone to them because I was 17 when I reported it. Even if L doesn’t work at that shelter anymore, she probably works in the field and hasn’t really done her job in my case, and I don’t know if this is a chronic issue for her or not. If it is, she probably shouldn’t be able to work with domestic violence victims, should she? And now my report isn’t in the system at all. I’m at a total loss for what to do here and very tired of playing phone tag with agencies that don’t care about me (the only helpful person at all was the dude from CYS), so any suggestions as to legal actions I could or should take are welcome. Also, two quick side notes: 1. The abuse was reported to my university a little less than a year ago after I mentioned it to housing as part of a roommate dispute (she was having sex in the room while I was sleeping in the room) and I was told that it would be reported to the university’s Title IX coordinator and that I would receive an email from her. I never did get an email. 2. I have discovered that the shelter has a twitter account, and I’m very tempted to put them on blast for this. @ them and let everyone know not to report there because even if L is gone now, I don’t trust them to put competent people on their staff. But also I’m afraid I could get in legal trouble for that. Is that possible?