 I've done some rough calculations and I will likely owe about twice what I've saved to pay my taxes with. Furthermore, I'm pissed that large companies can pay nothing. I want to send the IRS a note saying I'll pay what I owe when the corporations do too. How much trouble would I be in if I don't file (or file only state taxes) versus filing without the ability to pay? [removed] Good to know, thanks!  'm pissed that large companies can pay nothing. I want to send the IRS a note saying I'll pay what I owe when the corporations do too. Just FYI the IRS doesn't create the tax code, the legislature does. Spamming your representative might be slightly less futile.  Most corporate taxes have been pushed to payroll tax. the reality is the majority of business tax is in withholding directly proportional to the number of people they have working for them and the wages paid. they pay almost no corporate income tax because they reinvest most of it. In general the same percentage of tax is paid in the economy but because compnies found ways of burying way more of the expenses before... now they tax it as product is made by labor to not allow the compnies to get away with paying even less - so on the backend of the books for a company - the amount . you pay into social security is matched with a payroll tax paid by the company into social security as well . (and medicare and other stuff like disability program insurance mandated by states . and . such) - so let's say they paid $100k to a person and the person has 7.45% ss+medicare taken out - well the company also paid 7.45% in - so the $100k the person who earned it got $92,550 and the company paid $107,450 before income tax and other taxes are paid by both the withholding from the workers paycheck and the required taxes are added by the company on the backend. That's why even though CORPORATE INCOME tax rate has gone down - their contributions on payroll taxes have gone up and the overall percentage of GDP stolen - err, I mean... invested wisely in only the best programs ever has stayed about the same. Going to prison for pointless tax evasion takes something...guts typically isn't that something. Thank you  'll pay what I owe when the corporations do too. That's adorable. They'll get their money from you. Being petty about it will just tack on fees.   't file (or file only state taxes) versus filing without the ability to pay? "A lot". The IRS could file one on your behalf and begin to garnish your paycheck. You could face additional fines as well. There's also the potential for prison time. Better to file and let them know up front that you'll have trouble.  Okay, thank you. I still wish I had the guts to tell them to F off and let me keep my money until the system is fairer.  It's much worse to not file because then you also get a penalty for not filing. File an accurate tax return and then ask for a payment plan.