 I'm currently in college getting my elementary school teaching certificate and majoring in education. I also sell NSFW commissions and artwork online to make some extra cash and help with rent. If I want to continue selling NSFW art once I get a teaching position, could I get in trouble? I plan on keeping this work entirely separate from school and I do not use any identifying information in my work online. I'm just curious if it would break any laws to keep selling my art in my free time. Thanks for all your help! TLDR: Can I get in trouble for selling NSFW artwork outside of school if I'm working as a teacher? And don't talk to coworkers about your art.  I already do to err on the side of caution. Thanks, though! I appreciate any advice :) That's an awfully good idea! Thanks :) Thank you, that's very helpful info! I appreciate it, I'll be sure to be careful/shut down Virtually every state and school district has a rule about immoral conduct. The list is generally vague and warns that actions/scenarios not listed may also qualify as immoral conduct as well. Basically "if it's something that could get parents uncomfortable, or make the school look bad, or cause a scandal on the local news." It may not be illegal, but if you get caught it could certainly get you fired and blacklisted from working in that career again. If you want to continue to produce NSFW art, that's your prerogative. But you have to be aware of the consequences if the wrong people find out. Dont associate your name or location or any of your personal information with it. Dont tell anyone who knows you at work that you do this. Dont post it anywhere that parents or coworkers could conceivably find it and connect you to it. You have to be so, so careful.  Make sure whatever lines of communication you use for the side business are kept separate. If your school uses google products, don’t use a gmail for the side business. Data can be shared back and forth without you knowing. You don’t want cloud data coming onto your work devices for others to see. Use a pseudonym for your art. That seems about right, I definitely don't want to risk it. I pretty much draw anything I can get paid for. I started off wanting to monetize my art more, since SFW commissions weren't selling as well as I'd hoped, but it ended up turning into a hobby too :) I’d talk to an actual lawyer, there are so many different laws about this stuff and it really depends on where you live and where you’ll be teaching. Also what kind of nsfw art? Do you draw nsfw as a hobby too? Or are you just a good artist and you wanted to more easily monetize it? Can't argue with that. Thanks for the help! It may not be against the law, but it would likely be grounds for firing you if the district finds out and connects it to you.  Become unemployable in a notoriously conservative field that requires you to maintain a professional public face? Yup.