 Here's what happened: I hadn't used eBay in ages so when I saw a great deal I clicked "buy it now" so fast I didn't notice I never updated my physical address since I moved. When I noticed a few minutes later, I emailed the seller, but being a large corporation they said they had no way to communicate with the shipping department (unsure if that's accurate or the employee didn't want the hassle). But anyway, I figured I would just grab it from UPS (after explaining the situation) as I have the invoice, the receipt, the PayPal receipt, the letter I sent to the seller explaining the mixup as well as the credit card statement showing the charge. I mean, you name it, I have it. It's safe to say that I can prove I purchased this item. Now for some reason this has turned into an ordeal as me and my dad emailed and called UPS several times asking them not to deliver it to a complete stranger (the new tenant at my old place). My emails were plain ignored. My dad's experience on the phone was even weirder as it was implied to him that only eBay has the authority to decide on this package. Excuse my ignorance of the law but AFAIK eBay is just a platform for buyers and sellers to find one another. IMHO, an item is owned by the specific seller (not eBay) right up until payment is processed and the item is shipped, at which point it becomes the buyer's property. I mean, every time an unopened package stolen from a porch, the buyer is consider to have been stolen from. Isn't he? Needless to say, my package is delivered to God knows who (the new tenant). After the fact I finally receive a reply to my several emails where a nice person says they just read about my situation and would be willing to send a driver to retrieve my property from the new tenant. Now amazingly, they say that after the retrieval they'll send it back to the seller. So apparently I can't claim it despite having a barrage of proof that I purchased it? Again, the law is not my thing but it seems a no-brainer to me that they shouldn't be sending it to the seller when the seller is already enjoying the payment that I sent him. That, IMHO, is my property now. How can I make them see that? I did reply by sending them my receipts and screenshots of my eBay purchases where the item appears, tracking number and all. I also sent proof that I used to live at that apartment so they understand why the mistake occurred. Still waiting for a reply. The reason I don't want it sent back to the seller is: 1) I'm not sure this deal will take place again, as I even had a coupon. 2) It's a no-brainer to me that they need to let me claim it. Thanks so much for any advice! [removed] I don't reckon there's any harm in trying! The worst that can happen is they don't respond and then you can still follow these other routes being suggested.  Thanks you might have a point there. I didn't get the impression that they're great at customer service the first time I explained the situation but will try them again if there's a chance they could instruct UPS to give me the item I've thought about this. My dad wasn't a fan of this idea but he does know a lot of neighbors (it was his house) and the superintendent. I just hope the new tenant is a nice person and they aren't using the item themselves lol. It's computer stuff from a tech company UPS' agreement is with the sender, not with you. Your agreement is with the sender, not with UPS. You need to sort this out with the sender. The company is the one who hires UPS to deliver the item. Even though you paid for the item itself, the seller pays for the delivery service. It'd be this way with any shipping company. Contact the seller again. Have you tried posting a letter to the new tenant and explaining the situation and just trying to get the package that way?  eBay sells for buyers now like Amazon. If you have a large inventory, you can send it to an eBay warehouse and they take care of the packaging and shipping. I’m guessing that’s what was done here, hence the reason UPS said it was up to eBay 