 Hey LA I live near a populated city in our Province, along a waterway which is used for recreational ATV (sledding) in the wintertime. Some weekends, we can witness over 150 sledders pass by on the river, and it's just getting busier each year. I sled myself, so I appreciate how fun it is. We own a few quarters adjacent to the river, with some fenced sections and gates on one end of the property. On the other end of the property is a curve in the river which has a gentle slope and creates a natural zone where sledders come off the river to have a break, etc. We would like to fence off this side of the river but it's very labour intensive and expensive, but it is in the plans for the future. This gentle slope has been outfitted with boulders over the summer to dissuade sledders, as well as logs and other obstructions. We have multiple "No trespassing" signs with variations of "no motorized vehicles, no ATV's, land reclamation in progress, no hunting, environmental protection area, etc along the river and all entrances. Problem: no matter the barricade, the sign, the gate, the fence or anything, we get multiple (probably 20-40 people per weekend) still trespassing. They go around the barriers, the rip up the hills, they cut the fencing, and when approached, give a thousand reasons why they are on the property. It wouldn't be a big deal except for the fact that our family has recently planted 5000 seedlings over the last 2 years to try to rehabilitate the land along the river and we're trying to prevent sloughing along the banks and hills. Sledding side by sides leave damage on the hills that lasts indefinitely, preventing vegetation from growing and creating more sloughing. Further, we have had vandalism, theft, poaching, drinking/driving, pollution/garbage left and most importantly, our privacy completely violated. Sledders come right up to our home, drive through our driveway, come up behind our house and drink/party and leave their trash behind in our backyard. We have gone through multiple routes noted above to try to make the problem better, such as contacted local law enforcement (not really helpful), local not-for-profits (that initiated the tree-planting and mitigation projects), off-roading groups and social media. Nothing has really helped us so far. The general ATV viewpoint is that they have the "right" to sled/drive anywhere they want without penalty, and in fact, the response on social media was in fact threatening and outright hostile. Sledders legally have no right to be trespassing on our land, and we 100% support them riding the river (and I believe they have rights to the banks to high water levels, but this doesn't allow for them to breach the banks). Is citizens arrest a thing? Picture us out there all day, every day, trying to citizen arrest these guys. Ha! I just can't see that working. Our signage is descriptive in the project we're conducting (riparian land reparations) and I had previously made some brochures to hand out but I honestly think that that approach isn't going to have teeth (especially with the volume). What would be the best approach to this problem? Note, we will continue to put up barricades and fence over the next few years. TLDR: Sledders/ATV'rs keep trespassing on our land (up to 40/weekend). We've tried various mitigation measures to reduce the trespassing but looking for a better solution to stop these guys who believe it's their right to ride on our land.  Citizen's arrests are a thing in Canada, but think _really carefully_ before you get into a physical altercation with a trespasser when the only witnesses are their buddies. Ending up injured or dead is a real risk. Honestly, a sturdier fence is _by far_ the most practical solution to this problem. Putting up trail cameras along the fence to get pictures of people vandalising your property may help you pursue criminal charges, especially if you're able to specifically identify the people doing it. Even if the police won't pursue it, if you can identify specific people you can go to a justice of the peace and swear out a criminal complaint yourself - not something I normally recommend, but definitely an option. Because you're restoring a riparian area, you may also want to contact Alberta Environment and Parks for advice. They may have some interest in seeing the land protected, and the Alberta Water Act comes with serious teeth. The first time an ATV yahoo gets slapped with five or six figures in fines for damaging a creekway might make a few of their friends think twice about doing it a second time. You may also want to speak to your city council (if you have one) or to your MLA about stiffer penalties for trespassing while ATVing and about the impact this is having on your community and on the environment in your area.