 This is a doozy so my apologies for however long this post ends up being but it's a good story I swear. Part One - background info So I have a roommate this year who I met last year because he was one of my close friends roommates. Let's call my friend Carl and his roommate Ike. So because I was good friends with Carl I decided to room with him and Ike this year and things were going alright until Ike got involved with this girl. Let's call her Kat. So Ike got rejected hard by Kat and became very depressed and started writing in a small green journal almost constantly. My friend Carl has suffered from depression and suicidal thoughts in the past and so became really concerned about Ike. Carl ended up looking in the journal out of concern and found that Ike was writing about killing himself. Carl reported the journal to the RA (resident assistant) and RD (resident director). After reporting it Carl, Ike, and both the RA and RD sat down and talked about the issue and Ike explained that the journal is simply where he goes to vent and didn't really mean any of it (a little sus but ok). So things went back to normal after that until Kat started to come back into the picture. She broke up with her bf and aparently reconsidered her decision about Ike. They had sex once and then she told him that she didn't really want a relationship and that she was just horny and used him. This sent him into an even worse depression. Seeing this and knowing his past I decided to take another look in the journal to make sure everything was OK. The first entry was what Carl read, and beyond that things got worse. Even though he told Carl he was glad that he reported it, the journal told a very different story. In the journal Ike seemed extremely mad about what Carl had done and as I read things got worse. Ike wrote extensively about having multiple personality syndrome, and loneliness and about Kat. All of his writings about Kat are super possessive and serial killer-y. About how she's just scared to admit she loves him and how deep down she knows he's the only one for her. So pretty creepy. After reading it all I didn't see anything that I thought was dangerous for himself or others (just a bit creepy) so I kept it to myself. After that incident however Ike started treating us very badly and being rude and temperamental whenever we hung out so we decided that next year we wouldn't be living with him. We kept it from him for a bit because we didn't know how he would react but eventually had to break the news, and this is when things really started going down hill. He began shooting us dirty looks and stopped talking to us. We started hanging out without him and stopped inviting him to stuff and we thought that's just how things would be from then on until something extremely weird happened Part 2 - the actual threats One night at 2am I was in bed trying to sleep when I had to use the bathroom. I saw that the light was on under the door to my room so I knew Ike was in the living room and I didn't really want to get a dirty look and feel awkward to late at night so I figured I'd just wait until he went to bed. I see the light go off and wait for a bit for him to get settled before I go out. But I keep hearing him move around in the living room even ten minutes after the light went out. I decided I would just suck it up because at this point I really had to go. I walked to the door and pushed it open and suddenly heard movement. I looked into the living room and saw him dart behind the corner. I quickly went to the bathroom and then went back to bed, this was the first time I felt like he might actually be doing something suspicious and might hurt me or Kyle. I decided to look in his journal one last time. I found two more entries since the last time I looked. The first was when Kat first used him for sex and the second was from a week ago. The first entry was very concerning. He talked about how Kat's betrayal was the last straw and that he was renouncing all trust and romance to follow "the doctrine of absolute strength" and to serve his "master Jiren, the gray." We Googled Jiren the gray and found out that he's a character from dragon ball? So that was really weird. He also said "I don't need friends any more but I'll keep up appearances to entertain myself". The next entry was right after we told him we wouldn't be living with him. It reads as follows "hey book it's been a while again, they all betrayed me, Carl, u/thecub55, Sam, all of them. There is nobody left they even snuck out the other night to hang out without me. The weaklings even thought they had me fooled. I am far stronger than them both mentally and physically. Still not enough at all. I am still not near strong enough. One day absolute strength will be mine and I will never be hurt again. They are all liars and betrayers. Carl, Kat, all of them. One day I will make them all pay with my strength." I know it sounds like I'm making this us but I have photo evidence of every page of the journal. Obviously after we read that last part we were really freaked out. He had basically just threatened us. We reported it to the RA who reported it to the RD. I met with her today and expected her to tell us that this is really concerning but she did not seem to think it was a big deal. I told her that I wanted it reported to the proper authorities and that something should be done about it but she seemed focused on getting us to sit down and talk about it and work it out and all be friends again. I don't know if this is unreasonable but once skmeone threatens me I no longer want to be pals with that person. She told me that "there is nothing really to report to the police. It's not a direct threat and it's in his own personal property where he goes to vent and not directed at you." she refuses to pursue any other solution but believes she can solve everything by having us sit down with her and talk it all out. She's not a trained physchologist but is convinced she knows that he won't act on these threats. Is she right when she says that there's nothing to report? Is it not actually a crime for him to threaten us if it's in his own personal journal? What should we do? TL:DR Out roommate threatened us but the resident director says that there isn't anything to report to the police because it was in his own personal journal and wasn't a "direct threat"  There's too much there for anyone to read. You don't have to depend on your RA or RD to report a concern to the police. You are generally free to do so on your own. Though in this case the "threat" being written in a journal rather than directed toward you is very likely substantive. 's not a direct threat and it's in his own personal property where he goes to vent and not directed at you. This seems fairly reasonable. Certainly if he acts overtly threatening to you, that is a problem to be addressed. But how he may record his own thoughts in his own journal is his own business.