 I just found my spouse has been meeting up and fucking every female who will allow him to, whenever he gets the chance, all through our entire relationship. I found conversions dating from when we started dating until as little as 2 weeks ago. I’m utterly heartbroken and bereft. The only thing keeping me together is focusing on practical details, namely, anything we co-own and how I can get it away from him. My biggest focus right now is the house, as it’s the only thing I’m not willing to pay for if I’m on my own. Ideally, I’d like to sell it low and just get it off my hands, but I made a naive girl’s mistake and put his name on the title as a gesture of love when I bought it for us. He can’t even begin to afford it and he’s not on the mortgage anyway. But petty or not, I don’t want him to get a dime of whatever I may make by selling. Are there any tips or things I should know about getting his name off the title without his knowledge? Would he have to sign off? Can I do anything at al without him knowing first? I suppose all the same questions for a car title. Any help is much appreciated. Focusing on these things is all that’s keeping me from falling over the edge.  Thank you. I found some phone numbers of lawyers this afternoon after I found all the conversations. I plan on calling in the morning.  I was afraid of that. Well. No one to blame but myself.  You cannot change a title without a named person knowing. Could you imagine the insanity that would follow from a law that allowed that? If he's been your spouse for any period of time he likely had an ownership interest in the house regardless of title. This is doubly so if you're in a community property state. You'll need to file for divorce and seek a distribution of the assets. Whether infidelity is relevant depends on whether your state supports fault divorce. Don't do anything without first speaking to a lawyer. Im so very sorry you're going thru this but no you cant remove his name from either without his cooperation or knowledge. Just try to hire the meanest junkyard lawyer you can. 