 Okay I know going in this is a stupid question but maybe it'll start a discussion about how shitty it is being a renter... I am moving into a complex that is notorious for posting notices to enter apartments for tours in "two week intervals." I hate that and want to know if I can opt out. I like my privacy. And I recently had some drug dealing thief roommates who stole thousands of dollars worth of things from my bedroom. I am not comfortable with any one entering my home when I am not there. And when I say I'm not comfortable I mean I get physically ill at the thought. My anxiety kicks in and I imagine all the things I worked hard to replace being taken again. I also have a dog. He's super trained (service dog) and quiet and not aggressive but let's be real: some people see a dog and call it Kujo. I don't want to put my dog in the danger or have him feeling he has to defend himself. Can i ask a landlord to opt me out of tours if I tell him I am open to inspections, etc? I just don't want strangers in my Masterbation Mansion. Lol. Huh. Good ideas. Solid. Thanks so much!! I'm glad I posted as I would never of thought of those!!!! Seriously Thank You. That eased my stomach.  Whenever they post the notices to enter, post "warning: trained dog inside" right under it. Also, buy a Wyze cam, put an SD card in it, etc. No, you can't "opt out" of anything that you agreed to in your lease, nor generally anything that is permissible by your local city/county/state code. That is what was posted a few times on the [housing review]() and I saw a notice on someone else's door but the dates said the 3rd-the 5th of January, though I didn't look for a time. I was just being nosy if someone was being evicted. Lol. What do you mean by two week intervals exactly? The apartment is wanting permission to enter your unit at any time during a two week period?  First off/ you are FAST! I'm in a off-campus housing in Los Angeles. I think that's why there are so many tours but gosh darnit the place has free wifi and cable and my most dangerous neighbors are a Korean fraternity. Your location matters a lot here. If they come by and you're home you can just not let them in. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.