 Hello, I am going to court soon for sending a nasty email to my previous dysdunctional workplace which was unfortunately taken as a terroristic threat. I was really just speaking my mind in a very vulgar way, no threats were made, but it was mean and rotten to the core, I don't deny that, and yeah I'm no doubt in the wrong and I'm owning up to it. I have never been involved with the legal system before and I just graduated college, and since this I've basically given up all hope of any future career prospects, a wife and kids, and in general a happy life. I just want to do my part in society once I find where I fit in, I'm still not sure yet and obviously this workplace that I sent the email to wasn't it. I feel as though I should face some type of consequence for my actions, but not 5 years in jail, I'm already suicidal and that will make me really do it. I would like to opt for community service or something of the sort, or ARD if possible. I don't feel like I deserve jail or a record, but I deserve something. One thing to note is I'm mentally Ill, a borderliner, I always have trouble controlling my emotions and need proper psych care which I can't seem to find anywhere. Hopefully the judge would be leniant, but I'm not saying it's an excuse, just one of the reasons I behave the way I do sometimes. What are my possibilities of having my life completely ruined vs paying a reasonable debt to society and putting it behind me? I think I can beat it by showing I had no intent. Been reading up on the laws a bit. Could possibly get it reduced to disorderly conduct or some lesser charge. I'm completely broke because I'm mentally ill and unfit for work, so I have plenty of time just not money. Legit living on beans and rice. Strong charge and you’re going to spend time and money sorting it out... but not life altering as long as you learn from this. I’d plan for a hefty fine and many hours of community service at minimum. You’ll know much more at pretrial. Good luck to ya!  It's local, classified as a misdemeanor grade 1 Who is claiming jurisdiction? Feds or local? If it’s the Feds... it’s a very serious matter. Right now all you can really do is await pretrial and your PD will advise you then how this will go. Most certainly don’t give up! You’ll get past this. Just takes time and some work. No formal charges yet, I have a clean record as of now. I'm in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, and I'm registered with the public defender but am waiting for my prelim to speak with them because they said I couldn't until then.  Have you been charged with anything yet? Do you have a lawyer yet? What state are you in? IANAL, but this added info will help get you answers.  Completely 100% impossible to answer. Your lawyer should be abke to give you at least a general idea of what to expect though.