 So I was on the bus and I was talking with a girl. She said she saw a really attractive guy at lunch and told me about him. I soon realized it was my friend. As a joke when she got off I put up my phone with the camera app up as a joke that I would take I picture of her and send it to him. She yelled and told the bus driver that I toke a picture of her. The bus driver says she's gonna write me up and that it a felony (bullshit) to take someone picture with their permission. I say I didnt (I kinda did, by accident because the bus is bumpy but I deleted it immediately) so now I'm afraid of if she reports me, then they will search my phone, I deleted everything that could be perceived as bad , but I dont like the idea of them seeing everything in my phone or trying to recover the lost images. Are they allowed to fully confiscate my phone or just search it momentarily or with my dad present. I am 16 and live in PA, also how badly will I be punished most likely and could I really be charged with anything. Well then yes they are allowed to confiscate it but not look through it sooo it’s kinda complicated but if the bus is considered private property then they have to get a judge to say that they can , but you can probably get by by never mentioning the bus and saying you were on public land( which means it’s totally legal you don’t need consent) It's not so much the getting in trouble part that I'm worried about why I'm worried about is the search on my phone and severe embarrassment and questioning would receive for all the weird shit I have. On the schools bus so kinda. It wasn't illegal to take her picture. So, no, you won't be charged with anything. The school may be able to search your phone or discipline you for taking the picture, since they've got a wide latitude on what constitutes disruptive behavior. According to the ACLU of Pennsylvania, it's [unlikely they can demand to search your phone in that state over something like this.]()  It is massively unlikely that anything will come of it. If anything, they'll probably pull you into the office, tell you not to do what you did, and send you on your way. I wouldn't worry about it. You took a picture of someone, not murdered someone. Dont worry about it.  They are allowed to confiscate your phone, however it is illegal to go through your personal information. Also it is legal to take pictures of people in public areas so whether you were in the school or not that depends.