 Hi, to make this short and to the point my ex and I broke up in mid August following him beating the crap out of me. Two police reports were filed, but he was not charged because I didn’t have sufficient proof that all my bruising came from him. I also had to go to the hospital afterwards, and still have the hospital discharge records documenting the bruising. He created a fake reddit account today to write on my post that I should kill myself, harassed me on a separate comment totally unrelated to my posts, and sent me a very nasty reply when I messaged him and asked him to not contact me further. I never filed a peace/protection/restraining order because I moved to another state, but I’d like to file one now. Is the online harassment paired with the police reports and hospital records sufficient enough to obtain one of these? Will the fact that we’re in separate states now make anything more difficult? I don’t know any personal info about him anymore really. Thank you. I have an ex that won’t stop harassing me. It’s been years (literally) YEARS. He really needs to move on. I’ve been through it all girl. Ive been completely off all social media because of this. I have none and you know what -it’s made my life 1000000 times better. I’ll never go back to the social media life. Anywhoo you won’t get anywhere with online harassment. Unles you are under age which I highly doubt. You can keep it logged and screen shotted. In fact always log and screen shot any harm to you, But honestly your best to be left alone for good. Change your name , your number, then make your new account. But you can’t have your face on the front profile of anything. Pretty sure he has your family social media to check up on you there. Seriously some guys are psycho and go to great lengths. I got the most psycho one on earth. Years! But I’m living my best life now. So happy no regrets. Online harassment’s is annoying but let him do what he’s doing, take screenshots dates everything let him be salty and go live your new life.  I mean, I can prove it’s him. It’s not hard to track an IP address and he more or less admitted it was him in his message to me. I never said cyber stalking wasnt a crime. Just that the local pd do not have jurisdiction over a guy bothering you on the internet states away. Until he makes actual threats, there's nothing law enforcement will do. She has no restraining order, can't prove its really this guy, and no solid threats were made. Its not my opinion. Just the truth. You can call cyber security/fbi. But they'll tell you there's not much they can do for something like this either. Source. Spent 3 years being harassed by an ex online. He even got into my netflix and made it so all the shows about husbands murdering their wives were on my home screen. That's not a threat. He said "once im done with you, they'll have to call you tony montana. Scarface" again. Not a threat. This isn't a matter of my opinion. Police cannot do much about some guy bothering you online.  Yeah, it’s not true that online stalking or harassment is never a crime.  Try to document everything (screenshots); Hopefully if he catches wind of this it might be a deterrent  The police can't really do too much for online stalking. Until he does something in real life, its not a crime. Id suggest calling the non emergency number of your local pd and giving them a heads up about this guys behavior.  You can contact the police in his area and explain what's happening. They may /may not take action.  I blocked him everywhere within a couple days of our breakup and he’s making new accounts to bother me. I know people get harassed all the time but I have reports filed against him already from before so I wasn’t sure if that would help or not The good thing about online harassment is that you can block /ignore /change usernames. Millions get harassed everyday online. Law enforcement can't do much.  Don’t know about an employer or landlord. He was unemployed and relying on me when we broke up and I have not been paying attention to his life since. Family I could do. Police I could do but that leads back to my question, would it do anything? Done Collect and document everything, send to his employer, landlord, family, po!ice etc. Done. 