 I've just learned of my dad's passing last night and am left whiplashed today trying to handle things as the only person in his life to do so. He lived and died in Washington County, OR, USA. I have contacted the medical examiner and funeral home and the process of filing? creating? his death certificate is underway. I have been in contact with the hotel where he has spent his last months and where he was found and am traveling to Oregon tonight to go tomorrow and retrieve his personal affects. My biggest concern about getting everything in order is his storage unit. I've spoken with them today, too, and was told that with a letter of administration or executorship of estate, I can gain access to his storage unit. In said storage unit is his filing cabinet in which I will find his life insurance policy (which I know he has) and possibly a will (which I'm not sure exists). I've just attempted to call the Washington County Probate Court to see if I could be provided with information as to what my next steps should be after I have the death cert in hand. I was told that the court can provide me with no information, no advice, no paperwork and that I should call a lawyer. Great advice. But I can't afford to think about a lawyer without his life insurance policy. Which I can't get to without executorship. Which I can't get without a lawyer. Which I can't afford without the life insurance. I just have no idea where to go from here. Besides, of course, call a lawyer. I'm dizzy and wondering if you fine folks have any advice. When a person dies, someone or some organization has to be appointed to take care of the estate. Basically, that involves identifying assets and debts, paying off the debts, and distributing what's left to the heirs. That does include safeguarding assets. If ther is a will, that's the named executor. If there is no will (called being "intestate"), the court appoints an administrator or representative (title varies by state) to handle the estate. Depending on the state, there can be a waiting period between the time you petition for the appointment and the time it is granted, to allow someone to come out of the woodwork and object to the appointment. Whether or not there is a will, you aren't the legal representative until the court hands you a piece of paper confirming it. The estate must then go through probate. Some or all assets can’t be distributed to heirs without the judges approval, depending on state law. In the absence of a will, assets are distributed in accordance with state law. A surviving spouse usually gets all or at least the lion's share. Children come next. The first thing you need to find out--is there a will? If the will is most likely in that storage unit, then you have a problem. You may need to be appointed as administrator of an intestate estate, just so you can get into that storage unit. You are most likely going to need an attorney for this. You will have to find out what you need to do to get into that storage unit. The usual deal is that the attorney is paid from the estate, but the attorney may want an upfront retainer. It is possible to petition to be administrator of the estate without an attorney, but you want to get it right. Oregon has simplified procedures for probating small estates, "if the estate’s personal property is valued at no more than $75,000 and real property is valued at no more than $200,000, for a total aggregate estate value of no more than $275,000." Whether you can get that life insurance money right away is going to depend on how the policy is written. If you are the beneficiary, you can collect it immediately. If there is no beneficiary listed, then it is part of the estate. How soon the company will pay it to the estate is going to depend on the company. They are going to want those Letters. Oregon requires that probate be opened for at least 4 months, to allow any creditors to come forward. (By the way, if your father left debts, you are not liable for them; his estate is.) By the way, you will need more than one death certificate. Everyone--banks, the IRS, Social Security, you name it--will want one. [What is probate?]() from the Oregon State Bar is a start for you. You can also walk away from everything, refuse to handle the estate. That, however, will mean you need to use your own funds for cremation.  Call an estate lawyer. Many lawyers will give an initial consultation for free, during which you describe your situation, and they let you know what they can do and how much it will cost, and sometimes they will give you advice on what you can do without their help. 