 I signed a lease on 1/22 and the official move-in date for what I paid for was 2/1. I moved my stuff in on the 1/28. My roommate said before I signed the lease that there was internet. A few days after moving in, he said his ex is taking the modem and that he doesn't want internet, so I have to pay for it if I wanted it. I'm an online student, so the internet was a necessity for me and I told him this in the interview. This was the first problem. A couple days later, he's talking very loudly on the phone in his room next to mine at 11pm. In the interview I stated that I needed quiet hours, as I have to be up early to study for school and go to work. Another night goes by, he's blasting music for over 4 hours. I asked him in a text (his preferred method of communicating) if he could please turn down his music, he wanted to talk IRL and say that he wasn't being disruptive and that I needed to find a new place to live. I called my landlord and told her what happened and that I wanted to give my 30 days notice. I told her I was worried about lease termination fees and she said to not worry about it because I haven't even lived there for 30 days. My belongings were stored there for 17 days, I spent 4 nights there. Then I got an email from her saying "I want to make sure you both understand the lease agreement since your both bound under one contract. .5 x rent once you both move out or both of you will be liable for the full month rent Regardless if only one person stays. " I've paid my rent of February already. Basically, does this sound like I will need to take the other roommate to small claims court to divide the cost of breaking the lease early? I misunderstood thinking I'd be paying $600 (half the total cost of rent, it's $1200 but we split it) if I broke the lease when it looks like she needs $1200 in order for me to leave early, which I can't afford right now. This guy is very passive and somewhat aggressive, so I don't think he will want to pay anything at all for me to leave. I also feel like I was manipulated to moving in as this roommate went against everything we verbally agreed on in the interview. Thanks all for reading.  The landlords talked to me and they said after hearing about what happened, they don’t want to rent the room out to another person. He can’t afford $1200 on his own and because we broke the lease, they’re sending him an eviction warning. They told me I’m not being evicted but that I’m getting the same letter as him.  If you have an eviction on your record it’s not even close to being solved and done. There is a good chance you won’t be able to get a place to rent for the next 7 years. I don’t know what transpired between yesterday and now, but FYI there is a chance you might get sued by your roommate for damages.  We were able to break the lease. Since I left, he has to be evicted now. Not sure if I’ll have an eviction on my record now but it looks like it’s about to be solved and done with.  Then your pretty much screwed. Your roommate isn’t responsible for you breaking the contract. If you can’t work out a deal with the landlord for you to be able to break the lease and your roommate to sign a new one if he wishes to stay there isn’t anything you can do. Like it or not you signed a contract, you don’t get to simply change your mind now. No, the landlord doesn't want to sublet.  Can you sublet?