 As the title says me and my wife got married a few years ago and I've been wanting to adopt my stepson. He hasn't been around his real dad at all and hasn't had any contact or seen him. My stepson is 8 years old and will be 9 in August let's call him John. John's "father" hasn't been around John since he was born and hasn't been trying to see him until last week. The father let's call him Jacob has a wife of 2+ years and raised her kids instead of raising his own. One of our friends in the police force told us that Jacob's wife is crazy and he gets called out there numerous times for them fighting and hitting each other and we don't want our son around that and getting our son hurt. But we know if we try to do a step parent adoption John's father won't let it happen and we'll end up going to court. Is there anything we can do to help us not put our son around that?  INAL- but I would hire a lawyer and look into filing abandonment. 2 years is typically enough in most states. Tricky now that he suddenly wants contact but you could try for it.  But won't we have to tell the court or whoever who the father is? We're sure he won't let it happen because he's just now wanting to see his son.  Okay, if the father is not on the birth certificate and has never filed for paternity, then he has no legal relationship with the child at all. He has no right to visitation, etc until he establishes paternity. [An overview of how to do that in Illinois](). What this means is that you want to speak to a family law attorney soon about step-parent adoption. Presently the child has only one legal parent: the mother. If an adult male is willing to step up and say "I'd like to adopt and be legally responsible for this child", the court's attitude towards this is usually "Sure!" It is considered good as a matter of public policy if a child has two parents, so a court is unlikely to deny your petition. Because the father has not bothered to establish paternity, he would have no standing in the case. So get it done before he gets the bright idea to file a paternity action.  You may be able to use that against him in court but you'll need a family law attorney to get the process started. They will be able to give you a better idea of what your expectations should be going into this.  Illinois He has multiple battery charges on his record and one for beating his wife up at her work.  What state is this in? It matters.  I edited the post to say he's not on birth certificate and they were never married. Never been to court over it either. He's never been around at all.  You will have to get his approval to adopt the child even if he isn't on the birth certificate the only other option is to get the court to compel it. Absent any CPS or abuse cases against Jacob, that isn't going to happen. He is the father and he has rights.  The father is not on the child's birth certificate? Was he married to your wife at the time of the child's birth? Is there some other legal order/arrangement that would confirm his paternity?  He isn't on the birth certificate. They were never married. Plus cops have been over there many times for them fighting with one another. There should be something we can do.  I understand that, but until the court determines he is unfit to parent, you can't keep the child away from him legally.  He's already said that he would pay child support to see his son but we don't trust his wife or him in any way with our son.  I would go ahead and start the adoption process. He will need to agree to it or have his rights removed by the courts. However, if he hasn't been around in 8 years, there is a good chance that the threat of child support will stop him from pursing custody or stopping the adoption. Your other options don't secure the child away from the father either. At this point, he could file for custody at any time and take you to court for visitation. 