 I've looked over every link in the sidebar and also have googled for hours but can't find this information, apologies if I've missed it somewhere. From the ages of 12-18 I endured relentless sexual abuse from my uncle, whom my family and I have lived with. I am 21 now. This abuse ranged from things like molestation, to watching me shower, peeping through my curtains, flashing himself to me, forcing me to touch him sexually, and groping me. I have no proof of any of this, except maybe some chat logs where I confided in friends from years ago. I have extensive CPTSD(undiagnosed, I can't afford therapy. You can't ignore emotional flashbacks, though), and so much emotional pain from this that I love with every day and every night from my night terrors. I don't want money, just for him to get justice. I want to file a police report, but I have no idea what to expect after that. 1. What kind of lawyer would I need? 2. Could my chat logs be proof? 2a. If not, I have no proof. Is this even worth trying, or is it a waste of time? 3. What happens after I file? Forgive my ignorance, but I've never filed a police report or gone to court or anything with the law. 4. Would I have to testify in front of him? 5. Would I have to sue separately for therapy and lawyer costs? Or could I even get awarded those things? Thanks for reading this far, sorry about all the questions. Before I relive my trauma all over again I just want to make sure there's even something that can be done about all of this. Again, thanks in advance!  For a civil suit, you'd want a Personal Injury attorney with experience handling cases involving child sexual abuse. Civil suits have their own statute of limitations, and in most cases they are not worth pursuing unless the respondent/s has assets you could collect from. My knowledge of civil law is very limited but I'll see if I can find someone on LA that could better address your questions. Generally speaking, police reports are filed in the jurisdiction in which the crime took place. Although certain offenses can be prosecuted depending on the citizenship of the victim, it's hard to answer the question without knowing the specifics.  Will definitely get in contact! I actually went to the rainn website today to ask some of these questions but the wait time was long. I'll try again soon. What kind of attorney would I need to file a civil suit? Also, if the crime took place in one country, and I live in a different one, which one would I choose to file the police report in? Or does it matter? Also thanks! It's taken years to get here, haha [This may be helpful]() it's published by RAINN.  1. As you are the victim, you don't need a lawyer to file a police report. 2. Your testimony is the best evidence there is. If you have access to the chat logs, you can make them available to the police. 3. After you file a report, the police will decide whether or not to open an investigation. If there is an investigation, the police will contact you, your uncle and anyone else who might confirm/deny your story. 4. Depending on the results of the police investigation, prosecutor's office will decide whether or not to press charges against your uncle. At this point your uncle might plead guilty and accept a plea bargain, or opt for a trial. If there is a trial, you might be asked to testify in court. The Prosecutor assigned to your case will help to prepare you, and most victims find testifying beneficial to their recovery. 5. You're the victim and don't need a lawyer to file a police report, or to represent you during any criminal proceedings. The prosecutor will act on your behalf. If you would like to sue for damages to cover the cost of therapy, then that is a civil matter and you should find an attorney to represent you. You should definitely contact [RAINN]() for help and support in this process.