 Additionally, we dont want to sell unless we have to. We must be able to pay off debt. Is it possible??  As described other sister is completely irrelevant. She can try fighting all she wants but she signed away her interest. I would contact an attorney in your specific state. My Texas understanding may lead you down a different road based on these facts.  The rental isn’t a bad thought! Only issue is this is the house my wife was brought home to, raised in, watched her father die and and watch her mother fade before her eyes. So SHE needs a clean break sale or to stay via HELOC. Mom is legally owner by deed in process to only my wifes name. Meanwhile, they are both POA for financial and medical decisions (mom is DNR).  Yes okay: 1) the deed was in the moms name since the dad passes (mom has late stage Alzheimer’s and has to live in a protective facility, but my wife took care of her for 3 years in that condition before that, and both of her parents before that-not so good sister was out finding husbands and saying no to all requests for financial help). 2) when dad died not-good sister agreed (with legal docs) to “gift” good sister the house. Mid January, final paperwork was signed. 3) no mortgage correct we paid it ourselves, no help from not/good sister. So, issue A: If Selling, not-good sister expects HALF for being one of two sisters of these parents that good sister took care of despite being ridiculed for living at home at her age (couldnt afford all their expenses plus her own). Other sister blames me as the new wife for having a strong opinion on all that. If not selling, we face credit and DTI issues but, 1) deed in good sister (my wife’s name) 2) no loans or liens, 100% equity. Due due debt/finances and nobody either or our lives care to help, so its just us and this decision. Only options: A) sell and face epic battle for undeserved money from not good sister B) HELOC which avoids sister conflict, still allows full debt payoff, but we are not the high score, high income, low DTI perfect candidate. Im sorry for not being clear. Im asking if the HELOC sounds possible because otherwise our life will suck so hard it will have it’s own dark theme music, with the Vader alert music whenever the other sister arrives!! To me it sounds like mom owns half and good sister owns half, and bad sister has no rights. She gifted whatever she did or didn’t have. She can’t claim anything if true. Also I’m not sure I see debt to income ratio issues when good sister, as your wife, has a half interest (or more) in a fully paid off asset. You have substantial collateral to cover the loan. My suggestion would be to rent the home, use the income to pay down any debts while retaining the large equity stake in the home. You could even take a small heloc to start reducing debt, could cover payments with rent from tenant, and likely still make a profit.  Yes okay: 1) the deed was in the moms name (she has Alzheimer’s and has to live in a protective facility. 2) when dad died not-good sister agreed (with legal docs) to “gift” good sister the house. Mid January, final paperwork was signed. 3) no mortgage correct we paid it ourselves, no help from not/good sister. So, issue A: If Selling, not-good sister expects HALF for being one of two sisters of these parents that good sister took care of despite being ridiculed for living at home at her age (couldnt afford all their expenses plus her own). Other sister blames me as the new wife for having a strong opinion on all that. If not selling, we face credit and DTI issues but, 1) deed in good sister (my wife’s name) 2) no loans or liens, 100% equity. Due due debt/finances and nobody either or our lives care to help, so its just us and this decision. Only options: A) sell and face epic battle for undeserved money from not good sister B) HELOC which avoids sister conflict, still allows full debt payoff, but we are not the high score, high income, low DTI perfect candidate. Im sorry for not being clear. Im asking if the HELOC sounds possible because otherwise our life will suck so hard it will have it’s own dark theme music, with the Vader alert music whenever the other sister arrives!! This doesn't make much sense. Who's name(s) are on the property? Who is the PoA for and who was it granted to? Is the property up for sale, being sold, in escrow, etc.? What debts are you trying to pay off? Also... what's your location? For clarification, home has no mortgage and only one owner, namely ‘good sister’? I’m not seeing where ‘other sister’ has rights? Who granted POA? Was POA general or only included specific rights? Fact pattern is unclear here. Other parties not obvious. 