 Hi all, I recently moved into a new place with one of my mates via an agency. We viewed the place and all appeared to be good and the heating and gas was working just fine during the viewing. However, upon moving in, the troubles began. We found the boiler was flashing 'F1' for some kind of ignition failure, and upon further inspection, discovered that we had been cut off from the external system altogether and that we were not connected to the gas line at all, meaning no gas hobs and no heating. We contacted the agency who told us they would look into it, and an engineer came round and discovered that the "part" to connect us to the gas line was "missing" despite no one having come round to remove it, and that it would take a week to order in the new part. Flash forward a week and a half and the new part comes in (At this point I've asked for the landlord's name and address, to which the agency states they cannot give it to us due to "data protection laws". I have since learned this is total bollocks and under the landlord and tenancy act 1985, they must provide these details. However, upon asking for these details, they bring us electric heaters and say they'll reduce rent for the first week), the engineer calls my mate and tells him he just needs to turn on the valve and fire up the boiler. Bizarrely, it appears as though the gas isn't hooked up at all (). It has been near 3 weeks now without gas or heating. Can anyone provide me with the best course of legal action to take from here? Thank you! No problem, good luck! Thanks for your well-written and thoughtful response! This is in a small town just outside of Cambridge (Duxford). They've given us another update and told us the gas and heating should be fully working by Friday. If not I will follow through with your recommendations. Where in the UK? Depending on location, you may qualify for what's called repair and deduct. Basically, this is where you pay for the repair up front and get it done ASAP, then deduct your expenses from later rent payments. There are some special procedures to follow with that, so again, location is key. If you happen to be in England or Wales, here's a good resource I found. Another potential option is reporting your landlord. Check out the citizens advice bureau website for more information about your rights. Heat in living spaces is required, as outlined in landlord responsibilities If your LL is not meeting health/safety requirements (such as heat and if you have a gas stove, this falls under that too since landlords must provide facilities for food prep) as outlined in section 11 of the landlord and tenant act of 1985, you can report them to the Health and Safety Executive. Getting a report from the health department might light a fire under their asses to fix things. This process is further outlined here I'm not a lawyer or from the UK, these are just resources to get you started. Also, post to r/legaladviceUK too