 I separated from my husband in April after he relapsed with his heroin addiction. He only confessed about his addiction in March; he had kept it hidden for a year. I also have an OP against him that’s good for a year. I gave birth to our daughter at the end of July. I wouldn’t have married him and I wouldn’t have come off of my birth control had he been honest about his drug addiction. I absolutely love my daughter but I wouldn’t have gotten pregnant had I known about his problem. I’ve been shopping around for lawyers to take him to family court and get all that situated. According to his sister he’s gotten a lawyer and will be pressing criminal charges against me for “alienating him from his daughter.” 1. He hasn’t petitioned the family court yet either. 2. He’s a heroin addict who overdosed just last month 3. He has nowhere to bring the baby because his sisters want nothing to do with him and his mother’s house is an absolute shithole (her own daughters don’t bring their kids over there) 4. He has no steady job and only occasionally works under the table 5. He’s got criminal charges that are coming from stealing and forging checks from me (I’m waiting to hear back from the court clerk about that) and from robbing our neighbors. And he was just picked up on a bench warrant last week for skipping a court date for his driving without a license arrest. Do I need to be worried about charges? Also alienation of affection is not a criminal violation, it is a concept in child custody proceedings. And It is unlikely to apply here. However you should talk to your lawyer about whether it makes sense to allow (consent) to your husband (soon to be ex-husband) to have supervised visits with your infant even if only for a short period of time. This will make you appear reasonable and will help you down the road. Thank you! I wouldn't be overly concerned about it - while theoretically parental alienation can be considered a form of child abuse in some states it's extremely difficult to prove to begin with let alone on an infant and regardless it's unlikely something you'd ever lose custody over it unless you refuse to follow any court orders.If you get a court notice you do need to respond and should get an attorney at that time. Your best interest at this point in time is to find a family law attorney and have a custody plan and child support put in place. If he wants a relationship with his child it's unlikely the court will bar all visitation but considering he has criminal charges pending and no place to bring the child you might be looking toward supervised visits or something of that nature.