 I was given a gift of a motorcycle last Christmas. My credit was ran and my name is on the title of the vehicle. I accepted the gift under the terms that I would not be paying for it. However, I did financially contribute roughly 20% of the total cost. I initially was uncomfortable with such a large purchase, but after multiple talks, I was convinced it was a gift and gave in. My ex boyfriend has been scamming financial aid. He pays his friend to do the work for him and then uses the rest of the money to make irresponsible purchases. I.e multiple motorcycles, expensive gaming equipment. He also manipulates his rich father for money to fuel his irresponsible lifestyle. He brags and boasts about using the free money for whatever he wants. When we were still together, my ex said I could sell the bike and keep the money. However, he insisted on a certain buyer, a friend of a friend, who I do not even know and have never met. He accepted a deposit of $300 to hold the bike. I did not know any of this at the time. When I found out I was angry. So when we broke up I moved out and took all my possessions with me, including the motorcycle. Since I took my bike with me when I left, he is now threatening to sue me in civil court for the cost of the down payment he made when it was purchased. He used school disbursement money to fund this transaction. Multiple times when I told him he never should have gotten me the bike, he told me he would have otherwise spent the money on frivolous, miscellaneous, and unnecessary purchases. He’s been caught in his lies before with his father and been threatened to be cut off. Everything he tells his dad is a lie. I want to tell his dad what’s been going on and all the lies he’s been told. I think his father deserves the right to know the truth. His father is currently financially stressed over his mother’s medical expenses as she is wheelchair bound. I do fear for legal action he may take against me, but for right now, it’s all talk. I have not been served with any papers. He threatened that by Monday I would be served the suit. I’ve been extremely stressed about the whole break up and his harassment is making it worse. Any thoughts or advice on this situation?  Your BF is deliberately incurring student loans for classes he is t taking and spending the money on bullshit. That is pretty close to the perfect way to fuck your financial future to the maximum possible degree. Student loans are pretty much the most permanent, inescapable form of debt in the US. He is hyper fucked. Until he sued you for the motorcycle tell him to fuck off.  Nope. His decision, his problem. How he misuses his money is not your fault, nor does his decision to commit fraud somehow give him the ability to reclaim his gifts to you. His attempt to sell your bike only obligates him to refund the buyer - it doesn't obligate you to complete the sale. _However_, his creditors may be able to come after you on a theory of fraudulent conveyance, which would allow them to recover the value of that gift from you. If you're served with notice of a lawsuit, go directly to an attorney. Until then, the block button is your friend. You're free to tell his father what he's doing, if you like, but it doesn't really involve you past the personal level. There's a good chance his dad knows his son's no good and is either living in denial or has decided this is the best course of action.