 I live in my parents rental. The property next to us was sold last spring to a couple. There is a a fence that runs down along the property line. The property line is weird as their porch and driveway touch the property line. Last spring and summer, the people had a neighbor mow half way into my yard. I was assaulted over moving their garbage from my yard by another neighbor (not couple). And also over moving a vehicle into this part of my yard had the assaulter follow me around. The assaulter is good friends of the couple. I heard through the grape vine that the couple feels humiliated about the situation last summer. After getting stalked by the lady, stuff got to be calmed down A LOT. Either the couple got a property line surveyed or had a couple more neighbors back me up on the property line location. Either way, a lot of the crazy nonsense stopped. I was away at my parents house for the holiday and just came home. I saw the couple has removed the fence half way out of the yard. Since their friend assaulted me, they never tried to speak to me and go frozen if they see me. I honestly do not know their names at all but I met their son who is the property owner. He seemed normal but at the time was scared I was going to call the cops on all of them (for assault). I am now scared I am going to have to relive another 6 months of assault and abuse. Basically will I be attacked if I mow my yard or park my vehicle in my side yard. I am petrified of my assaulter (who lives on the other side of neighbor). And do not know why these people would remove half of the fence out of the yard (its only 2 years old). How do I handle this? If someone physically attacks you, call the police. Notify your parents of the vandalism to their property if your parents own the fence.  The women who did this to me has had the cops on her for assault before. I have witnessed it. She was telling me she was going to break my jaw, hence her leaving her property before being talked down by other people. I do not care if they move it or not. I want them out of my yard and do not want it to look like they own more than they actually do. Verbal assault isn't really a thing. It might be a loose case of assault by physical menace but you would have to have been in legitimate fear of death of bodily harm. It sounds like it's their fence and they have the right to remove it. If you continue to have issues you can contact the police for them harassing you. I would document everything and if things get worse apply for restraining order against the offending neighbors. Verbal assault where she ran into the alley in front of the house after me. The house next door and across the street from me talked her down before she hit me. There was pegs in the line from previous surveys. The property line matches another property line in the back alley and I know because I lived in the house my whole life, and the property orignally was owned by cousins (who put the porch on the property line). You could go from electric pole to electric pole also. Its a highly defined property line and was even used to survey other property lines. The people who the bank forclosed on and these people bought from the bank put the last fence in. Before we (with cousin) had it 50/50 ownership as it was on the property line. What type of assault occurred? Did they physically strike you? How do you know where the property line is? Who owns the fence?