 (TX) I purchased a vehicle in July. The owner of the title was a relative to the owner who didn't sign the title properly. Now I went to registrate the vehicle for which I had to get the paperwork to transfer the ownership. Now the guy who sold me the vehicle made the signature exactly like the owner on the vehicle title, but didn't sign it correctly. After a while of coming back and forth I found the original owner which agreed to sign the documentation on both the title and transfer form, which he happily agreed after finishing I went back to the local place for registration and the lady told me I had to bring him in and fill a Affidavit of Fact. Now they want to charge me for the months in which the transfer wasn't done. And in order to prove that the fine shouldn't be charged he must fill the Affidavit of Fact. I'm short on money and the registration expired on January. I know I was very irresponsible for not doing this earlier. Anyone who has been on the same situation, some advice would be great.... Tldr: I purchased a vehicle who was gifted to someone else but the title was on someone else name, trying to get it transfer so I can get the plates. English is my second language, I apologize for any grammar or spelling errors. If you just need the documents notarized, try taking them to your bank. Most banks will notarize documents for free.  Will have to suck it up. Thanks for the insight! I appreciate the insight. I guess paying the fine will be easier than getting a notary.  20% of the time these people are simply avoiding taxes and fees. 80% of the time, they are "curbstoning" and selling cars without a dealer license. You were irresponsible not doing this when you bought the car. You owe the delinquent fees. Do not make this worse by attempting to forge or produce fraudulent Affivadits of Fact. Not as familiar with TX law, but in my state we can be charged pretty hefty fees if the registration lapses without renewal. You will have to have the contact the original owner and get the affidavit signed in the presence of a notary to prove that the paperwork was filed incorrectly. 