 Hi all, My wife and I (in Massachusetts) purchased a condo in November of last year. During the sale process our realtor told us all about the fantastic benefits of the condo association like paying for water / heat, handling maintenance, yard work, insurance, etc and explained the monthly condo dues. After owning for about a month, we found out in December that the condo association that was described didn't exist (we found this out because the heat went out since oil delivery stopped). The previous owner of the building was managing it, but ceased all operation as soon as we bought (we were the final unit in a 4 unit building to be sold). It turned out there were barely any reserves, the monthly condo dues didn't cover the heating bill alone, there was no bank account, etc. We have an association document that spells out the rules and the (insufficient) dues, but that's it. My wife and I have been forced to spend money out of pocket to keep the heat on, change over all of the utilities, shop around for better master insurance, shovel snow, etc. All of the things we explicitly didn't want to do which lead to us buying a condo. Do we have any options here? We've only owned the place for 3 months now, so selling doesn't seem to be on the table. Thanks for any advice! Your realtor should have advised you better if they knew you wanted a low maintenance lifestyle. A 4 unit condo is not going to be as hands off in general as a larger building would be, and really renting is going to be the most hands off. Because of the size it would be cost prohibitive to have a regular on site property manager for the HOA, so one of the home owners would need to handle the in person stuff. Like identify damage in the common areas and other maintenance checks, make sure vendors are doing when they say they are doing, rules enforcement. Then you can either go purely self managed, or use a company for the offsite management. They can still handle many owner issues, paying bills, collecting dues, soliciting quotes for repairs from vendors, other back office issues like making sure you have the right kind of insurance, filing taxes as a not for profit and the associated bookkeeping. With self managing there is a larger chance of a conflict of interest. The person in charge can get away with not paying dues, or breaking other rules with little oversight. The developer turnover is an issue, but it can take longer to resolve and likely means the owners will need a special assessment to retain a lawyer and pursue. Failing to fund the reserves, conduct an initial reserve study, turnover the records, conduct an election can all be legally actionable. I would also want to check over the recent financials. The mortgage co generally would not approve the purchase if there were no liquid funds for operating expenses, and if the HOA was not contributing at least 10% of the gross dues to the reserves in excess of the regular monthly bills. It is possible the developer or management company has not turned over all of the accounts. The HOA should also consult with an attorney on the likely outcomes and cost to pursue this. It sounds like the immediate issue is with the property management company. You should either get homeowners to volunteer and handle different tasks and go self managed, or interview and hire a new management company instead of sticking with the one who is failing you. It is also worth it for the HOA to consult with an attorney to recover the HOA management fees paid, or pursue damages from the management companies negligence.  Good call! We can, but not until summer. The way their plan works is not them extending us credit so much as us pre-paying and that can't start until we don't need the oil. Don't worry, you didn't come across as snarky. This is good advice and what we've been working / doing. The bills are getting paid and we're slowly getting finances in order. Our frustration is that had we known this was the situation, we never would've bought the condo and are very likely going to sell soon (when we can recoup what we put in). Our purchase was very heavily because we were excited about having an "association" take care of everything and didn't realize that we would end up being that association. If we have to chalk this up to "live and learn" I can handle that, but it really feels to me like some bait and switch on the realtor's part. Things like this are probably obvious to people who have owned condo's in the past, but we had no idea and the realtor knew that.  Since you're shoveling snow and paying for oil it sounds like you're in the middle of winter. Can you talk to the oil company about setting up a payment plan? You can pay throughout the year ( even in the summer when you don't need heating ) maybe then the Condo dues can cover it. I don't mean any of this to be snarky -- I'm really sorry your realtor misled/misinformed you and you are only realizing this now, but...I think your expectations were somewhat unreasonable when buying into a condo building that only has 4 units. The biggest being, condo associations aren't some 3rd party thing. You and your neighbors are the association. When there are 100 units, some people can be more involved and others can step back, but when there are only 4 units you kinda have to be involved. When my partner lived in a similar building, each unit was required to hold one of the positions on the board (pres, vp, treasurer, secretary). Basically the whole building met once a month to chat about things. (It was great though, always ended with wine!) Also, what happened to you with the transfer of "ownership" of the COA is typical and appropriate: builders/developers do typically create the first CA or HOA, because at that point they are owners, and it's good to get a framework in place as people start moving in, because if anyone moves in without an HOA in the covenants, it can be hard to add them later. But once a certain percentage of units have been sold, the ownership is transferred to the actual owners of the units. The developer isn't going to stay involved indefinitely. And you wouldn't want them to! The condo association is the association of the people who actually own the units. They certainly could have done a more graceful handoff, though, that was for sure shitty of them. What you need to do: Get together with your neighbors. Review the copies of everything you were given. If you want to change anything, the 4 of you can do whatever you want -- you as a group get to decide what should be the condo associations responsibilities and what should be individual responsibilities. Then figure out how things are going to get done -- you can all pay dues and then hire a property management company and never have to worry about anything again. Or maybe one of the units is willing to take on more "property management" type stuff in return for not paying dues. The 4 owners will need to work together to figure it out. My guess is you may be able to file a complaint against the realtor, but I don't think you have any cause for legal action against anyone.  Yes, we're working together with the other units to figure it out. Our main objection is that we didn't want to do any of this and wouldn't have purchased the condo had we known this was the situation. There's nothing official, but my wife and I have straightened out all of the utilities, opened a bank account in the condo's name, and are collecting dues out of necessity. We're still floating the fuel bills on our own credit card though because our dues can't cover them. Yes, that seems to be what happened. The other owners were paying into an HOA with a property manager who handled bills, maintenance, upkeep, etc (the arrangement we were told would exist when we made our offer and closed) and when our unit (the last vacant unit) was purchased, the previous owner left without any of us being aware that's what was going to happen.  For them there was an association. The owner of the building who renovated it and sold the condos was running the association. We were told that this was how it worked all through the purchasing process, but once we closed the owner stopped payment on everything and we were told we had to form our own association. We're (along with the 3 other units) currently depositing checks into a bank account we opened in a new condo trust's name. That is good news that the others are occupied. Even if you did not do anything about the utilities, the other owners likely would have. The mortgage company should have reviewed the condo financials in some capacity and decided they are good enough. The best thing to do is meet with the other owners and either hire a management company, or decide for some of the home owners to be in charge of the HOA and handle collecting dues, paying bills for utilities, and maintaining the common areas. Even if the building was recently renovated it is a good idea to get a reserve study done to predict your maintenance costs for the next 5+ years, and make sure that dues are set appropriately. This very likely means raising the dues, or having a special assessment. Are any of the other residents the HOA president or treasurer now, or is no one doing it and everyone is a new homeowner? Was the HOA turned over from the developer recently? You may have additional recourse against the developer for failing to maintain reserves or their other actions and it is worth consulting with a real estate attorney. So how are you paying fees to this non existent condo association? Someone must be cashing the checks. What do the other condo owners say? Were they also under the assumption there was an association that paid for all of this? Perhaps you 4 owners need to get together and form this association. Yes, the other 3 units are also owner occupied. We were the final unit to buy after the condo was re-modeled. We bought with a mortgage.  I went through the documents and I did get a document showing the annual budget and how it's distributed, but we know now that the numbers were definitely not accurate. We did not get any past expenditures (perhaps because it was the condo's first year of operation?). We do have a mortgage.  Are the other 3 units occupied? Did you buy the home without a mortgage? You very much should have gotten more than just what the monthly dues are. Part of the buying process of a condo involves getting balance sheets for the association, monthly expenses, and usually a yearly report showing income/expenditures. If you got this and didn't read/notice it, you may be in trouble but that seems really unlikely as it's typically one of your potential objections as a buyer. If your broker failed to provide this, you may want to look into going after them. Source: Have bought a few condos.  This is definitely something to see a real estate attorney over. You may have a claim against the realtor, and the previous owner.  That is a good start. If the condo association is just broken- you likely need to get the condo board to push for a special assessment (you will also get hit with a fee) to recapitalize. If the condo association was never intended to cover all of this, I would seek out a lawyer to see what options you have against your real estate agent. This is likely not only a huge violation of ethics, and her licensing - but also possibly fraud and misrepresentation.  Thanks for the response! We definitely got a copy of the rules when we bought, but I don't think we received anything about finances other than the monthly dues (which was in the rules document). Our real estate agent definitely told us verbally multiple times about what all was included in the condo dues and what the "association" provided. We clarified this carefully because we specifically wanted a condo to not have to handle typical home owner things like this. When the heat went out, they were the first person we contacted and they apologized and said they don't sell condos often. I can check to see if we have anything in writing that spelled out what the association was supposed to be responsible for.  You should have gotten a copy of the condo association rules, finances, etc when you bought the property. Was this spelled out that they covered the items specified? Or are they just broken now and can no longer afford to cover the items? Did your real estate agent tell you all of this about the association? You might have a a case to report her to the local licensing body. 