 So im renting a room in PA and I have a live-in landlord (first mistake) and according to him, I am too loud at night (literally just talking to friends online with paper thin walls and hes next door) I dont even feel like fighting it tho I probably could but he told me hes giving me 2 days after the first and will take 17.74 out of my security deposit for the days I stay. I guess my main questions are, 1. Can he actually take money out of my security deposit for that and 2. How long is actually supposed to give me because 3 days to move out seems a bit absurd. Im sorry I am just very ignorant when it comes to these things as im 20 and this is the first time ive ever moved out of home.  It is sloppily written. If he hasn't given you your Pennsylvania Landlord Notice to Vacate form then he hasn't done it correctly. But it sounds like he has only given you a few days notice.  How does it mean before rent is due? It simply just states “Either party may, with 30 days written notice, cancel this agreement” The landlord has to give a 30-day notice before the rent is due (according to your lease). So if he wanted you out before January 2019 he would have to tell you in November (before Dec 1st). If he has not given you written notice then your lease is still in effect and you owe him rent for January 2019. (Not deducted from your deposit). If he wants you out ask for your 30-day written notice. (A 30-day notice can be anywhere from 30-60 days depending on when in the month it was given). Example if he tells you November 1 to be out before Jan 1 that is 60 days. He could tell you November 30 to be out and that would be 31 days. Both are a 30-day notice. And when he should have given you the WRITTEN notice that he wanted you gone. If he hasn't given you the WRITTEN notice then he has now slid into February to get you out. So the 30-notice today is 58 days and has you out Feb 28th. The 30 days notice is not from the day he gives it to you but based on the monthly rental.  How does that work ? If he gave it to me today how would I have two months to leave.  Yea unfortunate and dumb move on my part, but im actually looking forward to moving into the new apartment that I found. Thank you for the help though Has he given you the WRITTEN 30-day notice to quit? By the terms of your lease, he would have too. If he gave it to you today (Jan 1) it would mean you had to be out by Feb 28th. He could give it to you Jan 31 and you would still have to be out by Feb 28th. If he wanted you out for Jan 1 (or a couple days later). He would have had to give you written notice before the end of November. You have the power here not him. If he wants you out sooner he may be willing to do a "Cash for Keys" agreement where he pays you to leave sooner. Well good for you, you actually read your lease. But that's not much of a lease, I don't know what you would sign that. That doesn't give you any stability. I understand you're young, so you're learning. You need to read up on google search: `PA landlord tenant rights responsibilities`.  Well good for you, you actually read your lease. Next time read what you sign so you know what your rights and responsibilities are.  There's a process that must be followed in order for him to evict you. For one thing, he has to tell you, in writing, what rule you have broken. Write him a letter which states something like this: - Dear [Landlord name]: As I understand it, you are planning on attempting to evict me illegally by giving me only two days after Jan 1 to move out, and charging me two days prorated rent to be deducted from my deposit. I will be taking all of my documentation about your very illegal and predatory landlord practice to a lawyer. - You have not given me written notice about any problem, I have paid my rent on time, and your only complaint has been that I was talking in my room. Talking is a normal activity which people are allowed to do; that is part of my "quiet enjoyment" of the rental. - Should you wish to terminate this lease, I am offering you an opportunity to do so for the price of two months rent and a full return of my deposit. It should go something like that. But I would first check with a landlord-tenant attorney.  Also, I just noticed something that unfortunetly may favor him in this but it will at least give me more time to move out. I just read at the bottom of the lease that it says, "Either party may, with 30 days written notice to the other party, terminate this agreement" According to him he said “6 moths agreement can be broken if tenant break first the rules signed” Whatever you do, you damn well better get it in writing in a lease termination agreement. And like I said, if you have a six month lease, and I'm kind of assuming that you have a lease that should last until April or May, then what he wants is to kick you out and make you pay for everything. You don't have to accept this. You can tell him if he wants to break the lease he can pay you to do that. I'd suggest AT LEAST two months rent and a full return of the deposit, all in cash/cashier's check.  That's not how it works, legally speaking. You have to abide by city ordinance for sound. Obviously a home might be a little more strict, but basically it comes down to a hypothetical "reasonable person". It's reasonable to be able to talk in your room to someone at a normal level.  Thats intresting you mention that because hes broken a few of these rules on multiple occasions ive just never known because im ignorant to these laws. He went into my room when I lost my keys when I never needed him to, just to make me a spare key was what I asked. He complained that my room was a mess and asked if I was intrested in finding a new place to live because to him "it seemed I didnt want the room anymore" Hes also turned off the internet the first time he complained about my "loud noise" instead of asking me to keep it down while he knew i was using the internet. Quiet enjoyment is a legal term. "Quiet" means no outside person, including the landlord, can make claims that they can use the property. In this case, the room you rented is your room for the period of the lease. He can't go in there other than valid landlord purposes. He cannot decide to use your closet for storage (unless mentioned in the lease). If you go for vacation, he cannot use your room for a guest. You have a lot of leverage in this situation. He doesn't want you there anymore, but you have a contract that gives you the right to be there. That's the entire purpose of the lease, to grant you quiet enjoyment of the property as long as you abide by the terms. This is an interesting situation because usually it's the tenant who wants to break the lease because of problems. But here it's the landlord who wants to break the lease because he evidently decided he doesn't like the sound of someone talking. There's no ban on making sound in your lease. There's no written limitation on hours when you should be quiet. Your landlord is actually in a bind here. If you play your cards right, you could get him to pay you to leave. He's not allowed to lock you out. That's called a "self-help eviction" and that's illegal. You would legally be allowed to have a lock-smith get you back in, for example. Of course, you should call a couple of landlord-tenant attorneys in your area and see what they say. Nope. That is literally the only thing referring to sound on the lease. Seems like dubious legalese... is “Quiet” defines elsewhere? Also, in reference to the sound thing the only thing the lease says about sound is, "Quiet Enjoyment: Landlord covenants that on paying the rent and performing the covenants herein contained, the Tenant shall peacefully and quietly have,hold, and enjoy the premises for the agreed term. Then yea, I guess he can because its for the month of january and I havent paid rent for that month and he said I dont have to.  Its for the month of Jan and I havent paid jans rent and he said I dont have to so I guess he can take it out of my security deposit.  the only thing related to sound it says is "Quiet Enjoyment: Landlord covenants that on paying the rent and performing the covenants herein contained, the Tenant shall peacefully and quietly have,hold, and enjoy the premises for the agreed term.  Do you have a copy of your lease? Have you read through it? What does it say about talking loud? Well according to him, its "very loud" and late at night. Thats what his issue is he states that I break other rules as well but cant give any examples.  /u/Dubant - You need to put in your main text that you have a 6 month lease. You have a lot of rights here. Your landlord cannot legally kick you out for the mere act of talking to someone. Do you have a copy of your lease? If so, make a copy and keep in your car. Also take a picture and store in gmail.  /u/Dubant has a written, six month lease.  If you're paid up on rent then he can't take it.  Yea 17.74 is pro rated rent per day. But my main question was, can he take that money out of my security deposit. Also the lease was a 6 month lease not a month to month  It depends. If he’s taking money out of the deposit to pay the prorated rent you owe in lieu of you continuing payment, then maybe. If you’re actively paying rent then definitely not.  Is the $17.74 pro rated rent per day? Certainly your landlord can charge you rent while you’re there. You’re entitled to whatever notice to end your tenancy is specifies in your lease. Pennsylvania doesn’t have a specific requirement for notice to end a month-to-month tenancy.  Ok cool, also, is he aloud to take money out of my security deposit for the days I stay until I leave? He has to give you a Notice to Quit and a minimum of 10 days to move out of the unit. If you don’t want to move out you can fight the eviction and have another 20 days from the courts notice to answer. So no, he can’t kick you out with 3 days notice unless you let him.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.