 Tl/dr Question: What ought I do now that this form is signed and the landlord filled it out "for me", and will pictures of already-existing damages aid me in any disputes down the road or does the signature override any other evidences? I know the age-old advice: Dont sign anything before you read it. Im very smart, however I can get easily distracted. Like, childishly distracted. Upon moving in, I go to the leasing office on my lunch break, have to wait for her to get to the office (ended up late to work, but that's insignificant to the story in forethought). Before she handed me the keys, she lays out a couple documents to sign, the second being the room/Apt condition assessment. I am very well aware to fill it out with vigorous detail, however I just didn't recognize it at first and, me trusting her and in a rush, signed it due to her saying that I need to sign it before I get the keys. I took lots and lots of pictures, macro and micro views of the shotty paint jobs, chipped drawers, etc., and every inch of the wall and the ceilings inside the cabinets and the ceiling of inside the stove, etc. Will pictures help? Are both tenants required to sign the assessment form? is it legal to have that form signed without taking a step inside the apt yet/handed the keys? Thanks purely for taking YOUR time to read, and thank you for the help in advance. You could send it via email first and ask if they would please confirm receipt of the email. Or if there's an online portal, you could inform them via that, making sure that you retain a copy of the message. If none of that is available or doesn't work out, you can send them a physical letter in the mail. You pay a little more for that letter to be sent "certified with return receipt" which means they have to sign for it, and you get a return receipt. It's just an official way to provide notice in a manner than can also be used in court. Tbh, it probably doesn't need to be certified. That gets their attention.  Thank you very much for this, And I appreciate the format. What exactly classifies a "certified letter?" Just something with my signature? digital sig or writing in pen?  I don't think a picture is necessary here. I would upload all those pictures and the video to a picture and a video hosting site. Then send them an email and certified letter pointing to the video and image hosting sites, with a note something like: - Although I accepted the apartment as-is, per the sight-unseen signing of the Apt Condition Assessment on [date], this was the state of the apartment upon physical possession and move-in of the apartment on [date]. Thank You. It's not ideal to sign such a thing sight-unseen, but this is your best back-up. I DO have a copy of the form I am referring to. Digital signature of the lease as well, and a consent for digital signatures. Is a picture of the copy safe to show here? It is labeled as "Move-In/Move-Out Checklist." My move-in date was the 29th, but I arrived at the apt from out-of-town on the 2nd. Lists each room and N/D, Clean and Working on everything.  So let me get this straight, you signed the "walk through" form, then got the keys, then saw additional damage? Do you have copies of everything you signed? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.