 I was in a car accident back in August, and I tapped the bumper of a guy ahead of me. He had slammed on his brakes so I slammed on mine and tapped him. I stopped, got out, and asked if he was okay. He immediately started rubbing his neck and complaining and saying he needed an ambulance. The ambulance showed up and checked him and nothing came from it. The guy walked from his car into the ambulance and walked back out. A police officer spoke with both of us, and after the other guy drove off he told me that he knew the guy was trying to get money and was faking and that the officer would go to court with me to testify on my behalf about what had happened. My insurance covered his bumper which was minimal damage (a scuffed up civic bumper). I showed up to court, the guy from the accident did not. The officer spoke on my behalf and the judge decided to dismiss the case, he didn’t charge me court fees or anything. Now, almost 5 months later, I get a letter in the mail from a personal injury lawyer summoning me to court in a few months and that the guy is asking for $25,000 from me. I really don’t have the money for a lawyer and I’m kind of freaking out about this. I didn’t think someone could take you to court after a case has already been dismissed. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Happy New Years to me I guess.  : in case I wasn’t crystal clear: let your insurance company know immediately. They can’t defend you if you don’t communicate with them. And it can void your policy. It sounds like you were issued a traffic citation as a result of the accident. That means your state accused you of some kind of improper driving, which is an offense against the state. When you went to court, the judge dismissed that case. Now the guy you hit is claiming that you were negligent by hitting his car with yours, and as a result of your negligence, he says, he’s been injured. He wants you to pay him money in recompense. There are, in other words, two different cases: state versus you, and now supposedly injured guy versus you. Luckily, you don’t need to face this accusation unaided. You have insurance for exactly this reason. Your insurance company will defend you, and if you lose, they will pay the claim. They are highly motivated to not lose. Turn it over to your insurance company. They will handle it Contact your insurance, they will handle the legal proceedings (if there really is a filing). This is why you have insurance.