 NJ, USA here. I'm about to sign a new lease, but there's a clause that says "Tenant may not drill any hole, or nail or screw any objects into the walls, ceilings, partitions, doors or floors. " When we were shown the apartment and in the following discussions, we asked explicitly about hanging things like TVs and monitors from the walls (with the condition that we patch it up on our way out). We were given the okay by the management verbally, and then later when I brought this up we were given verbal confirmation over text and phone (which I have recorded). They offered to send over an email giving us explicit permission and they did, but a friend who doesn't practice law in NJ but is a lawyer said a rider would be preferable. They're unwilling to provide a rider or modify the lease, but offered to let me speak directly to the property manager in person to obtain permission. I plan to record the conversation. Do I have legal recourse if they attempt to sue me, evict me, or otherwise screw with me over the specific clause in the lease if I have several pieces of confirmation giving me permission by the property owner and their management, even if the lease states otherwise?  Sorry about that, I edited it to clarify. Use the managements maintenance crew to have it installed.  I can't imagine how it would be anyone's fault but the lessee Id he installs a wall mounted TV and rips the wall off.  If you can’t get a rider, talk to management through text if you wanna something heavy wall mounted, like a tv or shelves. If they collapse and rip down any wall, it’s the managements fault and not yours so you won’t be liable for the damages. To be honest, I'd trust the real lawyer over random internet strangers. But it's good that we both agree. I think you'll be fine, but that's not a promise. Good luck.  That's pretty much what our lawyer friend said. While I don't anticipate a problem, I am worried about going forward without absolute protection so I came here to see if anyone thinks there's a good chance we would get screwed in court over it. .... maybe. Probably. To completely cover yourself, you really want that rider. With that being said, a few nail holes can be easily fixed, patched and hidden Will written permission via email along with oral permission stating that we have permission despite the lease saying otherwise not overrule the lease in a court of law? Always follow the written contract over verbal agreements. Always Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.