 I live in MN. About a week ago we were officially told that everyone who works saleried positions will have their PTO erased and that were moving to a merit based time off system (Your direct manager can choose if you should be allowed to take time off with it being on that person to log the information and tell payroll that you took time off. This seems like a highly exploitable system that could be abused by favortisim. ) There was no form given out to agree to this and it has pissed off alot of people as this means that there is no way to really get time off as everyone who has accrued a bunch is due to being so overworked that they couldn't take a day off. I have been pushing over 60-70 hours a week for over a month and when I asked my boss to take an extra day off to have a 3 day weekend I was told no. I want to stand up for my fellow workers and myself but I would need some firm laws to stand behind to stop this shit from ruining this company as their are a good deal of people who have worked their for 15+ years and we will be set back for a long time if they bail due to being massively overworked with now no promise of getting time off.  I would look and see if it was included as part of the job offer.  Ohhhhh, yes.  Oh, I guess I wasn't thinking. Businesses with a retail arm that offer gift cards have to list them as liabilities, until redeemed. ? Gift cards also, I would assume. Yup. As a liability.  Sod all. That poster is delusional.  Nixing everyone's PTO is a sure way to dump a bunch of liability to those watching the finances...and is usually not a good sign. As a liability? Interesting question. I suppose it should show in the balance sheet? It depends but if it's in the employee handbook, it's legal. There are legitimate accounting reasons for not carrying over PTO and similar over into new fiscal years. Often this is why rules about using all PTO in the same year are put into corporate rules. Of course, if this happens at any time that is not the fiscal year (which may be on the calendar year or some other random month of the year) transition, then it's probably illegal. But still, go back and read what the rules are to make sure. Half the companies I've worked for did NOT allow rollover of PTO past one year. You'd simply lose it if you tried. What does this have to do with the ACLU? I wouldn't call that particularly passive aggressive. I don't disagree with the basic sentiment but there is nothing the ACLU or a lawyer can do about this. I mean a lawyer might not be a bad idea if the OP has money to burn, but the ACLU will give him nothing. Sometimes the legal advice is: this is legal. Crappy but legal. We know. But there's not much to be done, legally - employers have all the power here at present. I feel like the arbirary hoops and stances we're forced to adopt in a job interview are atrocious rituals. I would just say something like what actually happened. And signing them only constitutes that you have read and understand the contents. Agreeing that you understand and agreeing to be bound contractually are not the same. Quit. Now. On termination I believe they have to pay out your unused vacation as cash. At least that’s how every job I had before worked. Total dick move of the highest magnitude. It should apply to new employees only and everyone should at least be paid for the accrued hours. If it's the worry that too many people will be off at any one time, they could easily fix that by having a sign-up calendar for the year with seniority determining the sign-up order. Totally reasonable. But....we all know the real issue is $$$$$. Contact a union if you have one, if you don't then contact ACLU or an equivalent association. There's no way to put is in a way that's not passive-aggressive so I'm just going to say it: If the answer to an obvious question of "did my employer just ream me in the ass?" is "yeah start looking for a new job" that's not a healthy country. I'm sorry for the histrionics, but jesus fuck me this is supposed to be legal advice so why is so little given????? For the love of god OP contact your ACLU branch and a lawyer. IANAL, but my understanding is that PTO is a privilege, not a right. They can probably take away PTO completely and it'd be legal, unless you have a contract stating otherwise.   This is the #1 reason why people stay at their crappy jobs. People don't want to get out of their "Comfort Zone" even though their workplace isn't ideal. bosses hang  . "Without any formal heads up, around Christmas time, the owners of the company got rid of not only our banked PTO, but moved to a merit based system. I fear that favoritism and money problems will be at play, and I need an employer that is consistent in their policies." I feel this shows a potential employer that you might have some extra baggage that they don't want to deal with. I would just say something like "I've been there for a while and I don't see any potential for growth for me there." If done right with a good manager, unlimited PTO is amazing. I'm coming up on seven weeks this year and I take every other Wednesday off to snowboard. I realize some people get screwed though If you are in Minneapolis this likely runs afoul if it’s laws, because it mandates minimal PTO levels. However tougher luck outside the city.  Good to know. Thank you. Yep. Unlimited PTO sounds amazing at first, but just means “your manager approves any time off.” You may get weeks off or zero time off. The company wins by having no banked PTO to be paid off upon leaving. Under the Uniformed Commercial Code's Statute of Frauds provision contracts must be signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. So would need to be signed by someone with the required authorization on part of employer, being signed by employees themselves not dispositive. Your title and body don’t sound the same. Did your employer actually move to an unlimited PTO model? I would also guess that most employee handbook have a clause that allows the employer to change thebterms. Probably not, you would have to look at the specific language of the handbook, typically they explicitly state they do not create any rights and are just advisory in nature. True, but if he had to sign the handbook doesnt it become a contract of sorts? At the meeting announcing this policy change you should have said "No. What you're doing here is illegal. I quit. I'll see you in court." Yes, they have, unless you write them in a way to make them \not\ an enforceable contract. And any company that hired a lawyer to work on theirs will have done so. There's also probably something in there making it clear that policies can be changed at any time. So the important point is that yes, the employee handbook is meaningful and may help you in court, but don't expect it to be some silver bullet where you whip you the handbook in court and win in a stunning Matlock moment. Call the department of labor, now. We are not affected by the government shut down. For a salaried employee, your employer cannot pay you less than your weekly earnings, regardless of how much time off you take. Them doing away with pto actually hurts them. If you don’t get your full weekly pay, when you take time off, then you are not salaried, you are an hourly employee and you are due a bunch of halftime.  Moving from structured PTO to “permissive” PTO enables an employer not to accrue for vacation, thus writing back the accrual before year end and helping to hit bonus targets. If properly managed this should make no difference to you... but it’s a big if If you’re not afraid to lose your position, let’s say you found another job on deck, you could attempt to unionize. If you unionize the workers, management will probably lose their shit. But you really need to know what you’re doing. If you do, it could be a way to collectively bargain with management. The main leverage a union has is the ability to cost the company money. Find out when the company is about to close a huge deal and have the workers go on strike. Yes I am not sure about a loan but it is considered a liability. That's one of the reasons you will see companies offer "unlimited" PTO which in reality isn't different from a merit based system at your managers discrestion.  Does PTO get looked at by banks when a business is looking to take out large loans?  Sounds like your employer is looking to take on investment money or sell the company. Getting rid of the PTO is going to make the balance sheet look a lot better.   'm up for a pay raise in February. If I don't get what I ask for I will start job searching the next day. I would start talking to future employers now. Nothing wrong with getting that resume worked on now, while you still have a paycheck.  This could be a tell tale sign that your employer is starting to have money issues. Would not surprise me if in the next 90 days paychecks start having issues. As others have said, start looking for a new job now. Polish that resume, update your LinkedIn (if appropriate), and start interviewing. If a potential future employer asks during the interview process why you are looking to leave, be short, factual, and try your best to avoid bad mouthing them. "Without any formal heads up, around Christmas time, the owners of the company got rid of not only our banked PTO, but moved to a merit based system. I fear that favoritism and money problems will be at play, and I need an employer that is consistent in their policies."  Mostly due to the thought that the grass isn't going to be greener on the other side. I would probably throw myself into another position that I would have to start at the bottom and end up having to work way over each week to get up to speed fast. Then there is the distinct possibility that I'm still going to have to deal with new people that still have no idea what they are doing and run into similar but essentially the same issues that currently plague my current workplace. I'm up for a pay raise in February. If I don't get what I ask for I will start job searching the next day.  How have you been through this and NOT run for the next job you can get? I'm sorry that this isn't legal advice, but you've said it yourself, this is a highly exploitable system. and you didn't get time off before (doesn't matter how long ago this was) so what makes you think, in an office where everyone is being massively overworked, that anyone is going to get any time off on 'merit' and will avoid being burnt out entirely? He... didn't do that? IANAL, but it's definitely not a good sign if that's their big announcement for Christmas, and not just because it's a rude thing to do. You really need to find another job, and fast. Odly enough there have been whispers of that but it's not really due to being under financial trouble but more of letting to many people on lower tiers make big financial decisions without any data to backup their reasoning. We are about a year away from fully automating most of the decisions that are getting screwed up but people keep looking for shiny new things to spend money on every few months.  You might also keep an eye out for signs the company might be under financial stress, in case you need to accelerate your plans accordingly. In the U.S., employment is invariably at-will -- i.e. most Americans don't sign an employment contract. Montana is the sole exception: employment is not at will. BUT I live and work in California, where vacation/PTO time off is considered compensation and belongs to the employee. When you leave your employment, for example, companies are legally required to pay out unused PTO. with the exception of unions. If you are in a union, you probably signed an employment contract and have legal recourse. What he said. Run very far away. Good lord run.  If you can call the MN bar, you can ask to speak to an employment lawyer for a nominal fee (usually under $50) for 30 minutes. Just for advice  Except it's highly relevant as to if the PTO is an earned benefit that can be "taken away." If I could fire you and not pay it out, it stands to reason that its not an earned benefit, as such I can take it away and replace it with a new policy. Moreover, since cases like this where handbooks were found to be contractual in nature, companies have modified the handbooks to ensure that they are not. Sure you can. Different parts of it are relevant and different parts aren't. The handbook is present in both cases. No one is terminated in this case so what lee v fresenius says about termination is irrelevant.  Well that's awesome. I don't remember there being a part about getting paid on quitting. So it looks like my options are to either quit and find somewhere with a better contract or work myself to death with no real way of getting a vacation for the foreseeable future.  You can't say that the case isn't relevant in one post and then cite to it in another... Handbooks are almost never contractual in nature the way most people think of contracts. They are typically guides that the company can elect to follow or not, and can be changed at any time. However, the question is this, what did it say about paying out PTO when you quit? If you didn't get paid upon quitting I would put good money on this being legal. Employee handbooks have been found to be enforceable contracts. See above discussed case Lee v. Fresenius Medical Caee.  That's an amazingly fair point.  Lee v. Fresenius deals with benefit payouts in the case of termination, it's not really relevant here.   't retroactively change your benefits. Except they very well be able to do so. Minnesota case law establishes that an employer can have a policy of not paying out leave when an employee quits or is fired. As such it stands to reason that if there was no policy of paying out PTO they could scrap it entirely as it is not an earned benefit. 's ridiculous to retroactively change it. I agree from a moral/ethical standpoint, but as a matter of law its not at all clear that the company cannot do so legally. We have an employee hand book that everyone signs that lays out our PTO benefits.  Honestly - what you should be doing at this point is looking for another position. Because an employer who would give you this sort of "Christmas Present" is not an employer you want to work for. Do you have a bona fide employment contract guaranteeing you PTO and also stipulating to the conditions of its use?  Depends on the state. In California and New York, yes. In Texas, no. In Lee v. Fresenius Medical Care, the MN Supreme Court seemed to have decided they want to be more like Texas. So if we all signed a contract that's says we are OK with PTO and not one that says we waive our PTO doesn't that mean the employer is breaching contract without getting us to sign a contract? Your pto is part of your pay package. They can change it going forward but it's ridiculous to retroactively change it. It gets sticky since it wased benefits and not straight pay, but I would imagine they can't retroactively change your benefits.   . Fresenius Medical Care, Inc., 741 N.W.2d 117 (Minn. 2007). The Court held that, under Minnesota law, vacation or paid time off (PTO) is “wholly contractual.” Accordingly, employers are permitted to set conditions that employees must meet in order to exercise their earned right to vacation time with pay, whether in the form of actual paid time off or payment in lieu of paid time off. 