 Happy New Year, everyone. I hope I'm in the right sub. Quick facts: I live in Seattle Washington Our lease states that the complex is not liable for infestations Here's the situation: Months back my roommate started finding bugs in his room. He told us that he believed they were cockroaches. My fiance and I suggested he begin spraying his room down with bug spray and he went out and got some bug spray. He told us months later that he was still seeing the cockroaches. My fiance and I hadn't seen any bugs around the apartment so we once again suggested that he spray his room. Apparently he never made the attempt to spray. Skip ahead a few months and he tells us that he did some research and found out the bugs were bed bugs. After hearing this, my fiance and I took action, clearing out the apartment and spraying things down. Our roommate threw away everything he owned in a last resort. We went to the apartment complex the next day and reported the bugs. We showed them pictures and they said we were fully responsible and had to pay. The management team said they would inspect the building and hand out a notice to all the nearby apartment units as they all needed to be individually inspected. We agreed on the $600 payment and went with the only available exterminator option. The hired company has a 1.5 star rating so we expected a sh\t job. We went through and followed all procedures that the company gave us (this involved bagging and cleaning all clothes, unscrewing all the outlets, etc.). The company did a total of three sprays. They never sent out a notice to our neighbors and only inspected our apartment. They found "a couple" bugs before the spray and reported none afterwards. It has been less than 2 months since the final spray and my roommate has seen a total of 2 bed bugs (one 'half alive' bug in his old clothing and one in his bed) while my fiance has seen 1 bed bug (in the bathroom). We don't know where to go from here. The apartment complex has seemingly done a shady job at helping us. Reporting the bugs again will surely put another payment contract in our laps that we cannot afford to pay. We followed all procedures but it hasn't seem to work. We have been told not to spray or hire an exterminator as we must use only what the apartment complex decides on. Past residents say they've gone through cycles of respraying and the apartments do nothing but hire bad exterminators. Is there any other option? Where do we go from here? By "coming through the wall" they might mean via the outlets, because the do that. That's how they end up infecting your neighbour, or vice versa. I would take the plate off and check just to be sure.  looking at the edit, They say the bugs are on you but take responsibility, that just means it is on your dime. They can do what they want but if the bugs return, that is on the exterminator. there is no doubt in my mind that they will charge you for that. let them. let the same crappy people come back. in the mean time check the contract for getting things done. You may be able to push for charges on the basis that you are having to live in a hotel because they are aware of the crappy service and still they keep using it when it is detrimental to your health to stay. THEY are in charge of cleaning out the bugs in a reasonable and professional manor and time frame. if nothing comes out of that go after the company in charge of the extermination. neither is doing the right thing.  Copy and pasted from above comment: We had no option to choose the exterminator. We spoke with one anyways and the company highly recommended a heat treatment as the bugs seem to be coming through the wall. We told this to our apartment manager and she stated that bedbugs can not come through the wall in any way and that we were to use the extermination company and method of their choice.  Yes. We had no option to choose the exterminator. We spoke with one anyways and the company highly recommended a heat treatment as the bugs seem to be coming through the wall. We told this to our apartment manager and she stated that bedbugs can not come through the wall in any way and that we were to use the extermination company and method of their choice. Is that the only company the apartments will allow? If so, then they should hold some responsibility. You can't say "we are not responsible for infestations" then only give one option, thus shifting responsibility to them because you had no choice in the matter. That would be like me saying you are in charge of what to cook for dinner then cooking myself. If you haven't, file a complaint to both the complex and the company. Your best legal bet is to say they claimed no responsibility but still required a fee and required you to only use a speficific company that they know has low rating. By organizing the exterminator coming they accepted responsibility. Does your lease stipulate that you must use an exterminator of the landlord's choosing?