  so i m a youtuber, and my management team came to with this email about this company that wanted to work with me for a sponsored video. i said yes. the company offered me $10,000. so i do the video, and i don t get paid. then my managers talk with me the next day and say that we can t get paid because we electronically signed a webform after we were told to read their video sponsorship terms and conditions. they said that when we signed we agreed to these conditions. the terms and conditions state this, the amount offered will be paid a week after the video goes live and "if the amount offered for the sponsored video does not show a return on investment during the first week, then the creator, management team, network, and any person or entity affiliated with the creator will not be compensated. if your video does not show a return on investment and your lack of compensation evokes an unpleasant response, to protect us the creator, management team, network and anyone affiliated with the creator cannot publicly speak out on any social platform such as youtube, instagram, facebook, twitter, and word of mouth as well." Is this even allowed? Are we allowed to sue them? can you spot any poor wording or phrasing so we can somehow fight back? thanks  yeah i took it down NAL\~ I'd say if you had time to read the terms and conditions before signing then they do apply as long as they are not illegal. Part One: "if the amount offered for the sponsored video does not show a return on investment during the first week, then the creator, management team, network, and any person or entity affiliated with the creator will not be compensated. " This one seems very difficult to track unless you included an affiliate code or there was an affiliate link that tracks people who used the link and made a purchase. Otherwise I'm not sure how you would track profits. This one is tricky, but potentially legal. Again, not a lawyer. Part Two: "if your video does not show a return on investment and your lack of compensation evokes an unpleasant response, to protect us the creator, management team, network and anyone affiliated with the creator cannot publicly speak out on any social platform such as youtube, instagram, facebook, twitter, and word of mouth as well." This one seems more illegal. You should legally be able to speak out as long as it's not slander, meaning do not lie and be able to back up your truth with evidence if sued. It's (again) odd because there has been no mention of how they would track "return on investment". It is absolutely legal to sign a contract to not speak badly on a passed employer, but in my experience it's followed with a severance package. Contracts are designed that both parties benefit from a transaction in some way. You might be able to argue that since the contract has no benefits for you then it may not legally apply. Again, I'm not a lawyer but I have heard people trying to use that argument under certain conditions. General Advice: I'd look into potentially replacing your management team with more qualified candidates. If you're asking for advice on reddit I'm assuming your team doesn't have the answers. I recommend meeting with a lawyer ASAP, one that will read the terms and conditions you signed. Questions: Have you kept the video up on YouTube? I'd take it done, this is not the type of company I'd want to do business with IMO. 