 So we purchased a home a year ago in Massachusetts. We had an inspection done and minor issues were discovered, some knob and tube and the fireplace needed the firebox repaired. the seller gave us a credit for the fireplace repair and had the electrical fixed.. All was good... however now we found out, after having the chimney sweep come, that our Chimney is not lined. This was not an immediate alarm because I figured we could have it lined and be back in business... Nope, after having 2 different chimney guys out they informed me that lining it was not an option due to the shape and limitations.... wtf?? So question, do I have a case against the inspector? The damn Fireplace was a selling point ??!?! Thanks all, any feedback would be helpful. Gas water heater, dryer and range. A few people in the south have all electric, but it is relatively rare nationwide. If someone has all electric power, no fireplace, no garage, could anything else make CO? CO detector is a must have for everyone Thanks. I assume a CO detector may be helpful for these folks if they don't do a liner. Correct, in all new construction. However an unlined chimney is a red flag in a home inspection according to some other inspectors?! I think you mean in all new chimneys The biggest issue is that as the mortar degrades it allows the Carbon monoxide to creep into the living spaces. And if you know about the dangers of Carbon Monoxide it can be deadly. A chimney-liner, clay, steel, stainless keeps you safe and is required in All chimneys in the US. That is the old way. It can cause problems as these chimneys get older, because the contents of smoke can be caustic and eventually can do damage. My 100+ year old chimney got a metal (I think) liner about 10 years ago.  Yes, I'm confused,... Lined with what? I thought they were all brick/stone on the inside... Lots of old chimneys aren't lined.  Yes, he inspected the fireplace and recommended that we have the firebox repaired but never found the issue with the chimney  Did you have someone inspect the fireplace? Yeah I read that somewhere else... drop on the bucket on a 30k repair.... Check your agreement with the inspector. Generally the only thing you can go after them for is the cost of the inspection. The are not liable for repair costs because they missed something.