 Hi all, I started working for an organisation at the same time as two other colleagues. All three of us trained up in the same role. There are about five different roles in the area, but the broad job title is the same for all. As such, the same pay applies even though each role differs. Once we got our first qualification we were then told we were all going to progress to getting a rating in the most complex role. We had no input as to whether we wanted this role. This additional endorsement is to complement our initial qualification so we will be dual rated. Note that this new role is the hardest and most “flawed” role: you can get severely disciplined for stuffing up, with the likes of basic typos being a “stuff up”. The other jobs in the same area don’t have as stringent processes: you can make a typo and fix it without reprecussions. This is because we’re using an outdated system that cannot detected incorrect data entry: the other roles have newer systems that can detect human error and also allows you to fix it. The role I’m newly training in is ancient and does not have the capability for users to fix their errors: this means we can’t do anything wrong at all despite entering thousand of bits of data a day. An analogy is that it is like a fax machine as compared to a computer. But we get “carded” for these errors, whereas the other guys in different areas can just fix their errors without consequences. Having too many typos can lead to demotions, etc. So you take on a lot more responsibility in an area that is ridiculously easy to stuff up. I was picked first for training for this new qualification. I was initially told that the order for training was decided by alphabetical order by first name. However, I was told by two of my trainers that it was because I performed better in the training than my peers for the first qualification. Just as I was starting training, a vacancy came up for a role in a different area. I was interested in this area. The lowest performing of the three of us (he had the most infractions and was subject to an investigation) got offered the role. He now had a choice between the two roles, and naturally took the easier role. The thing is that another vacancy in the area Im interested in has come up again. I’ve expressed interest and was told that “operational requirements mean roles have to be filled”. This means that whilst there is a vacancy in the role I’m currently training for, there is also need to fill the other role. Given the fact that my colleague got a choice, can I also ask for a choice to be offered to me? Why does my colleague get a choice and I don’t?  It sounds like its a stressful situation, your employer ultimately has the choice as to what employee he/she has at what role. Unless it's a situation where you think you're being discriminated against for race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, etc (and you're able to prove it) you're out of luck. Even at that point if you decide on litigation, you'll no longer have a job there and be stuck with tons of legal bills hoping you win. I would make another attempt to reach out, be clear about what and why you want it. And do not say i just want the easiest job, Maybe talk about how the pressure of the current position is affecting you. How you think you'll improve in a different area. If not, look for another job.   Because employers are not required to treat employees equally, so long as that unequal treatment isn't based upon the employee's membership in a protected class (race, age, religion, etc). Unless you are being discriminated against because of your membership in a protected class (sex, race, etc) your boss is free to make any business decisions they want. Making shitty and unfair decisions might suck, but it's not illegal. 