 My mom purchased a dog in October 2015 (the puppy stayed in a cage all day and night besides morning and evening walks and feedings). She was unable to sustain living on her own when her boyfriend went to jail, so she moved back to my grandparents' home with the puppy in February 2016. Since his release from jail, she has made a couple half-hearted attempts to get the dog, but did not follow through due to apartment policies and general alcoholic degeneracy. She sent me a text saying that she is coming to take the dog this week. I have registered the dog in my name at my address since 2016. Would she be legally allowed to take the dog with proof of purchase despite 3 years of registration with me at my address?  Yes you will, that is your dog and as such you are able to leave with it.  From the day she moved in she did not once feed, let out, or play with the dog. She left in August 2017 when jailbird reached out, and wanted to take the dog despite the fact that I had trained her and fed her on weekends (grandparents did weekdays while I was at college). Eventually she stopped because the apartment did not allow dogs we later found out. Baby has been happily living in home since spring of '16. She's acting out because I went no contact with her and didn't extend graduation invite. So that's why it's an issue now.  IANAL, researched this when my ex threatened to take my cats. Spoke to my lawyer about it. Where is the part of the story where the dog came into your custody? Your mom took it to her parents when she was down on your luck. Then what happened? Animals are legally property. Your case for ownership is registration, microchipping registered to you, and vet records in your name. In my area pets are required to have rabies tags, which are tied to the owner in the county database. You haven't bought the dog from your mom, maybe, and you feel defenseless, but people surrender pets with no bill of sale every day. At some point your mom and grandparents must have surrendered this dog to you for you to have three years of registration. If you have those kinds of proofs, your mom can call the police and claim you stole her dog and not get anywhere. I wouldn't let someone walk up to my house with an old car title and demand the keys to my car. Much less my pets. Gather your proofs, stand your ground, and absolutely move with your pet. If your mom wants to sue you for the value or return of the pet she'll have to file in probably small claims court and serve you in your new hometown. You think she has her life together enough to pull that off? Doesn't sound like it, and if she does you just appear with your vet/vaccination records/microchip printout from the vet and tell the judge she abandoned the dog to your care years ago, here's the records. The dog is your property, you can move with your property.  follow up: grandparents are manipulative and terrible as well, will I be able to take the dog with me when I move even though I'm moving to a different county in the state? they've made hints that if I ever leave it won't be with the dog.  Yeah it's your dog, it's registered to you. Doesn't matter. It's the same situation as if it was a private sale, but it's with your mother instead of a stranger. Sure it used to be registered in another person's name but not anymore buddy. Keep your doors locked, the dog will remember her and definitely go with her if she tries to take the dog anyways. 