 To keep this short, my girlfriend is a waitress, and her boss is scheduling her for what feels to me like insane shifts. She regularly gets scheduled to work a double shift from 8am Saturday morning to 1-2am Saturday night, and then the next morning 8am Sunday to 1-2am Sunday night. The last straw for me was tonight, she worked a double leading up to new years this evening, and just returned from work at 3:30am. She needs to be at work in THREE HOURS for another double shift. Boss doesn't give her hours the whole rest of the week just two back to back doubles repeatedly. What can she/we do about this? It seems illegal to me. Hell I'm on clo-pen number four in a row at work... seems like this person doesn't want doubles but the boss might think they're giving them solid hours  I appreciate that. This restaurant unfortunately is not a chain and so I doubt there’s really even a company policy to speak of to begin with. I appreciate the answer though :) I think we’re probably just going to have to have a sit down and work out a way to get her out of there. The one upside is that she’s making an absolute killing when she does work, but we’re already well off financially and I care more about her being happy. As others have pointed out, this is not illegal. However, it might run against company policy - there are several companies in the retail sector that have mandatory off periods, as an example. But that's less common in the restaurant industry. Have your wife - when she gets some time - check her employee handbook. Wow, so that pretty much proves he's the worst boss ever--or at least on the list. Thanks for responding. Hope she's out of there soon. Absolutely not, he does this to multiple people and she’s one of his best waitresses, I think he’s just a shitty boss honestly. She just got her masters degree so luckily we’re trying to get her out of there but it sounds like the consensus is it’s legal but immoral. Her boss very well may be doing it to force her to quit.  can't she just find another job? Sounds like bad or cheap management. Clopen schedules are fairly normal in the industry, but the manager should hire staff to avoid double shifts.  Check out things like: []() and []() It looks like it is perfectly legal (Though he needs to be providing multiple breaks/lunches for her). She needs to find a new job, her employer is ridiculous. Not sure where you are, but where I am (Kansas) you have to have at least 6-8 (not sure on exactly how much) hours in between shifts. It is the law. If it is the same way there, then she can tell her employer that she does not have to go into work until 6-8 hours past the time she got off. My boyfriend works crazy shifts as well but he is never allowed to work over 16 hours a day and he is a state employee. (Thinking about it, I think it has to be 8 hours) 