 So my girlfriend and I just did a quick Walmart run for some groceries, etc, girlfriend was driving. We got to our parking spot and my girlfriend puts on music and starts backing out, gets halfway out, foot on the break, about to shift gears when we hear a -thunk- and, of course, there’s a car sitting right up against our bumper. Worth mentioning this is a rental car via our school with Zipcar. Zipcar is apparently self insured and the other woman involved has Geico. The woman claims that she was half way pulled out and that it’s my girlfriend’s fault whereas our claim is that very same thing towards her. Objectively speaking from my perspective sitting in the passenger seat, I feel that it’s very possible we both had pulled out close to the same time. Although from where I was sitting I feel as though my girlfriend had pulled out first and that this woman started coming out afterwards just based off where the cars were physically when the bump occurred. Frankly I’m not certain though. How could this proceed? My girlfriend’s just stressed because this could be payment in damages that she doesn’t have the money for so I’m hoping to maybe give her a bit more peace of mind. This could go a lot of ways. The key information to get is what exactly ZipCar covers. The questions to ask: \- Is your GF responsible for the damages to the ZipCar, or does she have a damage waiver? \- Does ZipCar carry default liability coverage? If so, and if they decide your GF is at fault, they will pay for the other driver's damages. The question then is: would they turn around and pursue your GF for those damages? You'll need to read over the terms conditions of your ZipCar agreement very carefully, and perhaps have a chat with their customer service. It could go that she's found completely at fault. Or the other lady. Or it may be split between each person so each person is responsible for each other's damages. But she should be prepared to have to pay the insurance deductible for the Zipcar.