 Posting quickly from mobile at work, sorry if anything similar has been asked don't have time to look, and sorry for formatting My friend is trying to escape from her extremely abusive Ex, whom she still lives with. He has barely been able to hold a job, has multiple other kids he doesn't pay child support on, and he beats the hell out of her and screams at her in front of their son. The only reason shes living in this nightmare is because he's told her if she leaves she'll never see her son again, and she talked to a CPS representative last month and they told her she wouldn't be allowed custody and if she wants her son her only choice is staying with her Ex. She was abused badly in her childhood and at 13-16 she was diagnosed with PTSD, which she says is the reason CPS says she can't have her son. Is there anything she can do? Im going to look into lawyers tonight, is there a specific type i should look for? If this man is allowed to keep her son, his childhood will be a nightmare. They need help badly, please and thank you for any advice Is she sure she spoke to a real CPS agent? This almost sounds like something her abusive boyfriend would invent to keep her from leaving Having your parental rights terminated or revoked is a very long drawn out process and it involves months/years of cps intervention trying to not terminate parental rights. They don’t just come and say yeah no parental rights for you because you have ptsd! Either you’re not sharing the full story or you’re not given the correct story  Be aware that this is the reason CPS told her, ACCORDING to your friend. Just understand that she might not be giving you the full picture.  Even if the CPS did get to decide who gets custody (which they don’t), I doubt they’d give custody to a deadbeat dad who beats his girlfriend in front of the children. OP, your friend should be calling the police every time he does something to her to make sure there’s a paper trail so he can’t get custody. If this kid can’t go to your friend in the end, they may be better off with some other relative than with the kid’s father.  Family law, marital law, whatever it's called in your area. Is there a specific type of lawyer she should seek? Im sorry, I don't know very much about the justice system She needs to get a lawyer. They say her symtoms make her a danger to her son, but her only symptoms as far as im aware are getting uncomfortable around people that look like someone who hurt her(sorry if im vague, i don't want to give details that arent necessary. For her privacy), and in very rare and extreme cases she can get flashbacks, but she freezes up, she doesn't act it out. They have never been married, he's actually still married to someone else, it isn't divorce. She said shes has her parental rights revoked, im not well versed in law so i don't know what that entails. Her symptoms seem to be very mild, certain people that look similar to someone that hurt her make her very uncomfortable, but it isnt like she has outbursts, ive known her for a year and if she hadn't told me i couldn't have guessed she has it. Shes said if something extreme happens she can get flashbacks, but they're extremely rare, and she freezes up, she doesn't act anything out, i cant see any reason why she would have rights taken based on her symptoms CPS doesn't get to decide who has custody in the event of a divorce, and PTSD, if controlled, is not a reason to deny custody in any state in the US. If she is being abused she should go to a shelter with the kid. CPS told her she wouldn’t be allowed custody? On what grounds?