 Hello I created this account solely because I wanted to ask this because I don't know where else to go. Currently in Field Training and I came across this call I won't post too many specifics on in here. (I will PM specifics if you'd like) So we go on this call and I take the entirety of the report. There are two conflicting statements between both parties involved. One of the parties involved works in Law Enforcement (this will be important later on) So it comes time to take do the report so I finish it up and pass it on to the FTO for approval. The FTO states that I need to change the violation to one that best befits the law enforcement officer involved (the fto doesn't explicitly state it like this so I do my research and find that this charge would not apply at all and I bring this to the attention of my FTO. The FTO then states that I still need to put this charge. So due to being in field training I just go along with it and dont say anything else. Then we get to a part of the report where the officer I took the statement from admitted to doing something wrong. So I reflected that in the report. The FTO then asked me to remove it because he supposedly didnt say it. I have the officer I took the statement from on my body cam stating that he did do that violation and I asked the officer multiple times. The FTO then changed it to saying I confused the officer. The FTO was clearly lying and in the beginning I wanted to give the FTO the benefit of the doubt. I dont feel right changing the report to best befit the officer involved(officer works for a different department). I honestly dont feel comfortable writing that in my report and dont know what to do. Would this be something that I could bring up to city staff or something. It just doesn't feel right at all and I dont know where I can go with this information other than here on Reddit.  Report to some kind on internal oversight person or agency. If you’re working with bad apples at some point it makes you look bad too. Contact superiors regarding your FTO. I wonder how many other cases they have influenced like this... Also a deputy in Florida, prepare to start looking at another agency to hire you. I hate to say it but the people you work with will be fed a load of crap once your FTO feels wronged even though you're right. The rumor mill spreads fast in this line of work. Lying on a report or in general is a huge no-go. I've seen other deputies get suspended and at worst fired and charged with felonies. Do not amend your report because your FTO is trying to cover for this other guy, it's not worth your job and future career. If you were me, I would go straight to IA just to cover your ass. So at what point would the OP want to take this to IA? I mean if his FTO were to explicitly tell him to lie on a report, would that be the point to go that route? It was a report that could lead to the two parties going to court. Not necessarily something along the lines of harassment though. And ok I'm going to bring it up to my Sgt. and ask for his opinion.  Also for the record on who I am..... I am currently living with the Sheriff of my county and engaged to his daughter. I don’t make the best decisions. But lying is never the answer.  So it was an info report? Still do not lie but if it’s not a report that will EVER result in an arrest (landlord tenant, civil matter, etc) just leave it be. If it’s something else like harassment or something that might come up and be used later in court, follow through with your FTO sgt. I dont want to know too many details, use your brain. Don’t lie but also don’t piss off your agency before you’re off probation unless it’s something you think needs to be brought up.  Ok I see. I will email my Field Training Sgt. and ask if I'd be able to speak in person about this. Would that be ok? And there was no arrest made so would that change anything? Sheriff’s Deputy in FL. Don’t lie in a report. Leaving something out of a report is slightly different but still lying if it’s an important fact. Like if it’s a battery and the LEO said “i punched him first then he hit me”. And you arrest the other guy for battery. Your FTO is responsible for you. Talk to the sgt/LT of your training division and tell them what happened. Don’t go calling PBA/FOP... solve this with your FTO’s supervisor.  DO NOT PM DETAILS