  Back in June of 2018 we began the process of getting solar panels for our home here in Colorado. We contracted with a large solar installation company (we'll call them SC) and within about 2 months we had the panels on the roof. We were told at the time that all that was left was an inspection by the local power company, and then they'd be able to flip the switch and turn them on. Since then SC has become completely uncommunicative and we can't get the final inspection done. In September we thought we were making progress when we got hold of somebody who said they were going to schedule an inspector to come by, but after telling them that we had open availability we never heard from them again and didn't get an inspection. Since then we've talked to a couple other people, including an electrician, and have discovered that it sounds like SC has been lying to us about the electric company's scheduling system and process. For starters, SC told us that all that they can do to schedule an inspection is to submit a request for a specific day with the electric company, and then find out a few days later whether or not it was approved. The people that we have spoke with say that that is complete nonsense. In November, we got them to agree to delay billing for our loan payments since the panels still aren't active, but they have been billing us anyways. Around this time they also told us that they didn't have a copy of our homeowners insurance and wouldn't be able to schedule the inspection until they did, which seems a little bit ridiculous as we'd submitted that months prior. We promptly provided them with the insurance, but haven't heard from them since. At this point it's been almost six months since the panels were installed and we have no activation date in sight. I don't know what sort of recourse we actually have, but we need something to happen. We've been calling every week, and when we get a hold of somebody we're either told that the person that we actually need to talk to isn't available, or we get promised something that never happens. It's gotten to the point where SC won't answer when they see our number calling and we have to call from work phones or other alternatives. Any advice? This probably a matter of finding alternative routes to remedy the issue yourself, including scheduling an inspection on your own. I'd at least start with contacting the power company, as I suggested in my first comment. You are dealing with one-sided information at this point, and clearly can't rely on SC's word regarding the process.  The contract doesn't demand that the work be completed in any sort of time frame unfortunately. Are the terms of activation in any written agreement or other documentation you have with SC? Contact the power company and confirm what process is followed regarding solar panel activation. You may be able to schedule an inspection yourself, to get this resolved.