 My husband recently started looking for a part time job working from home. He got an email stating that he was hired as a virtual assistant. It seemed too good to be true to me (high pay for few hours) but I thought he had done his research. Things get fishier when he is told he would communicate about the job by texting this dude. He skirts questions about the job but says he will send a check for equipment needed and his first weeks pay. The check for a few thousand comes and is deposited. He is then told to buy apple gift cards with it and to send the codes to the guy he is texting. This is a huge red flag to me so I look more into it and see that this definitely a scam. He went to purchase the gift cards online but the transaction didn’t go through. Should we be worried about getting in legal trouble over this? What do we do about the money? Who should we contact? Thank you for any advice. My husband feels like an idiot and is very worried about what could happen because of this.  Depending on state and relationship with your bank, you may get hit with whatever fee for a bounced deposit instrument (check or MO) is. Worst-case they close your bank account, but most likely nothing comes of it. The cost is typically going to be $25-$50 for this sort of thing. If you overdraft your account, expect to get hit with an overdraft charge. This shouldn't happen unless you either keep very little money in it (like less than $100) or if you spent some of the money that was made available to you upon deposit of the bad instrument. As far as "What do we do?" You can inform the bank and let them know the instrument is bad. The money will be removed from your account. Stop contacting the scammer. You do not need to contact anyone else. The bank mostly wants to ensure that they don't lose any money on this sort of thing. As a matter of general advice: Most entry-level "work from home" jobs advertised online are scams. Treat them with extreme suspicion. Thank you that is very reassuring. My poor husband is too trusting of people. I have to remind him that people can be shit. Maybe inform your bank that the check you deposited may bounce. You may get charged something for the bounced check, but I think not.  You shouldn’t get in any legal trouble over it! Legally, you’ve done nothing wrong and if the scammer attempts to threaten you (as they often do) you can simply ignore it. Good for you for recognizing something was wrong! I just want to make sure we do everything we can to not get into any legal trouble over it. We aren’t trying to keep any money or anything we just want out of the situation. This is an incredibly common scam and if I had to guess that check your husband received is going to bounce within a week or so, leaving him out of all that money. You can report the scam to authorities, but it’s very common and not a whole lot can usually be done about it. We for sure are not touching the money. The check will bounce in a week or so, so don't spend the money.