 Would running a service where users could pay me PayPal funds and in exchange I give them BTC be legal? I see a lot of people doing this, but it seems illegal.  No, that would not work.  Ah, yeah that's a good workaround. Without following some regulations it's certainly illegal. You'll see legit sellers will want you to confirm ID, but their tokens, exchange tokens for btc. However I think selling hash power for PayPal might be more practical.  Yeah, I know a lot of people making money doing this, but was wondering how they do it legally. Asking them, they don't. Most don't even think it's illegal.  There are legit services doing this but you need shit ton of legal stuff to deal with. So get a lawyer Yeah, I can see it now: you send some guy BTC with an irreversible transaction in exchange for them sending you dollars illegally in violation of a bazillion miles of red tape. They, happening to live outside the US, call PayPal - who is hugely consumer friendly - and cry scam. You now either (a) get the Paypal customer services rep on a concall with the selly custserv rep and convince one of the two of them to eat the cost when neither of them have to and both of them have the job of being as difficult as possible to convince to do this, or (b) you don't get paid. My money's on (b). use a service like selly where goods are automatically delivered? Sorry, no. They can say "I didn't receive your stupid text file, prove it", and you are SOL.  pretty much You mean lie with the intent of circumventing PayPal's ToS? Thanks! Well could you just sell something dumb like a text file that is easily verifiable that it was delivered, making it difficult for chargebacks? It may violate MSB/MTB regulations, and it almost certainly violates PayPal's ToS. Also, this will just result in people doing chargebacks after you send them BTC.  Your location matters. It might be legal on the moon, but almost everywhere on Earth where people ask questions in English, it's regulated to some extent. 