 Good afternoon, I've received an application from a volunteer based rescue. They are not SPCA or animal control. The contract doesn't show any signs that it was created by a solicitor nor is there any notary. There is no "this is a firm and legally binding contract" phrasing anywhere. However, this clause makes me INCREDIBLY uncomfortable. (I redacted the company name and just wrote RESCUE) There is a clause in the adoption application that states as follows: . It is understood and accepted by me that, at any time during the entire life of the cat(s)/kittens(s), home visits may be conducted by a person representing RESCUE to check on the welfare of the above-named cat(s)/kittens(s). Phone calls may also be made to verify veterinary care. In the event that RESCUE discovers the inhumane treatment of this cat(s)/kitten(s) or breach of this contact, it is agreed that RESCUE has the right to take possession immediately of the cat(s)/Kitten(s) without notice to me. The entire life, the cat is young, that means 15+ years this rescue wants to be in contact with me. They want to have the right to seek PRIVATE medical information. They want to confiscate the cat WIHTOUT NOTICE. (for example, it says I cannot give the pet to someone else - say my house goes up in flames and I have to rehome my cat with my mother - not allowed.) I just want to know basically - can this be legally enforced? I do NOT feel okay with this level of evasiveness into my personal life. I believe when I adopt a cat it is FOREVER, I'd NEVER adopt at an animal if there was a risk it could be taken from me. I'd want to ensure I could demand a warrant or something along those lines. Please let me know, could they actually spend 15+ years harassing me and potentially steal my cat? I love animals, I've worked in rescues, but it seriously feels like I'm dealing with PETA. I just wasn't sure if this applied to Canadians, sure wish I had a 1st Amendment. Something to remember in all this is that stores, cities, and local governments policies, contracts, and such do not trump federal and constitutional law. "You can't take pictures of this state courthouse." Yes, I can on the public sidewalk it's my constitutional 1st amendment right. "The city council voted that we can come into your home once a year and inspect it to see if it is to code." No, you can't. Such action violates the constitution. And so forth. yep. If it weren't this specific cat, I wouldn't ever go through this rescue again.  They literally started the interview with "A lot of people call us crazy, and drop out a lot" like yeah - no kidding. I've literally got years of rescue credibility and they still almost didn't approve of me. Anyways, they did. I signed, I'm moving to the US in a year anyways.  Okay wonderful, glad someone else was put-off at first. Thanks for getting back to me! The adoption is complete and I'm picking her up Monday!  When I adopted my cat, I was nervous about the phrasing that said the shelter still "owned" the cat legally. I never heard from that shelter even once since I took the cat home, and we moved like 4 or 5 times including two other states and the shelter neither knew nor cared. As I understand it, that's just in case they get a report of the animal being mistreated they have a better chance of getting it back. The contract is too over reaching. I would go elsewhere. Perhaps if others did the same, the rescue would change it's process. It's extreme and not practical. I got my almost thirteen years old cat as a small kitten from a friend. If I ever look to replace her someday in the future I personally would never subject myself to any of this nonsense. Plenty of other ways to get a cat. Okay great, thank you so much! I guess that's the question I was trying to ask haha, you explained it so well. She'll have a beyond decent home! I'm all out, I've even got a catio.  You're correct that a contract between private parties cannot override the law -- a contract allowing the shelter to break the law would not be enforceable (or that specific part of the contract) -- or at least would not protect them from the law itself. "If you mistreat the cat, we reserve the right to kick in your door and grab your cat" would clearly not fly and would not protect them from the repercussions of breaking the law by kicking in your door. Good deal, nice to hear that the cat will have a decent home now. Good luck. Yes. I just want to ensure they can't just come to my home announce and take my cat. Turns out I can refuse and they'd be required to take me to court. The likeliness of any of this happening is like .000000000000000001% but I wanted to ensure I was fully understanding of what that clause meant and how it would affect my rights as a citizen. The contract is now signed. Thank you.  Then your option is to agree to the contract, rescue the animal, and risk the shelter taking the animal back from you under certain circumstances. There does not seem to be a way for you to rescue the cat without agreeing to their terms, which are common and generally legal. Okay, wonderful. All I needed to know. I was just scared and needed clarification. I'll be signing the contract. I'm fine with the clause, as long as I have rights as a citizen beyond it. I don't even mind if they want to come visit once the cat is settled in. I was just scared, I wanted someone who understands contracts to clarify for me. If they can take me to court, fine by me. (It would never come to that) I just don't like the idea of someone coming to my house unannounced and taking my cat. That felt incredibly illegal to me. Turns out it's just intense wording.  They can't break into your house, they can go to court and a court could require that you return the cat to them. Practically they may follow up in a visit, see a cat being abused and then just scoop the cat up and walk out with it. That would be more common than going to court.  Ive adopted several cats with similar wording in a contract. They never once checked up on the cat. Odds are, they won't either. But if you're not comfortable, adopt elsewhere.  If I wanted to lock the door and not let them in. I want to know that I can and demand a warrant and the result would be they have to go to court. That's what I want to know. If I could say NO and take this to court or if they have the right to enter my home and take my cat without notifying me.   't override my rights, it just simply is a contract they could use in court. I don't know what you mean by that. If you agree to a contract then you agree to be bound by it. So you are agreeing that the rescue will have the right to confiscate the cat in those situations. That clause doesn't violate any laws, or offend your rights.  but my question is - are my rights as an ontario pet owner protected if this were go to court ever? Obviously I'm not worried about the clause itself, I'd never break it. It's just blatantly terrifying that they'd take what I essentially consider my child away from me. I want to ensure I have the laws as an Ontario citizen still and that this contract doesn't override my rights, it just simply is a contract they could use in court.   "this is a firm and legally binding contract" phrasing anywhere That clause is not necessary to anything. Those clauses are very common. Your options are to sign ana ccept the terms, do not sign and walk away from the cat or see if they will negotiate a different agreement. The last option is one the rescue will generally not agree to.  Perfect. This is what I'm looking for. I have no issue being cordial, I'm happy to even share pleasent updates and ocassional vet information. I want to ensure my rights as a pet owner are not at risk from this contract.  I'm rescuing a cat from a kill-shelter rescue. If I don't adopt her - she's dead. If you're unsatisfied with these terms, you should find another source from which you might adopt an animal.  These kind of clauses are extremely common in rescue contracts. They want to make sure the cat isn't abused and, if it is, they want to be able to take it back. If the rescue wants your cat back, and you aren't willing to give it back, it would be up to them to take you to court and then up to the judge to decide if the contract was breached and, if so, what recourse the rescue has.