 In Placer County if it helps a bit more. OK, so within the last few years the amount of dogs in the house has gone from 6 to about 25. These dogs are all small chihuahua sized and most of them are puppies that we haven't been able to get rid of in a reasonable amount of time. There are appointments made for the next few weeks to drop a couple litters of puppies off (~10 or so), but now animal control is coming by the house saying that they got a call about the amount of dogs and the fact that we had to bury a couple that sadly died on the property. I have no idea how to get rid of these dogs fast enough because you need to make appointments with the spca to surrender animals. What can I do? What should I do? I read that they could get a warrent, what could happen if they come back with one?  Call dog rescues Fines and criminal charges for anything from too many animals up to animal cruelty or neglect, possibly along with seizure (and eventual destruction) of the animals. I’m pro pet and very much against what I’m about to say under normal circumstances, but your situation is out of control. You need to seriously consider putting the dogs down if you can neither rehome nor care for them.  There are always low cost options out there. Looks like this place is in your county for $40-$50 a dog  Call Animal Services. Tell them about the problem and ask for help. They would rather work with you to voluntarily get the animals re-homed than to go through a mandatory seizure process. If you tell them that you have an appointment with SPCA to surrender the animals, that will probably work. You can also ask the SPCA to help you work with Animal Services. Call them, tell team about the issues ask for assistance.   Financial issues prevented it for the most part until it just ballooned out of control.  Advertise them FTGH on Craigslist or in the pet rehoming/giveaway groups on Facebook. They will move. Also why were the adult dogs not spayed or neutered in the first place? That would have prevented this mess. Given the fact that some of your animals are literally dying, criminal animal abuse charges are a very real possibility.  Animal control hasn't instructed her to do anything because they haven't talked to her, just came up to the door the past few days. I just have no idea what they COULD do. I can't find any info online on what the consequences are for having such an excessive number of pets.  You really need to do whatever Animal Control told you to do, then look into therapy for whoever has the animal hoarding issue. 