 Question: Was I wrongfully towed, and if so, how do I proceed? So, on a Monday, I parked at a small parking lot in front of some shops at 1035pm to see a show. All the shops were closed so I thought it’d be ok. I come out at 1130 to find my car gone. I pick it up at the impound lot and the towing employee said my car was “observed” at 9pm, which is impossible. He was also very standoffish from the get go. I did a little research too and supposedly a car can’t be towed from a public place until it’s been parked for an hour. I’m not entirely sure if my situation qualifies for that or not. I also read about a rule where if you are wrongfully charged by a towing company, you can be reimbursed by 4x. Again, not entirely sure if I’d qualify or not. I have already filed a complaint with the BBB. Something is definitely suspicious with this towing company. I believe the shop owners saw a random car parked at 9pm, and the towing guys just decided to tow whoever was there. I also recorded the entire convo on my phone, but I’m not sure if it can be used or not. It shows how short and rude the employee was. The tow truck driver also offered me a joint (I’ve got no problem with weed) but driving while high is illegal. I just want my money back, because something seems not right about this. Thanks for any help guys! I’m curious if that parking lot is considered private property too. And I mean, could the building owner hypothetically just tow everyone who parks there? I dunno man, I’m just salty. I’m in Nebraska and we can get towed off private property at any time, but it sounds like in California there are rules to protect you. Good luck! Good idea, that certainly couldn’t hurt As another commenter said, I can use google to show when I got there. I also have tickets to an event at 1030pm and a friend as a witness, but it’s not as concrete as google. That’s right! I’m pretty sure I google mapped it as well. That’s what I was thinking, I remember hearing that somewhere before. I think you were wrongfully towed. Do you have a way to prove you weren’t parked there earlier?  Ask how it was observed and are they able to provide proof. With cameras time stamps being a thing, this shouldn’t be difficult to prove. Just a heads up, if you use Google Maps on your phone it keeps a time-line of you location data. You can use that to prove that you didn't get there until 10:35. California is a two party consent state meaning both parties to the conversation need to be aware that the call is being recorded. This ultimately boils down to were you parked where you shouldnt be? Yes you were and therefore the tow is legit. Look at it this way I see the lights off at your house figure everyone is asleep so I park in your driveway. You come out to leave and cant find me anywhere, you dont know me or my car. So you do what anyone would do and call a tow company, they will come tow my vehicle regardless of whether or not it's been there an hour. The best way to avoid this in the future is unless you have Express permission frlm the property owner assume it's not safe to park there. Just so you are aware, the BBB is just like Yelp. They don’t have any actual authority. Not sure about the other stuff, but unless you have permission of the other person, you can't record conversations in California. It varies by state.