 Hi everybody. I'm a 16yo high school junior currently attending a boarding school in Minnesota with an academic program that claims the following on their website: &lt;The school . Courses provided by our online program are accredited by SACS and nationally accredited by AdvancED. + Classes are accessible and are aligned with national standards. Some courses are available online and course teachers are highly qualified with masters certifications or above. All teachers are highly qualified and certified within the subject matter they teach. \[...\] Are Advanced Placement (AP) Courses Offered?: Yes. The academic program offers 16 AP Courses. The school, in reality, contains a single teacher and six students. The teacher does have a Ph. D. in Biochemistry from UPenn, although she is responsible for all subjects and has no certification for Math, English, History, etc. The school is not registered with the local school board since no students are residents in the district (it's a boarding school). When I spoke with the school owner about this, she told me the text was meant to be aspirational as opposed to deceptive and they were working on the accreditation. Abeka, the curriculum, is an explicitly Christian curriculum that given my religion and personal beliefs (reconstructionist Judaism and firm believer in science) I would have been very uncomfortable with had I known about it before coming here. The text about Abeka was added about 6 months into the school year and I do have a Wayback archive of the website text earlier than that. Abeka is accredited by FACCS (FL Association of Christian Colleges and Schools, which seems to be an agency organized by Abeka's own founders associated with Pensacola Christian Colleges) and MSA CESS (an accreditation agency out of Philadelphia which seems to only include New England states). Websites: [http://www.faccs.org/](http://www.faccs.org/) and [](). This would lead me to believe that the statement "aligned with Minnesota standards" is misleading, but I don't know if it's fraudulent. The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) ([http://www.sacs.org/](http://www.sacs.org/)) accreditation services link on their homepage seems to redirect to AdvancED, and upon searching AdvancED for my school I couldn't locate it. The owner (different person than the teacher) then admitted to me that the school itself is currently not accredited but is seeking accreditation. Apparently, they used to use the Florida Virtual Charter School (FLVCS) which does have the "120+ Classes" as well as Honors and AP classes, which Abeka does not provide. Use of FLVCS was offered when I made my complaint but it was very obviously reluctant and I doubt it would have been available if I didn't raise hell about it. Currently, no student (including myself) uses FLVCS. No course registration was provided for any student and to my knowledge any parent: courses were simply selected for the student from available Abeka workbooks. So, the question is, has this place committed school fraud? If yes, what are my options? My parents are uninterested in helping here but I have a very genuine interest and concern given that I'm about to begin college application processes. I don't know if admissions officers generally check the accreditation of private schools (I'd imagine they do) but that seems like a very large hole to have to explain away and I'm definitely concerned it could hurt me in that way. Currently I'm taking almost all of my classes at the local community college and the ones that I cannot I've worked out an independent study with the teacher (a quite kind individual that feels much as I do about the situation). This isn't the only 'misrepresentation' on the website: it also claims that there exists 160 clubs for us to join (including a student newspaper), that the counselors (people who watch us in the dorms, not the school) are 'highly trained' instead of being random college-aged Brits hired for $0.25/hr plus room and board to babysit us and 'learn about America'. A lot of the way the place is run is an overall shitshow but this is the area that has the potential to impact me after I get out of here. I can't really hire a lawyer without depleting my meager savings (I do have a job) so I'm wondering if there's an agency that can take reports about this either for MN or federally. The statements seem very clearly misleading and I was indeed misled when I was looking at the place before I came. If it isn't fraud, can this affect my admissions? If anybody needs more of the website in order to make a judgement I'll happily respond to PMs although I'd rather not have the link be public. I also have the archive link. I understand it's a very abnormal situation and institution so any clarification necessary in the comments I will happily provide. Thanks to anyone who can take the time to respond. Go to the SACS website and click contact us. They may be interested to know if a school is misrepresenting themselves as being accredited when they are not. Maybe reach out to the Minnesota board of education as well. 