 Throwaway account. I’m 17 and last night I snuck out of the house to walk to a gas station to get some food and when I came back my mom was pissed. I’d just gotten out of rehab for overdosing on xanax (first and last time using it) and my only had drug under my belt besides alcohol and I’ve been away for a long time. Prior to that I hadn’t lived with my mom for a very long time but had to move in because my dad wasn’t considered adequate for raising a child. I’m waiting for the next semester of school to start and currently I’m getting caught up and have one last class. My mom doesn’t really care what I do. She thinks drugs are scary and that I should just drink but i tell her that i’d rather and do occasionally smoke weed because I have a problem with alcohol. I wake up this morning and she’s telling me she’s taking my car ( this happened once before with my dad where he took the car i bought and refuses to give it back) my laptop so I can’t do school work, and she’s only providing me a roof over my head and that I have to make due with everything else I have. I don’t have a job and i’m looking for one but i feel as if not having a car would hinder me a lot but I’m sure i can make due. I’ve been used to living on my own and I never felt a connection between me and my mom. I’d call her by her first name and had trouble finding the respect for her as a parent. I get good grades and am in almost all AP classes. I’m currently a junior and I also write a lot of poetry that started attracting a few people but isn’t sufficient for anything monetary but I can always keep writing. I don’t want to end up dead on streets and become the next Edgar Allen Poe. I’m still dealing with a lot of my own issues and some of those are only being able to feel a limited amount of emotions which really hinders my daily life. I have mastered identifying the feeling of being frustrated, lonely, and excited but everything else is just lacking. I’ve been working by meditating for at least 15 minutes a day and it’s been helpful. My mom text my sponsor saying to give up on me and that she doesn’t want him being around me anymore because I need to figure this out alone. My dad is out of the picture ever since I went to rehab and most of my family, well, I guess all now don’t care about me. I could always stay with friends and I’m considering taking the 5 day walk back to my rehab and asking if they would accept me again for a week just to help me get up on my feet. The youth shelter in my area is a disaster but I live in socal so i’m not going to die from the weather and I’ll always be able to get water and I’m sure food won’t be too much of a problem. I currently write this on my phone but I’m sure that it will be gone by tomorrow so I can always walk an hour to the library and use their computers. The second semester of school starts January 28th and I know I have to go to school. I’m honestly at a loss. I have a twin sister who acts worse than I do but my mom and her boyfriend adore her and she’s held above everyone else. She’s expressed in the past that she feels bad for me but knows she needs to focus on herself and can’t help me which I understand. I’m not rash, I’m not mean, I have morals and would gladly help anyone if they feel the need to ask but I don’t know how any of this can help me. I’m very social and I have a complex of only speaking in a pleasing way which makes me more likable but can detriment me easily as well. I just want advice because I don’t know where to start. Please let me know where else i can post this because i need all the advice i could get  No legal question asked. Removed.  Your parents are allowed to discipline you.  Listen to your mom, lay off the drugs, get a job, keep focusing on school. I don’t see any legal issues here. I do go to AA. I’m currently 85 days sober. If I had snuck out to do drugs I would be in a much different predicament.  You don't have a legal issue. You have a substance abuse problem and probably some kind of underlying psychological disorder. Go to an AA/NA meeting. Paragraphs, unlike drugs, are not illegal and should be used here. So long as your mom isn't denying you food, water, clothing, or a place to sleep, or is physically abusing you she is more or less free to discipline you as she sees fit.