 So my girlfriend and I signed a lease Sept. 1st of last year that ended Aug. 30 of this year. Our landlord did not present us with a new lease until mid-to-late November. I continued paying rent to him each month so we still could have a roof over our heads while waiting around for him to bring over the new lease. During that time, my girlfriend and I have both experienced job trouble and all of our monthly expenses increased. At that point we were contemplating whether or not we were able to continue living in our apartment. When the landlord brought over the lease, we did NOT sign it or return it to him. After going through our finances, my girlfriend and I decided that we were going to move out since we were not under contract. I delivered the rent for December to him and informed him the next day that my girlfriend and I would not be signing the lease and that we would be moving out by the end of the month. He agreed to this. Now, he is saying that we still owe him rent until he finds a new tenant because we are still “mid-agreement/contract” but we never signed. Are we legally obligated to do this? Also are we entitled to get our security and pet deposits back? It’s $2000. Normally 30 days notice in writing is required, but if the landlord accepted when you told them, it should be done. Problem is that it becomes your word vs them. My point was he never gave notice... lease or no lease, it’s 30 days at min.  Since there was no active lease, he’s a month-to-month tenant and the lease is irrelevant.  Awesome! But would I still owe him for January? In Illinois, they have 21 days from the end of your tenancy to send you the full deposit or an itemized list of withholdings from the security deposit in writing. If they do not do this within that time frame, you are due your entire deposit along with the possibility of treble damages. Additionally, a landlord can not withhold a deposit for rent they feel is owed, only damages. So, wait the 21 days and see how it plays out. If you dont get paid, look to file in small claims. Ask your landlord to provide you a signed copy of the lease agreement he says you signed that places you "mid-agreement" This copy, if forged, will be helpful.  As to the actual question, it has already been answered. You are month-to-month, and pnly have to stay/pay until Feb. at the latest with 30 days' notice. Thank you! Thank you for your helpful input. In the future you should drop off and email a letter at least the following information: . My records show that you are holding a security deposit of $1234, that can be sent after I move to the following address:  There's an important difference between re-sign and resign here, just FYI. You should always give 30 days in writing and verify that it was received by cert mail or signature. Read your lease, could be longer than 30 days. Verbal notice holds no proof for either party,  It doesn't sound like you gave 30 days notice to end your tenancy but that's okay because your landlord agreed to end your tenancy at the end of December. Technically, you should have given notice before Dec 1. It'll be hard to prove if it's not in writing, but at the very least, you have a verbal agreement to end your tenancy at the end of December. Worst case, you'll have to stay until the end of January. It probably must be in writing. Text or email counts.  I believe I told him the first week of December. Based on what you've presented here, you were a month to month tenant. Did you provide 30 days notice that you were leaving? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.