 Clearly this is on a throwaway but honestly I feel very helpless and unsure what to do. My girlfriend obtained a DUI in March of 2016. She is still attending court and I'm extremely confused about everything. This happened in Savannah GA and we currently reside in Portland, OR. The night it happened we were asked to pick our friend, whose significant other who was arrested. My friend we picked up was in a heterosexual relationship and she admitted that the DUI was fair on her husbands part- but once my girlfriend and I parked (after passing the officer twice from accidentally passing where they were the first time) the GSP (Georgia State Patrol) treated up completely different. In her words "night and day". Mind you we're in an homosexual interracial relationship. We have requested the video and have not seen anything. Rights were not read, and the DUI testing was not fully completed (walk the line, ect.). My partner was also shoved in an open trunk to place zip ties on her hands when she told them her cuffs needed to be tightened (she's 5' nothing and VERY tiny). Our lawyer was paid in cash upfront since we had the money saved to moved, we wanted to get the issue resolved before we left. We stalled moving a year and the process wasn't completed- and honestly we're not sure what part of the process we are in anymore. Our Lawyer keeps showing up to different cases when we fly over 3000 miles and calls to cancel less than 24 hours once she's already on her way to GA. This process has gone on for going on 3 years and I feel very pushed around, uncared for, neglected as client. We are struggling financially and I haven't been able to do much do to the lack of money (i.e.- cars breaking, family dying I can't go to funerals, can't save money, ect.). From what I can tell there is not a way to do this over the phone sure to GA law with DUIS....but honestly at this point I'm not even sure what I know. I'm hoping to gain even a little bit of insight on what I can/should/might like to do. I would love to talk to my lawyer, however, can never get in contact with him unless it's the day of/the day before court. I hope you're all having a wonderful day and I'm hoping to gain some light on this seemingly crazy situation. Also, pardon my long windedness and not so great writing skills lol. tl:dr; girlfriend arrest in march 2016 for DUI and has court again this March of 2019, why is it so long? Can't get answers from lawyer and unsure what I should/could be doing.  In what way is this attorney "your" attorney " They should be representing your partner only, unless you were also charged with a crime. To clarify: your partner was charged with DUI after driving to pick up a DUI arrestee's passenger on the roadside. Is that correct ? Remember that this attorney represents your girlfriend, not you. Even if you were married, or straight, or of a different race, they would still be only representing the defendant, and there may be a quite a few situations where they cannot or should not communicate directly with a person who is not the defendant. If your partner is dissatisfied with her attorney's work, she can demand a refund for their incomplete work and hire a different attorney. Most of the details you have shared don't make sense, or are at least unclear. If you have an attorney, you should be asking them these questions. If you don't trust your attorney, you should ask for a new one.