 I recently caused a minor fender bender in EastTennessee. The scratch on the guy’s bumper was no longer than my pinky and hair thin. He was a nice guy and understanding about the situation but he insisted on filing a police report in case there’s internal damage to the car. I gave him my insurance information and whatnot. He has my policy number to make a claim with. I was issued a citation and we went about our separate ways. It’s been about a month and a half since this happened. Today I called the courthouse to reschedule my court date and the lady on the phone asked if I have called my insurance provider (Progressive) to let them know what happened. I told her no and that I’ve never been in an accident before so I don’t know what the protocol is, which leads us to my questions: do I have to tell my insurance provider about it? If the guy had filed the claim with my policy number and info, and there were damages, would it not already show up on my account? What if he decided that he doesn’t need to file the claim and just left it alone, would I still need to call progressive and let them know? TL;DR: If the other guy in the fender bender doesn’t file a claim on my insurance, do I have to notify my insurance provider about the accident? Admitting fault does not void your insurance in any way shape or form. OP be advised that many, mostly online, companies like Progressive automatically file a claim if you call in and inquire. That's one of the benefits of having a local agent instead. An insurance company with an agent with a local office rather than a rep hundreds of miles away in a call center, will more then likely just note your file and wait to see if he files a claim. Technically you're supposed to notify your company of any accident but I honestly don't think you'd have any problems if you don't report this one. You can call them, and hopefully they won't automatically open a claim. No one can say for sure if they will or not. Source: Tennessee agent near you.  If the guy had already filed the claim for damages, would it have already showed up on my account?  Yes, you should notify your insurance company. It's not required, but that's literally what you pay them for. Yes. You are required to tell your insurance company unless you want to pay all expenses out of pocket. Once you report it, your insurance company will want you to give them a statement explaining exactly what occurred. For future reference, anytime you're in an accident you should notify your insurance company. Just tell them that you are not filing a claim but are putting them on notice of a potential claim. You should also not ever admit fault. Doing so could possibly void your insurance. 