 My wife came home with her paycheck today and thought she should have overtime. She keeps her time sheet from the last day of each week. One week she worked 42.37 and the second week worked 38.19. This adds up to 80.56 for the biweekly pay period. Yet not only did they not credit her for .56 hours of overtime, they only paid her for 78.32 hours! Furthermore, I checked the law and it says time and a half is required for over 40 hours a week, so she should have been credited for 2.37 hours of overtime for the first week! She's described to me another issue with them that even if someone doesn't clock out for a lunch break, often they will take the 30 minutes out anyway and make it look like they took a lunch. So not only are they working over 8 hours and not getting a lunch but their pay is being docked as if they were. She said one person had an issue with their overtime not showing and they told her how they went into her time on the computer and edited in more lunches because of her going out to smoke. Is it not illegal to manipulate employee time like this? Shouldn't they have paid her overtime for working over 40 hours? She has the evidence, how can she get a remedy for this issue? It is a smaller company so she is afraid to take it to anyone who works there for fear of retaliation. Thanks in advance for any advice!  Overtime is a little complicated and does not always correlate exactly to the pay period. It depends on when the employer defines the workweek as beginning. It is absolutely possible to work 81 hours in a pay period and not get overtime. The other things definitely sound like issues though. Sounds like something similar that recently happened to my husband. His employer suddenly started rounding time worked in favor of the employer both ways. The HR manager also went in after the fact and modified employees' timesheets to remove any overtime worked. Both are not legal. File a complaint with your state department of labor. Normally I'm all for lawyers, but in this case I wouldn't bother. File a wage complaint with the labor commission, they can do a lot of damage and don't cost you anything. Contact The Tennessee Labor Standards Unit at 844-224-5818. They will answer your questions, investigate your case, and it won't cost you anything.  You need to talk to an employment lawyer asap, and tell him all the details. He will tell you everything you need to do. You can talk to the bar association for a lawyer recommendation.