 My father passed away in August of last year. In October I was contacted by his life insurance company stating that I was listed as the designated beneficiary. I received the payout in December. A few days ago I received a letter stating that the payout was in error and they received a more current designation of beneficiary from the Office of Personnel Management that was dated in February last year. When I spoke to the agent at the insurance company I was given 3 options. Pay back everything immediately, setup a payment plan of up to 3 years to make monthly payments, or refuse to return the money and they would turn my case over to their legal department. The money was already spent on a desperately needed new car. This is going to be a huge financial burden on me to pay back. Am I legally required to pay this back if the payment was made to me because of their error? Documents I received - []()  You need to consult a lawyer before doing anything. The most relevant info I could find is this (I am not going to interpret it): The OPM life insurance designee form states in all CAPS “Properly completed designations are not valid unless the appropriate office listed above receives them before the insured’s death”.  You still owe the money, even if it’s a mistake. You don’t deserve money you weren’t supposed to get. They don’t deserve to eat it because you can’t afford to pay them back. I’d focus on making a realistic payment plan. Possibly sell the car you just got and get one that’s more affordable.  With $51k at stake, you should likely speak with an attorney. Though you should prepare yourself for the strong possibility that you will need to return the money. Finders keepers doesn't work in most legal situations. They made an error. The error should be unwound. Certainly you should not experience a loss over their error, but the error should be unwound. Not a Lawyer. Yes, you probably owe this money back. There are a very narrow number of situations where one person is explicitly allowed to profit from another's mistake (such as unsolicited merchandise). You may wish to consult with a lawyer to verify - you should be able to get a quick consult for between $75 and $150 dollars.