 Hi all, My boyfriend and I recently moved into an apartment in San Diego (provided my location because I know the laws differ in different states). After we signed the lease, we moved in and found out that there is no heat! Right now, the temperate drops to at least 40 degrees at night and it makes it unbearable to live. I sent several emails to our landlord agency asking them where the heat is, they refused to answer at first- then finally admitted that there is no heating system. They said that they tried to put heat in but it “fell through the cracks”. So, they said they’d buy us two space heaters which we agreed to. But the problem is it’s still too cold, and it’s driving up our electric bill tremendously. We asked them over the phone if they could pay at least some of the electric bill to which they said no. I’ve been researching the “law of habitability” in CA but can’t find anything on whether or not a heat heater will suffice in response to a no heat situation (complete lack of heating system). The landlord agency said in the email that it did, but I’d like to see the actual law. I’m very irritated and feel taken advantage of. We’re already paying numerous amounts in rent, on top of the electric bill. I would ideally like to work something out with the landlord agency about them paying our electric. But my question is, is a space heater enough? Is that under the law of habitability in the state of CA? I was considering seeking an attorney (for hopefully a free consultation) because I don’t know if we even have a case. Please advise, your answer is greatly appreciated! I just need some guidance on this issue (and to not let any slumlords take advantage of us)!  Contact your local code enforcement office and file a complaint. A code enforcement officer will more than likely declare your residence uninhabitable. If this happens, you will be immediately released from your rental agreement without further liability.  http://www.c4sa.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/2012-Handbook.pdf Page 9 Mentions some things regarding heating. :::::: WARRANTY OF HABITABILITY By statute, there are certain minimum standards that must be met for a residence to be suitable for human habitation. Civil Code Section 1941.1(a)-(h) sets forth what must not “substantially lack” from a residential unit, including: • Plumbing in good working order. • Hot and cold running water. • Heating facilities (although not air conditioning) in good working order. • Floors, stairways, and railings maintained in good repair. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.