 Location: California, USA My parent's house rests towards the bottom (lower altitude) of a block, so all the rainwater that accumulates in the top row (higher altitude) of houses drain downwards towards our house and my neighbors. There is a drainage canal at the back of our backyard that collects this rainwater and redirects it all to the street. This drainage canal runs through all the houses located on the bottom of this block. When this house was purchased, this drainage canal was completely topped off with dirt and had plants growing in it. We did not know this would be a problem. According to my neighbor, when it rains, the run off should be collecting in this canal. Instead, it is filling up too quickly, then overflowing behind our garage, where it then flows into my neighbor's backyard and floods it (I've tried to see how this is happening, but I'm not too sure myself). To fix this, my neighbors dug a ditch near our garage which has caused water to seep into our garage. We're going to have the city come take a look at this next week. My neighbor agreed to cover up the ditch, but in return, we will have to fix this overflowing problem. We did this agreement in words only, but a police officer was present. The police officer was only there to make sure things didn't get out of hand. He barely spoke, usually only to redirect the conversation back when it went off-course. He took no sides and didn't argue for any side/perspective. I was wondering if there is anything I should be worried about with this agreement. My parents are worried that he's trying to make us drop the money needed to fix this problem in his backyard, while he only has to quickly cover up this ditch (if it is our problem though, we understand that it is our responsibility to fix it). We left it off at: we'll have the city come by and take a look at what is going on. Is there anything I should watch out for? Or should I have handled things differently? Are we supposed to fix this drainage canal or is the city supposed to?  They said it's behind our garage but when we check that area after rain, it barely gets any water (it's under a roof, but according to the neighbor, it floods there), so we have been hesitant. Thank you for the help and warnings though No rain is expected this upcoming week It should be obvious any observer where the runoff is coming from. If you want to wait for official direction from the city that's your choice. You are still potentially liable for damages that occur in the interim. How much rain is expected over the next week? If none I would wait. If you're in monsoon season I'd be out clearing that drainage canal. We won't be having rain for a while, so I think waiting the week is okay and the neighbor agreed to it. We want to see where the runoff is entering their backyard is from. Thank you for the suggestions If it's on your property you are likely responsible for fixing it. You can sit back and wait for the city to tell you to fix it as long as you don't believe runoff is going to cause further damage in the meantime. We should wait and let the city figure out what to do right? They will be coming next week to check it. I wanted to make sure this is actually caused by us and that I didn't just accidentally verbally agree to fixing a problem that isn't ours  Step one: Obtain flood insurance if you're concerned about overflow. Standard homeowners will not cover this. Step two: Clear the drainage canal. If blockages on your property are causing overflow into the neighbor, he or she can sue you to recoup any losses resulting from damage. Likely the city will need to be involved though if you start messing with runoff drainage.