 Ended up having to purchase a car while In chapter 13... The interest rate is a little less than desirable. Curious if trustee's are generally willing to allow someone to refinance a vehicle using a 401k loan...I have two small loans, one of which will be paid off within 4 months.  I would be going from 15.99 to around 3... Thank you for the info... The car in question was approved for purchase through the plan Sometimes 13Ts will have information on their sites about their their specific requirements for motions to incur, but it doesn't seem to be the case in your jurisdiction. Sorry that it's the case. If all things were equal and you were just trading one secured expense under the plan for another with a lower interest rate, having no discriminatory impact on the rest of the creditors, I'm sure the Trustee would be fine with approving the refinancing. However, there's a lot bankruptcy requirements that are imposed on a debtor in a chapter 13 that you have to meet; it won't be possible for anyone to know whether you're meeting these to the satisfaction of the Trustee without having intimate knowledge of your case. A lot of different things could matter, like is this pre- or post-confirmation? Is it a 910 car? Will paying off either of two small loans be an unfair distribution to an unsecured creditor? Probably you can't really answer any of those questions, at least not completely. That's okay, that's what your bankruptcy attorney is for. As a side note, there are some really big drawbacks to taking out a 401k loan. Make sure you've weighed the beneficial interest rate vs the return you're losing over the life of the loan. You could be trading some of your bankruptcy protections away.  Indianapolis, was More curious if it sounds unreasonable... Thank you either way The local practices of Chapter 13 Trustees can be really different per jurisdiction. You haven’t listed your location. Regardless, the best source of information will be your own bankruptcy attorney, who will speak to the Trustee on your behalf and negotiate. 