 Long story short, I moved in with a "friend" and subleased under her dad who moved out so she and her young son wouldn't be homeless. Paid 70% of everything. Lease was supposed to end the end of July. However, the broker came over to see what work needed to be done on the house since the owner is putting it on the market the beginning of May, and noted several issues, all of which were there prior to me moving in. I had been speaking with the LL about subleasing myself since it was miserable living there (bathroom items tampered with, aggressive notes every day, 2 occasions were roommate got in my face and threatened to hit me, etc). After the broker came out they sent an email and said they were willing to terminate the lease the end of April provided everyone had vacated. I am gone now. I've cleaned my rooms and sent the LL photos, as well as returned my keys and let them know the situation. I've also paid my portion of rent on the portal as a lump sum up to April 30th. However, roommate is saying she refuses to leave at that point. Do I risk eviction if I do not pay anymore? I'm already paying for 2.5 months I'm not there to uphold my portion of the contract and the LL said I do not need to worry about eviction, but I'm still worried about it in the back of my mind and just want to know what I'm potentially facing in the future and what legal recourse I might have. TIA From what the LL told me I'm not on the master lease. She said I am not a contenant but a subleasee. The document I signed said a lease renewal agreement and has all 3 of our names on it. I have been paying the roommate, my sublessor's daughter, directly and she's been paying it on my behalf, but the last I spoke from the LL she said I should start paying directly through the portal.  Are you under the master lease from the landlord or just the sublease from the Dad? Were you paying the landlord or the dad?  Since I'm a subleasee, could the LL evict me or only her dad, who I'm subleasing under? Also, if one of us is evicted does that mean all of us are? You can’t end a lease between the 3 parties. You chose to leave, you’re responsible for paying out until all 3 of you come to an agreement. 