 This is my first time posting. Please let me know if I’ve missed anything! I’m a speech pathologist who lives and works in KY. The facility I work for (and many others) use waivers when patients/residents or their families don’t want to follow recommendations of the care team. I have been asked to attend a meeting with the family of a patient I work with (the patient will also be present) who is recommended for a modified diet (softer foods, thickened liquids) due to aspiration of thin liquids (thin liquids went into her airway instead of her esophagus) and difficulty chewing regular consistency foods as shown on a recent instrumental swallow evaluation. The reason she got the swallow evaluation was after she was referred to me for a severe coughing (“choking,” as some people might say) episode with a meal and a subsequent diagnosis of pneumonia which is likely related to her swallowing disorder that was classified during the aforementioned swallow evaluation. Her family doesn’t always follow the recommendations, and now my facility wants them to sign a waiver. I’ve always heard that these medical waivers don’t hold up in court. (They also come across to patients and families that the medical professionals (me, in this case) is right and they are wrong.) I have never used a diet waiver before. I provide extensive education to patients and families, as I have with this particular patient and family, regarding the diet recommendations, the rationale, and the risks and benefits associated with choosing not to follow those recommendations. I then obviously thoroughly document my education in my daily notes. (This would be considered an informed consent approach.) My questions are: do diet waivers hold up in court? Am I putting my facility at risk if I don’t use the waiver and just educate thoroughly and document that education? Do I have to use the waiver if my facility wants me to? Without seeing the specific language you're using, no one here can tell you whether your waiver would hold up in court. One thing the waiver would do is potentially convince the client that they had signed a paper waiving right to sue, which might have the practical effect of suppressing the number of lawsuits your facility has to deal with. If they want you to use the waiver, regardless of whether it's legally sound, you should probably use the waiver. If you don't, at best you're opening yourself to discipline for failure to follow policy, and at worst you're opening the facility to legal action. 