 I own a PLLC which wife is not legally allowed to be a member of. She is not an employee. Wife owns a PLLC which I am not legally allowed to be a member of. I am not an employee. We each maxed out our 401(k)s with $55,000 in 2018. After adding up the income we recieved in 2018 from our hobbies, I realized we would be damn close to being able to max out two other 401(k)s if we formed an LLC for our hobbies and qualified for additional plans. If we formed an LLC and each had a 50% interest, would we be considered a brother-sister controlled group? Or another type of group under common control? 26 USC 1563 seems to be the relevant statute Thanks  We have one, but she's not on retainer. Thought I'd post here to see if I got a definite no vs. a definite yes with a relevant cite or explanation first. I believe the groups would be related, but if I could have confirmed that for free that's what I would have preferred (obviously). But I appreciate the suggestion nevertheless! This is definitely an area where contacting an attorney before taking action is important to avoid costly mistakes  Oh I would contact our attorney before going through with anything, but she isn't free. So I figured I'd post here to see if I got an answer that would include a cite relevant to this. If it's a definite no, I wouldn't bother asking her about it. But theres no impermissible over-contributions occurring in any case. Our current plans allow for after-tax (not Roth) contributions along with as many in service rollovers as we want. My wife's income allows her to max her 401(k) the normal way. I rely on after-tax contributions which then get rolled over into a Roth IRA. If a jointly owned company would not be a related company to either of our PLLCs, it would allow us to contribute to two other 401(k)s up to the amount of profit we have from the business (or to the contribution limit, whichever is lower). I do appreciate the suggestions though, as this is definitely an area where small business owners could easily make some costly mistakes.  If you own a business with ERISA plans and have enough disposable income to max out multiple 401(k)s, you both need and can afford a real lawyer.  You need to hire an ERISA qualified attorney for a number of reasons. You can't just randomly max out multiple 401(k)s and regardless of control group status, this would likely be an example of impermissible over-contribution.