 So i got my first check from my new job in the mail today, i thought it was super weird no deductions were taken from it so i asked my boss... she said that everyone fills a 1099 tax form. i figured okay sure until i looked it up and it says that it’s for self employed/contractors which... i’m not. i work a set schedule of 20 hours per week at $13 an hour. so i should be considered an employee and have my taxes withheld? I told her i needed to talk to her about it over text and she said “i cannot withhold taxes. it is a very small company. (we have 3 doctors and 2 receptionists) Everyone who works here does 1099. I did try to explain this during the interview but i can explain some more.” I personally feel like this is weird.. my mom is in finance and said the same. Some more info idk if it’s relevant: she is the owner of a physical therapy office, it’s an LLC, my parents still claim me as a dependent, i was told id work as many hours as available in the future if needed, i was given a w4 so i considered it normal i wasn’t told this in the interview. My Q’s: is this legal... is there anyway to get her to withhold... just general info maybe i’m not understanding? apparently i pay double taxes if im “self employed” will that happen with a 1099?  It’s not your job to educate your boss on tax law. When forming the LLC, she had access to all of the information she needed to properly set up employees and payroll. She is violation of tax law, not you. You have an obligation to protect yourself as an employee. You are working without protection from work comp and liability insurance. You are also not getting your state unemployment coverage. You are not having your taxes withheld and paid. This is a big deal and potentially big liability for YOU. Make a phone call to the IRS.  if she doesn’t agree to change it then unfortunately i’ll have to but i don’t want it to be my go to, i want her to fully understand what she’s doing.. it’s a really small business so sometimes slip ups happen. i’m not mad im just confused and want to get it solved. It helps show that you are definitely not a 1099 employee. Why not report her for tax fraud? She’s literally shifting her rightful burden of taxes off onto you. That doesn’t piss you off? Thank you, I do feel like this is going to have to take an extra step because of her text that she sent. I don’t want to have to take responsibility for her misc-ategorizing me. NAL but a long time employer of standard and 1099 help. There is a test in order to have people work for you and be considered sub-contractors ( and receive a 1099). Does you boss tell you when and where to perform your job? Did you bid on the job? If you answer yes then no, your boss is breaking employment law. They probably don’t have the required workers comp. insurance either. I would not work for them. I would also consider reporting them to state and federal agencies for tax fraud.  It sounds likely that you're being mis-categorized. The size of the business has no impact on the correct categorization of employees. Here's a link from the IRS with more information. []() If you believe based on this information that you're being mis-categorized, then you should first reach out to your employer. If you get no results, or there is retaliation against you, you should contact the Virginia Department of Labor and Industry. There are a few things to note about working 1099... You are responsible for your own tax witholdings. You are also responsible for both the employee and employer contribution to Social Security and Medicare. You are likely not covered under your employer's unemployment insurance, workers' comp insurance, or general liability insurance.