 I was brought into the US when I was a small child. I can’t remember the trip or anything about my country. I didn’t learn I was an illegal immigrant until I was about 14. I always thought that it was strange that I rarely saw my grandparents and eventually figured out my situation. My dad has just left me to live on his own and I have no way to legally work to pay the bills. The closest family I have is in California, but I have no way to contact them after falling out. I’m 18 and in my last months of highschool. I know that my best option is to return to my birth country but I don’t know anyone there and I can’t speak the language well. What should I do, I’m running out of hope. Thanks I know what hospital I was born in, hopefully I can find a way to get a birth certificate sent to me. There is no such thing as a sanctuary city. That is pure political talk. All those cities are doing is saying they wont assist the federal government to deport people which means just about nothing. At most the OP could move to a state where they can get a drivers license as an illegal, but it would be better if they try to get a college visa before shopping around states. 's license or some type of driving permit. 1st ask your family to verify 100% where you were born, what city, what hospital, etc? Ask if they have any documentation from your country like a birth certificate. Your best bet is to setup an appointment with an embassy for your country. What country do you think you are from??? It matters for re-entry after you get your passport. Get all your legal documents and passport through the embassy. Then apply to college and get a student visa so you can stay here for longer. Start learning your language while going to college. You can legally work with a college visa. After college try to get a work visa, if not then you have to go to your country. If you need a job/money then you are going to have to contact some immigrant help groups that can help get you connected with cash jobs in the mean time. You could even ask the group that hangs out at the back of home depot parking lots. Definitely do not go through any border checkpoints until you get your legal status figured out along with a passport from your home country.  If you're really worried about being deported, you might considering moving to a sanctuary city while you sort everything out. This looks like my best option, thank you. I had to provide evidence that I had lived in the US for the past 10 years and hadn’t left the country. I was able to get my report cards to prove I was in the US throughout the school but it took me a while to gather evidence I hadn’t left the country during summer vacation. DACA shut down before I could find something. Also I can’t apply anymore, the official US immigration website states they aren’t accepting new applicants. why didn't you apply for DACA?. i don't know how it works, but speak to an immigration attorney see if you can still apply. You will probably need an attorney as each immigration case is very personal and has a lot of moving parts. I would see if there are local law schools in the area who have immigration clinics, as they tend to he helpful with cases such as yours and are usually free or low cost.  Advice is probably all they could offer. What kind of assistance? You may be able to get assistance from the nearest consulate of your country of citizenship. I’ve been searching the internet since he left, every article and the official USCIS website has said they are only accepting renewals. I never got to send my application before it was shut down. DACA is still allowing [renewals]() because the injunction failed, but they are not accepting new applications at this time.  Yea they are. It wasn’t closed.  As far as I know DACA was closed down in 2017. Are they still accepting applicants? Apply for daca and get a job 