 Sooooo, my supervisor has a big mouth and can’t seem to help telling one of my co-workers EVERYTHING that happens or is said in our office.....she (the co-worker, who I will call V)has no supervisory responsibility but is still entrusted with lots of (what I think is) confidential information regarding the rest of our department, to the point where my supervisor blind cc’s V on emails that have nothing to do with her.... Because I know all of this, I did not immediately alert him to the fact that I had applied for a transfer to a different department until after the second interview, where my potential new boss let me know that she would be reaching out to him to discuss me as an employee. At that point, I told him that I had applied for a transfer, that my potential new boss would be in touch, and that I would like our conversation to be kept in complete confidence. I stressed that last fact more than once and he assured me that he would not share anything that we had just discussed with anyone else in our department. He appeared to forget those assurances when he picked up the phone later that day to tell V. She then immediately told another co-worker A and a couple weeks later, told co-worker B with the warning “Don’t tell anyone! &lt;Supervisor !” So, today, co-workers A and B had an attack of conscience and told me the whole story, including the fact that my potential new boss sent my current supervisor an email discussing how she would like to speak to him about me and he BCC’d V on the reply..... So, did anyone do anything wrong, legally? I mean, the whole thing was pretty fucking douchey if you ask me since I specifically asked him to not say anything and he went ahead and did it anyway. But does it also violate any labor laws? Would I have a case if I even just went to HR to complain? (I live in Michigan, if that makes any difference) Ahhhhh....I didn’t think so....and even if it was, I wouldn’t have pursued anything because I know better than to burn bridges, especially when I’ll still have the same Director when I go.....but I would have had some fun before I left, tormenting V and making her think I was going to sue her and our supervisor or complain to HR about them......it would have driven her MAD because she’s actually scared of me.... Maybe I’ll still do SOMETHING to fuck with her..... Thanks for the quick response!! None of that is illegal.