 Hi all, I will preface this by saying that my roommate and I were on civil terms before this. Arguments never came close to shouting and never physical, so there was no threat or danger of me harming him. Location is Kentucky. I haven't seen my roommate since New Year's Eve. I don't think he has been back to the apartment since then either. I can 100% confirm he hasn't been here for the last 3 days or nights. He won't reply to any text messages or phone calls I've been sending his way. I don't have any contact info for his family, nor do I know where any of them live. I have been living with him for over 2 years now. Over the course of that time, he has had trouble maintaining a steady job, and so has lapsed on bills. I would cover for him so that my credit (which most of the bills are under) would not be hit. We've kept track of all of the money I have "covered" for him on a Google Sheet, his current debt to me is right at $3,000. We are both currently signed onto the lease for this apartment, with 3 months left in the lease. Due to his consistently bad habit with money, he probably saw the $3k as something he would never be able to pay back. I believe he went to spend Christmas with his family, and they are currently housing him. His credit is already bad (he's had several credit cards canceled from under him due to non-payment). He can basically walk away from the apartment lease and all the bills, and still continue his life with almost no immediate consequences since his financial life was in ruins anyway. I spoke with the leasing office when he first started getting bad about paying bills. We have been paying rent from my bank account (I have all the receipts since they were done through an online portal). I asked them if I could simply pay my half of the monthly rent payment, and if he didn't pay it would only hurt his credit/status and not mine, but they said they don't accept partial payments so either all of the payment is made and we both have good status or we don't pay and we miss the payment. Rent was due the 1st of the month, so I think he timed leaving along with the rent payment being due. He hasn't given me any money since mid December. My only angle I think I currently have is his phone. It's actually a leased phone on my phone plan under my name. He is still active on social media, so I know he has it with him. Could I possibly report this as theft to the police, and I can use that as an angle going forward? He left a lot of stuff in his room in the apartment. He hasn't touched any of it or come back to pick it up, but I've taken pictures of his room and mine just in case he comes back for it (he still has a key to the apartment). What are my options here? Can I work the angle of the stolen phone? Is there any way I can get him off of my lease without him coming into the leasing office to sign his way off of it? What's the best way to proceed without me getting in any legal trouble? I don't think small claims would work out well because he has no money. Any help is appreciated. Situations like this your only option is pay the rent and then sue him in small claims court. Unfortunately Kentucky has a claim limit of 2500 and you can't get blood from a stone. Here is a link to a small claims court handbook for your state.  I’m currently working on that. Yeah, I’ve been taken advantage of big time. It’s my fault for letting myself get into the position. I’m just trying to minimize the damage at this point.  Regarding the phone. Cut it off. Even if you’re paying the lease on it what’s to stop him from running up charges? You sound like a good person that’s been taken advantage of for awhile so start taking care of yourself.  Ok... Well then I reckon the other peoples' comments are more salient. I just wanted to make sure :) I’ve tried to contact him in as many ways as I can. He won’t return calls or texts, but is still active on his various social media accounts.  NAL - are you sure something bad didn't happen to him? I wonder if it would be a good idea to make sure he's ghosting you and not at the bottom of a frozen lake? I guess that angle is tossed out then.  Then it isn't theft. I allowed him to use it. However, the phone is entirely in my name, and is still being paid for on a lease in my name, on an account in my name.   Did he actually steal it from you, or did you allow him to use it?