 I have the resources, money and time to begin a small scale wholesale produce business out of my home. Is it legal to run a wholesale produce business out of a spare room in my home? This room will be 100% dedicated to growing fresh produce, and to harvesting seeds for online sales. According to this [link](http://agr.georgia.gov/Data/Sites/1/ag_Consumer%20Protection/Administration/files/License%20to%20Operate%20with%20Fees.pdf) from the Georgia Department of Agriculture, the firm codes and types I believe could apply to my business are (564 Wholesale Produce Vendor, 801 Roadside Fresh Vegetable/Fruit Stand, 862 Rolling Stores/Mobile Vending, 867 Out of State Rolling Stores/Mobile Vending). I plan on calling the GDoA tomorrow for further information on what I need to do to get licensed, but if anyone has any additional insight as to what I can expect or do to proceed, it would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. Not legal info but make sure your electrical system is able to handle any additional loads. Also the County Extension agent.  You plant on growing the produce inside? What’s your method for pollination? Also I am not sure if you are aware but certain plants when they grow and form their fruit and you harvest the seed, you are not actually harvesting a seed that will produce like the parent plant. Hybrids may not produce true to seed, or a cross pollination with another plant can create new offspring. Sometimes the offspring is edible, and sometimes it’s not. I noticed in some of your posts for gardening that last year was your first year and you hadn’t harvested seeds, so I’m sorry if I’m wrong about your level of knowledge on this matter.  Go to a local farmers market or contact local CSA’s and ask them what they did to get going. Do you have a plan for testing viability of your seeds and germination rates? One reason the “good” seed companies are so popular is because they have seeds that perform. I know Baker Creek warranties their seeds for viability for two years. Large seed companies are selling less than stellar seeds and work on a mass scale to produce any profit. I would also check with the local colleges to see if they have a Horticulture or small scale farm class. If there is, take a tour and ask the program director questions. Often they will have some sort of starting the business course.  Yeah I've thought about that too. I'm going to explain the situation to the GDoA rep that I talk to tomorrow and see what they have to say. I know that there is a Cottage Food program that allows for the creation of certain goods (jams/jellies/pickles, that kind of thing) inside of inspected and approved homes. Since that is the case, I am really hoping that simply growing the raw produce in my home will also be allowed. I know that a lot of people do illegal online and roadside sales, but if I can, I want this thing to be a licensed and legitimate business. You should also make sure your town allows this sort of business in a residential building.  I probably will, whatever those may be. That's something else I'll need to look into. I'm hoping that in speaking with a GDoA rep, I'll be able to get a full rundown of what to expect. wouldn’t you have to abide by FDA regulations as well? 