 We live in Australia, NSW and last night on New Years my boyfriend overloaded his car with one extra person and the four people in the back (including the extra) had no seat belts on. I wasn’t in the car at the time. He’s on his green P’s and It was double demerits as it was a public holiday and he lost 12. $1200 fine, 12 month suspension. The money is no problem, we can pay that off. It’s the 12 months without a license that’s the kicker. It’s his first offence. He’s 18, we just moved out together, I don’t have my license and he works out of town. Our livelihood depends heavily on his license. He’s a respectable kid with two jobs. We’re going to call someone tomorrow for further advice but in the mean time what’s the chances of appealing this and shortening the suspension?  If you're insanely lucky and catch someone on a good day, you may be able to get a Good Behaviour Bond - where BF gets ONE demerit point for I think either 12-24 months. If he messes up at ALL in that time - I'm talking clocked doing ANY kind of speeding offense, red light camera - anything he loses his license then some - normally community service and some additional fine I believe. IMO it's 100% his fault and really he should have known better. Yes it's nice that he was (presumably, since you don't mention it) being the designated sober person and making sure friends got where they were going safely, but his first thought should ALWAYS be ensuring that he's abiding by the strict terms of his license requirements because everyone knows that policing in Australia is 95% revenue raising, and if you've got P plates you should just expect to get pulled over more often than not.  The only small glimmer of hope I can provide is to speak to a lawyer who specialises in traffic law in NSW since it seems you can afford it. They may be able to try to go into bat for your boyfriend to get something like a good behaviour bond. That stated, it is only a glimmer of hope as you are only eligible to apply if you have a full licence (not Ps) but you never know what a lawyer with a lot of experience in this area can do. Literally zero. Unfortunately you've ticked all the wrong boxes for a traffic offence in NSW; P plater, no seatbelts, and an overloaded car, right in the middle of a double demerit block. There's nothing stopping you from appealing, but with those circumstances, it's not happening.