 I was on my was at to work at 4am in heavy rain with several inches of rainwater already fallen (it has been raining for several days and there are several areas flooded). I hydroplaned when going around a curve and overcorrected, slid sideways into the median, and rolled over on my driver's side at least 4 times. My car called 911 and sent my coordinates. My wreck was about 100 yards outside of city limits (I was leaving the city not entering.) For some reason the dispatcher only sent the city PD and paramedics ... not state troopers, which they should have sent both because it was within 5 miles of city limits, but still outside. Someone stopped and helped me climb out of the vehicle. I could move but she helped me get out of the back windshield as the car was on its side. She sat with me until police arrived. Two officers in separate vehicles from the city PD arrived. One approached me, kicked a beer can in the median and asked if it was mine, to which I answered "no". I was sitting in a flooded median in the rain crying and in shock. He goes to the other officers car for a while and then comes back to ask my name and SS#, returns to other officers vehicle and, I assume, checks to see if I have any warrants outstanding. The EMTs arrive but I am in shock and stay where in am. The second officer asks if I want to go to the hospital and I say something to the extent of "I dont know if I'm hurt that bad". He says "well okay but there they are I'd you change your mind". EMTs approach me and I am too much in shock to speak much but I say I want a blanket and they ask me to come closer to the ambulance because it's dark and they were afraid of dangerous drivers hitting me. As they help me walk over there, the police leave. Cars begin to drive in between me and my car and the ambulance and there are lots of debris in the road. I didnt know where my phone was and my car was overturned in the mud so I couldn't look for it there. The EMTs were angry the police left. They called 911 again and asked for them to send a state trooper. They had to call a trooper in who was q county over and still in bed so it took about 2 hours for him to get there. The paramedics were kind enough to wait with me and let me sit in the ambulance until the trooper arrived and called a wrecker and I was able to contact a family member So sorry for the long post lol. But has anyone experienced anything like this before, where the police left prematurely? I had several injuries, it was flooded, raining, dark, December cold, and I am a 20 year old woman. Were the police in the wrong or in the right?  Because you cannot force someone to get medical attention, so long as they appear to be competent. People have a right to refuse healthcare, and in the US when it can cost a couple grand for an ambulance ride the company does not want to get sued. I'm doing better and I'm glad your daughter is okay! I work in Birmingham. I didnt sign anything so that's interesting. I do think I'll file a complaint   This does not mean what you think it means. You meant "shocked" which, though it looks similar, means something completely different. The confusion between these two concepts often leads to misunderstanding and incorrect assumptions about the duties of first responders. There is no medical term or diagnosis for "acting weird due to surprise" nor is there a medical treatment for it. Having the medical state of "shock" a.k.a. being "in shock" means profound fluid loss away from the vital organs, usually from massive bleeding such as a large gunshot wound. "Shocked" is an emotion in the surprise spectrum which is not related to large fluid shifts in the torso. Someone in shock is at risk of immediate death and needs to go to the ER whether they understand that or not. They are likely unconscious, but if not, they don't have enough oxygen in their brain to have anything they mumble be taken seriously. EMS and police have a serious duty to get them help as soon as possible. Someone feeling "shocked" is still quite competent to decline medical care. There is no first responder duty to force them to a hospital.  Hope you are okay and recovering! My daughter was in an accident recently and I go to the scene, thankfully she was unhurt, but we had to sign a refusal of medical care form (small city outside of bham). As far as the cops, I would report it to their IA department just in case, that's really shitty!  I think what I really am curious about is if I refuse treatment and have no way of contacting family members, the EMTs should have left and the police left. It does not seem safe to leave someone in bad weather at night when the have no way to contact anyone... myself or anyone else. If that's the correct protocol, I just want to know why that is I guess.  [removed] IANAL but in terms of medical care to avoid abandonment, you must be left in the care of personnel that are trained medically to an equal or higher level. Police officers are usually not trained medically any higher than EMR. If they left you in the care of an EMT or paramedic, you have no case of medical abandonment... which it sounds like what you are fishing for here.  Nothing. Im curious as to what the law around this is though. I think I've got the answer and I'm satisfied with it. So if I refused treatment im still in the care of EMTs? I have no expectations? That may be true. Although I live in a very tiny town in the deep south where nothing ever happens.  I’m going to be blunt here—your expectations seem a little odd. I know that for you it was a major, terrible life event, but for the cop it was just another workday. You were left in the care of EMTs. What more did you want police to do? I am not looking to be a victim but it seemed odd to me. No problem.  The cops did nothing wrong that I can see. You refused treatment. They don't have a duty to force you to get treatment if you appear competent (which it sounds like you did). Sorry. True. I didnt know I was injured until later because of shock. But that was not the fault of the police. If you were injured, you should have had the EMTs take you to the hospital. The police did not do anything wrong here. 