 I gave my landlord a security deposit of $1,500 2 years ago, but he never disclosed to me any information about where my deposit is stored and potentially used it for whatever he desired (like a brand new truck) Could I make a case about this, and what sort of action should i take if i decided to pursue this issue?  He can only deduct actual damages from the deposit.  Right, but can he withhold the deposit for breaching the contract even though he has no proof that I had a animal. I've since moved out and he did not take any sort of action when he initially found out.  Under North Carolina law, a landlord must return the tenant's security deposit within 30 days after the tenant has moved out. 31st of December. I signed a one year lease two years ago on January 14th.  When did you move out? I was actually gonna comment that. In the NC tenant security deposit act it states what a land lord is able to do with your deposit. If you dont mind could you go and check out the comments I made on that users thread that you quoted and tell what you think? I'd greatly appreciate it.  Ignore that user. They’re an idiot.   't matter how it's spent in the meantime. Yes, it absolutely does matter. Once again, you're commenting on things you know nothing about. In the state of North Carolina, a landlord has two options for storing a tenant’s security deposit: 1) Trust Account: The account must be in a licensed and insured bank or financial institution which is located in North Carolina. 2) Bond: A landlord can elect to post a bond for the amount of the security deposit. The bond must be issued by an insurance company which has a business license in North Carolina. If the landlord posts a bond for the amount of the security deposit in the state of North Carolina, they are then free to keep the security deposits in a trust account outside of the state if they choose.  He never took any action when he saw the animal. I've since moved out. It would be his word over mine as he has no proof that I have an animal.  He might have you on the breach. Could make the contract null and void. I've already moved and he is saying that it would be midway through January before he is able to return it. He seems adamant about giving my deposit back, even after I breached the contract by rescuing a pet. (Which I'm grateful for) I just want to know if I've got some ammo to fire back in case he does decide to not give me my deposit back. Does breaching a contract in that way still grounds for withholding a deposit even if there were no damages and the lease doesnt state anything about withholding as a violation of contract? I literally cant stand my landlord. He never repaired anything that I asked him, but i still payed my rent every month. He never had the house inspected that I was leasing. He got us fire detectors, but they arent wired into the electricity. Just overall I feel like he hasnt done stuff the proper way.  If you're moving out and the place is in good order, you get the deposit back upon returning the keys. As long as you get your deposit back, it doesn't matter how it's spent in the meantime. Are you planning on moving out soon? Has he expressed that there is no deposit when you leave? If that's the case, consult a lawyer. If the landlord failed to inform you of where the deposit is stored and the failure was willful, the landlord forfeits the right to withhold anything from your deposit when you vacate.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.