 I am currently living and working in California as an environmental consultant. The company I work for is based out of Louisiana but has satellite offices in other states. I was recently offered a full time position with a 40k salary plus benefits which I accepted (gotta get that health care). I was recently told that California has a minimum salary requirement of $49,920 as of January 1st, although in 2018 it was around $43,000 (which I also just found out). My question is this, as an exempt employee am I entitled to this raise in my salary to meet the California minimum requirement? Your salary amount indicates that as far as I can tell that your pay qualifies for the salary non-exempt qualification but the profession includes an exception in California law from receiving overtime pay. My job places me in the salary exempt category, as I do not receive overtime pay and am paid the same amount every two weeks. But in regards to your response, you are saying I should be eligible for overtime hours because the minimum salary is not met? Sorry if I'm not understanding correctly. My job places me in the salary exempt category, as I do not receive overtime pay and am paid the same amount every two weeks. But in regards to your response, you are saying I should be eligible for overtime hours because the minimum salary is not met? Sorry if I'm not understanding correctly. I started at the company as an hourly employee, but was offered a fulltime position. If my current salary us substantially less than California's minimum exempt salary do you think it would be better to bring it up with my employer or file with the DLSE? And do I have protections from being demoted/fired? I'm sorry to say but you are confusing minimum wage and employee classification together. California allows for three types of employee classification for the purpose of wage earnings: Hourly - Where you are paid for each hour of work. Overtime laws may apply depending on profession, sales clerks all overtime rules apply, none for software developers for example. Salary Exempt - This is where you are paid the same amount regardless of hours worked every pay period - usually two weeks but this has some two weeks. In California, salary exempt starts at double the minimum wage using the concept of the effective wage. In this category you receive no overtime regardless of hours worked - even if you work but a single hour in the pay period. What is the effective rate. The effective rate is what you would be paid based on hourly pay with the assumption salary is full-time, or 40 hours a week. Assuming a two week pay period, your effective rate is your pay divided by 80. If your effective rate is between the minimum wage and double that amount 11-22 dollars an hours, the third status applies. Assuming none of the cities with a higher minimum wage such as San Francisco. 22 52 weeks 40 hours is $45760. $49920 is based on a location with a $12 an hour minimum wage. Below those numbers and earns salary a person is in the third category. Salary Non-exempt - A person in this category earns the salary every pay period, but overtime laws, depending on profession, may apply. The exemptions are listed here: An environmental consultant might qualify for the Professional exemption, described as: ; Order 3 as mentioned on that page is the one that is related to overtime pay rules. This would seem to indicate you are exempt, aka not eligible overtime pay. If you are not sure, I encourage emailing the California DLSE with more details of your work to see if you are eligible for overtime pay.   's overtime laws is directly tied to the state minimum wage. So when the minimum wage goes up statewide, so does the exempt salary threshold. -time employment. -wage ordinances do not affect the exempt salary threshold. "The exempt category is a state-based exemption, and the salary needed to qualify for the state exemption is specifically based on the state minimum wage," Sterman said. . $43,680 in 2018 (based on the $10.50 minimum wage) and $45,760 in 2019. If you're earning substantially less than that they can switch you to hourly. IANAL To my knowledge, there is no minimum salary in CA. That being said, to be salary exempt, you must meet certain (very narrow) requirements. If you fall under the "administrative" exemption, one of the requirements is that you are paid what comes out to be 2x minimum wage. If your company is breaking the law, you need to file a dispute with your counties labor office.