 Okay, so I am 17. and my parents are divorced. They divorced when I was 7, and I have two sisters (20,21) and one brother (24). We all lived with my mom for the first few years, and eventually my sister (20), my brother, and myself moved in with our dad. My dad still to this day pays child support for all four of us. I'm the only one under 18, and everybody else has a job of their own. I don't want my dad having to pay for unnecessary child support, when all my mom does with the money is spend it on herself. My dad just let's her, because he thinks he can't tell ANYBODY no. So he let's her just take his money, and I really want to do something about it. I'm only 17, so I am trying to get my brother to help me, but a change needs to happen. Any help would be appreciated. Best not to go anywhere near this. I was a dad in a similar situation and I happily kept paying the support. It's insurance. The mom can make all kinds of trouble over the custody and living arrangements, and my overriding concern was what was best for the kids. It was far better to lose some money for useless "child support" payments than it would be risk mom forcing a change in visitation or custody. The support payments will end soon enough. Not worth the hassle that could be unleashed by threatening this arrangement. Ok. Thank you How do you mean?  There are three possible scenarios. One is that you Father owes child support that he did not pay previously, and is in arrears. He needs to pay that whether any of you have turned the age of majority or not. The second - there is an order for child support, and when you and your siblings moved in with your Father, it was up to him to go back to court and have custody and child support changed. Third scenario is he is paying her alimony that was court ordered, or, for some other reason still wants to provide her with money. All scenarios are between your Father and Mother, and the only person who can do anything to change this is your Father. If he doesn't want to do anything about it, despite complaining about it, there isn't anything anyone can do. A sad rule of life is that you can't force people to fix their broken situations. You can choose to listen to him vent, or tell him that you aren't listening because this issue doesn't concern you.  Aside from taking the most obvious, correct, and efficient step? No, there is no one else's time you can waste. This isn't how any of this works, legally speaking. Not in any way. I suppose so. There's nothing else I can do? The agency you would tip off is your dad.  I can't even like drop an anonymous tip or something like that? Or is that even possible?  You have no standing. There is, literally and technically, nothing you can do about your parents’ support arrangements. It’s up to your dad.  I live in Colorado. How do you mean? Depending on where you live, child support doesn't necessarily stop at 18. 