 Hello, I rented a room that was advertised as having hardwood floors. When I checked out the room, I was wearing shoes and looked around and it looked fine to me, and I wasn’t told anything about it to be abnormal. After I signed the sublease and moved in, I was walking around in my room and got a huge splinter on my foot. I looked more closely and the hardwood is raw and unfinished and it’s splintering a lot on the entire floor. Any type of fabric I put on the floor picks up small splinters, and if I clean it, it constantly picked up splinters as well and is never ending. I asked the sublessor about this, and he said that the previous tenant had a dog who ruined the carpet so they tore it out, and he left before paying for the damages. He explained to me that he actually owes the landlord a new carpet which he hasn’t had money to do yet. He didn’t say much else, he said he could help me pay for a rug, but never really followed up on it. It’s been a couple months now and I’ve been trying to just live with it but it is really bothering me and I feel like this isn’t right and the floor needs to be resurfaced to rent out. I don’t know how to go about it, if anything has any insight or advice about this, I’d really appreciate it. Thank you! Good luck! Hey man, so sorry for the late reply, didn’t see this till now. I read through and actually found a section specifically talking about floors needing to be in good repair, so I will use this to speak with the sublessor. Thank you so much! Greatly appreciate it Your best bet will be to try to resolve it directly with the tenant if possible. If that route doesn’t work, then I would contact the landlord to see if he’s able to take care of it or find out what solutions he has to offer. Your situation isn’t necessarily cut and dry but I recommend also taking a look through [tenant landlord rights and responsibilities. ](http://www.hcd.ca.gov/manufactured-mobile-home/mobile-home-ombudsman/docs/Tenant-Landlord.pdf) It’s long but has been useful for me in the past. Also, does your lease say anything about the floors or who is responsible for damage? I’m on a sublet lease through the tenant here, and on the lease, it states that the landlord has given permission to sublease the space It’s with the tenant  Who is your sublease with? A tenant or the owner/landlord? 