 Hey everyone, I'm in a bit of a problem and I figured this might be a good place for advice moving forward. I live in New Jersey and this happened in South Jersey. I bought a car on November 12th from an official Honda dealership(as opposed to ma pa dealerships). When I started the car at the dealership, it was incredibly loud. I asked the salesperson why it was so loud and he told me that the car had a modified exhaust system. He then went on to tell me that younger people typically like the louder exhaust. By "modified exhaust system," I thought he was talking about a performance exhaust. I didn't bat an eye at his response because the windows were blacked out and it was lowered with an actual kit. I trusted what he told me. I bought the car preowned with a 42 month powertrain plus silver warranty. I have been paying attention to the sound of my exhaust lately and I noticed that my cold starts are much louder than they should be. I decided to look under my car tonight and: NO EXHAUST. No muffler, no bracket for mounting it. There is absolutely nothing there. I have called and left a message. I will be going there tomorrow morning to sort this out, but what can I do? What is on my side and what is on the side of the dealership? I wouldn't have bought this car had I known that I'd have to pay an extra 200-300 for parts alone. The paperwork has no mention of the exhaust or muffler(or lack of them) and does not list the car "as is" Thank you for reading this, I hope someone can help me through this! You're supposed to do an inspection on the car prior to purchase. Not after. The car has an exhaust. It's probably modified. It might not have cats or a muffler, but it almost certainly has an exhaust, which is what the dealer told you.  [removed] Thank you for your help. Do you know if there is anything I can do about the installation of the pieces by the dealership? Especially since I was told that there was already some form of exhaust system on the vehicle at the time of purchase? As far as I know the only dealer requirement is that it passes emissions immediately after sale. You might need to jack it up to figure out where the exhaust goes.  It passed inspection, I'm not exactly sure how. I wasn't aware of it at the time. I dont know too much about cars since I'm just getting into them. Here is a picture of the underside from the back. http://imgur.com/gallery/jjoehZz Does it pass inspection in its current state? I’m assuming it’s straight piped (exhaust system doesn’t have a muffler) rather than having open headers (exhaust goes out the hood straight off the cylinders). 