 My (25F) Bf (29M) of over 5 years, and our girlfriend (21F) of 1-2 years recently had a baby. How do we get a birth certificate with all of our names on it? We did not all live together at the time of the birth, but we will be moving in together soon. (BF watches the baby most of the time while GF and I are at work.) I am the primary on all things housing related, none of us are married. Any important info I forgot? This is OR/USA for reference. (Didn't know which flair to use) Yes, "tri-parenting". But very rare and seems to happen in OR at least when the 3rd party is the spouse of one of the bio-parents, and even then these were via judicial decision, so they'd have to file a case, not just fill out some paperwork. And most likely OP would need to formalize the relationship with one of the parents.  He's actively trying to get custody of that same child. He used his poverty to avoid supporting a child. Now he has another to support. Yeah I guess he ‘won’. Everyone’s a winner here.  Family law is completely incompatible your relationships. A child cannot have more than two parents. Period. The. End. Bio mom. Is always automatically one of the two parents (outside of a surrogacy in which case birth mother is a legal stranger after the child is born). But in your case, bio mom is one parent. In nearly al cases, including your case bio dad is the other parent, win the slight wrinkle that a child born to non-married parents has only a presumptive father until there is an actual finding of paternity by a court in a paternity action. Since your BF hasn’t gone to court to establish paternity, your GF could take her child and move to another state if she chose. Your BF could go to court and get parenting time. You are a stranger to the child. I have as much right to the child as you do, which is none whatsoever. The only real variation on this would be if you marry the GF, then BF relinquishes his rights and you adopt the child. Then the child has two mothers and no father. There are more issues and wrinkles that could arise, but be aware of the shaky ground you stand on going forward. Oh think that even if you broke up it would all still be cool with wanting the other folks to see the child. But shit often gets nasty in “traditional” relationships when they break up. It’s just as likely to happen with you all.  Makes no difference. The child is not yours. Period, end of story. You have zero legal obligations to it.  I'm not asking because I want to wrestle rights or custody away from anyone... They both simply want me to be included, I'm asking these questions because if the three of us I'm the most familiar with Reddit. "had dismissed and had a judgement stating that the department of child support owes him money" The child is nobody to you, unless mom gives it up for adoption and you and dad adopt it. You have literally zero rights to it as you did not father or mother the child.  ... ‘Won’ His only money comes from Social Security Disability, since they can't garnish Social Security, and he has no paycheck, they can't garnish his wages. He already won a child support case based on this. The law does not care.  How, exactly, do you think he can't be sued for support? That's not how it works.  I would, my BF cannot be sued for child support for legal reasons, but we would want to maintain partial custody even if she decided not to continue living with us. But we all live together? Two of you are already on the certificate right? So you just want to add in a third person? You would need to consult with a lawyer. There is no simple form to fill out that would allow that but it does seem like some judges have allowed a thrid parent adoption in some individual cases in Oregon.  I’ll start with the legal advice: you cannot. The birth certificate will have the bio mother and whoever you name as the father, which should really be the bio dad. Now for the life advice: You should have consulted with a family attorney first if you wanted to lock down an arrangement, but you really need to rethink what you’re trying to do here. Maybe your 21 year old GF will still be around a year from now, but I’m not going to bet on it. She’s 21, and she’s not living with you now, so I’m going to go way the hell out on a limb and say that she’s not in position to sign up for the entirety of this child’s life. And think of this: if she were to split off, do you want to share custody with her? Because that’s what you’re signing up for.  I can't find any provision in Oregon law that would permit a birth certificate with three parents, absent a court order. The non-biological parent can petition for a third parent adoption, but there is no guarantee it would be granted. You don’t. Mom and dad go on the birth certificate, you go on nothing. 