 [Louisiana ] If I say the machine that I broke, it will be obvious where I work and I prefer not to disclose that information. I was messing around with a co-worker and we accidentally broke a piece of equipment that according to my manager costs well over $10,000. My boss immediately sent me home and told me the next day that I am for now “suspended without pay”. She also said she is planning on pressing charges but i didn’t break any laws. Can they do this to me? I would like to sue them since this job is my only source of income. I haven’t been fired yet but the way they are talking, it sounds like they will be firing me in the very near future.  You think drunk drivers purposely go head on with s family of 4? You were acting in such a way that you damaged equipment. Polish up your resume now.  If I was just messing around at work, swinging a baseball bat around and I hit you in the head cracking your skull and breaking my bat, would you be cool paying me back for the bat and calling it even? It was just an accident. I shouldn’t have to pay for any damage you suffered since I didn’t purposely smash your head in.  Was there a big sign behind you that said no horseplay at work too? You can't be serious, are you? Learn to accept responsibility. You're an adult. Do you think anybody means to be in a car accident? Or that anybody means to let their service be hacked? This wasn't even an accident. It was your negligence that led to this.  Time to quit and find a new job. You are expected to act properly at work. You acted improperly and in an unsafe manner, causing damage. Cut your losses, move on, and hope they don’t try to come after you for the repair cost.  Property damage is a crime and you do not have to have done it on purpose. You were reckless (“messing around”) around expensive equipment that did not belong to you. You should have to pay for it.  Dude. Find out the cost of the repair to the machine by calling the manufacturer or someone who specializes in repair. If they just have to buy a new one you're fucked and they can totally sue you for it. I bet you get lucky and just get fired. Let us know what happens. Yes, they can suspend you for this and even lawfully fire you. You aren’t suing anyone because you don’t have a case. 24 based off your comments, you sound delusional. You broke a piece of equipment, it doesn’t matter if you meant to or not. They have every right to fire you. Good luck with suing them haha.  She can press charges for destruction of property and these charges would probably stick. You have admitted to 'messing around', and you may be found liable for the cost of repairing or replacing the equipment as well, if they choose to go that route. Suspending you without pay is a route to possibly not firing you and pressing charges - you're lucky you weren't fired on the spot. How old are you? I admittedly was screwing around but I didn’t mean to break it It doesn't matter if you did it on purpose.  Absent a union or a contract, you have neither the right to nor the guarantee of employment. Your recourse to not being paid is to get another job. Yeah I was messing around with him but do you think I purposefully broke the equipment? Is this a troll post? You admitted you were screwing around with another employee. They're right to suspend you until you can prove you're responsible. Dont mess around on the job bruh. Life sucks, breaking equipment is 100% a good way to get fired. But hey at least it didnt teach you anything and you get to feel like a victim!  -worker Not completely an accident then...  You won't win. It was a complete accident.  Only if you have a contract or union agreement that lists the specific circumstances under which you can be fired. The majority of people in the US don't, and default to at-will employment In that case, you have no recourse. You can file for unemployment for this suspension period if you want, or wait until you've been fired Absent of something in an employment contract your employer generally does not need a reason to suspend or terminate you. You have nothing to sue for. So wait, you broke a 10k piece of equipment and YOU want to sue THEM? People like you make me lose faith in humanity. Take some responsibility for your stupidity.