 Our 8 month old kitten got her leg tangled in something when playing a few weeks ago and started limping so we took her to the emergency vet to figure out if it was a sprain or something more serious. The vet sedated her, ran some x-rays and told us she looked fine and to give her pain meds for a few days. When we were about to take her home the radiologist called and said they did see a fracture on her growth plate. So they had to sedate her again since she had already come out of it to put a splint on her (which I’ve read also comes with its own risks). Since then we’ve been taking her to the vet weekly to get her splint checked and changed and since she’s unresponsive to the sedation meds they need to put her under every time to change her splint. This has been costing us hundreds of dollars per week (not to mention trauma to our poor kitten who used to love her carrier and now fights to go in it) which is a pain but one we were prepared for to make sure she was healthy and taken care of. Come time for another x-ray 5 weeks later and there’s absolutely no callousing around the “fracture” like you would expect after so long. Vet isn’t sure what to make of it. I inform him original vet actually didn’t even see a fracture and that the radiologist was the one that said there was one. Lo and behold it was never fractured in the first place! Radiologist misinterpreted the x-ray and original vet was correct. Needless to say, I’m pissed. We’re now out $2000 and multiple days off of work for literally no reason. Is there anything we can do about this or are we just shit out of luck? I’m honestly more upset about how much this poor kitten has been through for over a month for literally no reason than anything.  If everything was done at the emergency clinic where the radiologist made a mistake, you can ask the manager or owner of the clinic for a refund of the cost of the unneeded medical treatment. If they refuse, you possibly could have a claim in small court (not sure about malpractice). But other then the reimbursement of treatment, you can't expect much more since your cat didn't suffer any life altering complication from this. 