  DV-CPO was granted for 5 years based on zero evidence, yet the next page contradicts and grants the CPO. Objection, appeal to objection, and declined review from Ohio Supreme Court. Is there anything possible to do, or just deal with the CPO for 5 years? You are reading it correctly but I think you may be missing the point. The items in (a) are all related to a family or household member, (b) basically states "all the stuff in (a), but apply it to non-married romantic relationships". So its stating no order under the first code section because you aren't related, but an order under the second because of your dating relationship. If your appeal options have already been exhausted then you're bound by the order for as long as it is in effect, regardless of how fair or unfair it may seem. You aren't reading it correctly. It says no testimony was presented to prove subsection (a) of that statute but there was testimony presented to find by a preponderance of the evidence that subsection (b) is the section that's applicable to grant the CPO.  The top page says "no testimony", yet the bottom page says "having weighed testimony and evidence". Are these interpreted as the same thing?  (A) As used in this section: (1) "Domestic violence" means any of the following: (a) The occurrence of one or more of the following acts against a family or household member: (i) Attempting to cause or recklessly causing bodily injury; (ii) Placing another person by the threat of force in fear of imminent serious physical harm or committing a violation of section 2903.211 or 2911.211 of the Revised Code; (iii) Committing any act with respect to a child that would result in the child being an abused child, as defined in section 2151.031 of the Revised Code; (iv) Committing a sexually oriented offense. (b) The occurrence of one or more of the acts identified in divisions (A)(1)(a)(i) to (iv) of this section against a person with whom the respondent is or was in a dating relationship. (b) only states relationship status. Am I reading this incorrectly? It clearly says they weighed the testimony and found it convincing by preponderance of the evidence. Testimony is evidence and it's the most common evidence there is.  The court found that there was no evidence to grant the CPO under 3113.31(A)(1)(a), but there was enough evidence to grant it under 3113.31(A)(1)(b). So the CPO was not granted without evidence, there was apparently evidence that you placed another person in fear of imminent harm by threat of force. Deal with the CPO, you've appealed and been denied. 