 My mom and her boyfriend were together for 15 years and lived in the house he owned. She is not on the deed anywhere, but he told her upon their separation that she could have the home under a Contract to Deed agreement. As time has passed, things have gotten childish and in short he’s verbally told her she has 30 days to get out. He’s not living here anymore and has already had a change of address with the post office. We’re in Kentucky. Do we have any rights to live in this home? If we don’t, does he have to file an eviction to get us out? Thanks, and if you need more details let me know.  Worth sending her to an attorney consult, but a couples counselor may be able to get something done and be more effective Contributions to the home, mortgage payments, etc. May assist her in having some leverage to an equity based claim. But at the end of the day, there’s not a whole lot of magic an attorney can do here. His promise to sell is a donative promise - those aren’t enforceable. However if she gave him something to secure the promise or in exchange for the house, could be promissory estoppel. An apology might work. Couples counselor might facilitate. But letting things go south before nailing down the deal? Hard to fix that. Kentucky does not recognize common-law marriage so unless he signs over the deed your mother has no rights to it. She is however a defacto tenant and must be treated as such. 30 days is generally the appropriate notice to vacate period... if you are still there after that time then he can file to evict your mother. Waiting on eviction is not a good idea... an eviction mark will make it extremely hard to get a place somewhere else. Then you guys need to move out. You don't want this to get to the point of an eviction action being filed, because that will make it difficult or impossible to rent any decent place in the future.  No, he wanted to wait and meet with a lawyer but has since backed out.  Did they actually go through with a contract for deed agreement on paper? Typically a formal eviction will be required to force you to move, but I would be wary of allowing that to get on your record. 