 Background: I have been living for a little under a year in a large house that was built in the 1950's. It has been modified over the years so as to have three separate living areas. My landlord lives upstairs. The bottom part of the house is divided in half by a wall where my neighbor lives on the other side. All three parts of the house are physically sectioned off in such a way that we have separate mailing addresses. Issue: Whenever I use my electric stove to cook up chicken or steak my landlord complains that he can smell it in his part of the house. My section is small so even with the fan running there is usually a little bit of smoke in my apartment from cooking. I try cooking with the doors open (it is winter time now), but now he it telling me I am not allowed to cook like this anymore. This is the only solution he has mentioned. It all seems so petty, but for the money I am paying I feel like this is a maintenance issue that he needs to address before asking me to change my culinary or dietary habits. This is a new issue (past 3 weeks) since I started a new job and I try to meal prep instead of eating out all the time liked I used to do. I have asked my neighbor and she has never noticed it. Can I break my lease and move somewhere else? What are my options here besides ordering take-out? Plan on moving out and finding a better living situation. Bizarre arrangements get bizarre results. I found out the hard way also.  Do you want to break your lease? He might accommodate that. You could try to find a new place over the next few months and it might be easier than finding one at the end of the lease. I'll move when the lease if over. I just wasn't sure if he could legally do anything if I continued with it for now.  If your lease does not expressly prevent you from cooking or creating abnormal smell, then you haven't violated your lease and the landlord can't do anything about it.  Does it say in your contract that you're not allowed to cook certain foods? I believe that being allowed to cook is something to be expected in an apartment with an electric stove. Legally your landlord can decline to renew the lease in the future as well as be an asshole in the present. If you both agree on terms, you can also break the lease early. Imho that's your best solution if the landlord isn't going to budge, because while you're probably allowed to cook in your apartment, it might not be your apartment in the future if the landlord really doesn't like your cooking.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.