 Long story, going through divorce and the ex has had plenty of opportunities to have his kids and decided not to because he was "healing" (I left him). This lasted for about 5 months. He did not help me with anything other than paying sons tuition for preschool and paying his half of the bills in both our names. Maybe 2 or 3 times gave me support money but that was it. He did not show up to our provisional hearing so as of right now I have temporary custody of my kids until our divorce is finalized and we come to a parenting time agreement. We have been doing every other weekend with him having his kids two times a week after school for a few hours. I have had him sign the child support worksheet which was figured with him having the kids 52 to 56 nights a year. He is now living with his girlfriend ( of about 5 months) in a 2 bedroom apartment and her two kids and is threatening to go to court for 50/50 custody (I believe is is trying to avoid paying support now) even though he has no room for them and lives in a different county than me. I am trying to figure out if he even has a leg to stand on. He is a very emotionally unstable man with boarderline personality disorder, PTSD, is not in any counseling nor taking medication. to help himself. The last two time he has had my kids he did not bathe my daughter and did my son because he had pooped himself ( he has had issue with pooping do due his fathers verbal abuse during potty training). I do not just trust his girlfriend's sense of responsibility with children from the complaints I have heard from my ex his self with her kids. I do not like the situation and am trying to keep the parenting time as it is and am not sure it is even possible. Do I have a chance?  It depends on the state. Many states have moved towards equal parenting time being in the "best interests of the children" even though that isn't always the case. Unless one parent has issues that really endanger the child then he might be able to get equal custody. You really should get an attorney if you don't have one. Divorces with custody issues can be a real shit show if you aren't careful.  I'd say the odds are quite in your favor, you may wish to screenshot future texts between you in case any of it has relevance  That is a good idea actually with the counseling. Thank you! Then tell him no. He can ask the court for equal time, but considering he didnt show to the temporary hearing and the kids are already established with the current schedule, that weighs against him. If your kids have issues with their father emotionally, consider family counseling. Not just because it could help thekids, but it could end up helping your custody case, too, if the counselor agrees with you about the kids being with you most of the time.  In my opinion they are doing great with it. He decided he wants them more because or hurts not to have them or something so now he's wanting to have them every other week. I feel that would not work well with our children nor their schooling.  To be clear, you mean a chance of keeping the schedule for the kids as it is now? If the kids are doing well with the schedule, you have a good chance.