 I got a red light ticket driving home late on a Friday evening a few weeks ago. I was in the left turn lane but realized I needed to go straight for one more intersection. When the left turn arrow turned green, I checked my blind spot, turned on my blinker, and merged into the lane next to me to go straight. I thought the light had turned green for that lane at the same time as the green arrow, so I drove through the intersection and continued on my merry way. I genuinely thought the light had turned green, but it may have been my brain glitching since the turning arrow had turned green when I was in the turning lane. I'm not sure if it matters, but there was no one else at the intersection. Apparently a cop saw this. She pulled me over and asked if I had been drinking. I told her no, she gave me a DUI test, and I passed. She told me she smelled alcohol on my breath and asked again if I had been drinking. I told her I had had a drink with dinner but that had been a while ago and I certainly was not drunk. She informed me I had passed the DUI test and she wasn't going to charge me, but asked if I would take a breathalyzer "just so that I can know". I told her that wouldn't be necessary since I wasn't drunk, she issued me a ticket for running a red light (nothing about a DUI), and that was it. The ticket says I have to go in to court. This is the first time anything like this has EVER happened to me, so I have some questions... 1. What the heck do I do here? Should I go to court by myself or try to find a lawyer? What's going to happen when I get to court? 2. Is it even worth pleading not guilty? I genuinely thought the light had turned green, but I don't actually know. 3. I've heard charges can be dropped or lessened if the cop doesn't show up. What happens if the cop doesn't show up? What happens if she does? 4. Is there a chance the fact that the cop accused me of drinking and driving will come up? Could this possibly be used against me or result in other charges even though I passed the DUI test? 5. Even though I wasn't charged, is it possible that the fact that she performed a DUI test come up on my records, say, during a background check for a job? Thanks guys. I'm normally a goody two shoes so dealing with this has been really stressful for me. Any help or advice you can offer is GREATLY appreciated.  ? Should I go to court by myself or try to find a lawyer? What's going to happen when I get to court? Lots of lawyers have traffic tickets as a significant part of their practice. You weren't charged with DUI. It's unlikely that the cop who gave you the ticket even remembers issuing the ticket. But, FWIW, telling the cop you had been drinking was INCREDIBLY STUPID, and you just lucked out this time. 't charged, is it possible that the fact that she performed a DUI test come up on my records, say, during a background check for a job? It would not come up, and even if it did, "/u/throwdown7890 was not drunk" doesn't seem particularly damning. 