 Hey Reddit, long time lurker but first time poster. My fiancee went to a popular big box store to buy my niece a birthday gift. My niece asked for an "LOL Surprise" toy. It's a mystery toy in a small ball that you unbox, kind of like a random loot crate in a video game. The store had a multi-pack box, not an unreasonable size, in what looked like retail packaging. She went through the self checkout but there was no barcode on the box so she scanned one of the individual balls. It rang up for $12. She thought it was cheap but maybe it was on sale, we don't have kids so are kind of out of the loop with toys. Anyway, when she got home and showed me I was curious how it could be so cheap. I counted the balls and it's an 18 pack. I googled it and Amazon sells the same pack for $300 to $400. Shit. It must be the wholesale box that the store gets it in but they didn't unpack it properly. My question for you guys is this: how much trouble could we be in here? We want to return it but we're nervous about possibly getting arrested if we go back. What is our best course of action here? OH! Sorry i thought he said the case of 18 or so retails for 300-400.   's the price that came up. That's what you are supposed to do at self-checkout. She didn't intend to defraud the store It sounds like the product wouldn’t scan as there was no barcode on the box, so they opened the box and scanned one of the items inside. She didn’t scan the other 17 items in the box. Not quite as honest a mistake as you make it sound to be.  Practically speaking, I would just do nothing. The store mis-packaged the item. She scanned the large thing in her hands and that's the price that came up. That's what you are supposed to do at self-checkout. She didn't intend to defraud the store. It's really unlikely to become a problem unless you go back to the store and buy the rest of them in the same manner or do anything else to make the store think you are purposely stealing from them. The worst-case scenarios of getting arrested for returning them or the store tracking her down from credit card info are technically possible. However, that's probably not how the store is going to chose to use it's resources. If this is really bothering you, sure, go talk to a lawyer. That's technically the correct way to contact the store regarding returning the item. But that seems like quite an over-reaction. I think calling the store and admitting to accidental shoplifting is a bad idea. Attorney. Do not contact store prior to speaking to one. Consider the facts: An item was grabbed that was not intended for retail sale. It would not scan. At self service checkout, when it would not scan, the person scanned only one of the items. If you call the store, then you will be admitting that u have unpaid merchandise totaling about $200. The manager could easily ask you to come back and call the police to meet you there. And then arrest u for shoplifting. Sounds harsh, but store and police take a cynical view towards shoplifting. Which means fixing even a good faith mistake (marginal, at best, in this case) for less value has risk. You could try to call the store, talk to the manager and explain what happened and see if the manager wants you to come back to return the ones in the pack you didn’t pay for or if he considers it water under the bridge.  $10 difference? He said he paid $12 for something that would sell for $300-$400.  Why are you returning it? It was an honest mistake and like $10 difference? That’s the usually limit for the retail practices price display (if it rings up for $30 bur was advertised for $15, they will give you up to $10 off).  Don’t the self checkouts still have employees in case customers have is problem? Return the toy to the store.