 I'm going to do my best to keep this concise, so I'm going to just bullet point everything in chronological order and add additional detail where necessary. this story centers around "the incident" but there was some important lead up to that which will also be below. All names have been changed. General information: I live on a farm with chickens, two geese and two farm dogs (Rose and Shadow). Across from us lives an old man (Mr. Farmer) who owns a cattle farm and two farm dogs (Dingo and Blondie). I live in an area with no leash laws Other people of importance: Mr Farmer's Daughter, "Sarah" and her dog "Riley", my boyfriend "Ted", my mom "Kate" and my brother "Zach", and the animal control officer "Richard" timeline: Shadow was chasing Mr Farmer's dogs off of our property regularly and in doing so were ending up on Mr Farmer's property Mr Farmer, with approval from the animal control officer (Richard), told us that if he saw Shadow on his property again, he would shoot her. My brother Zach (Shadow's owner) began keeping Shadow inside when he wasn't home and taking her out either only when he went outside or heard the chickens squawking (he would just open the door, let shadow chase off whatever was scaring the chickens, and then would call her back inside). Mr Farmer's dogs began visiting our property more often (because Shadow was unable to scare them off when Zach was at school or work) and Mr Farmer's dogs began killing off chickens. A few days before "the incident" one of his dogs bit the leg of one of the geese that Zach owns. The geese's main purpose is to protect the chickens, which is likely how the goose got hurt. the next day I pulled up to the house and had to chase off Mr Farmer's dogs who were behind the chicken coop again on our property. Q: why didn't you just call animal control when you started losing chickens? A: a few months ago my boyfriend Ted was running on my road. He ran passed Mr Farmer's Daughter's (Sarah) house and her dog (Riley) ran towards Ted. Ted stopped running, yelled at the dog to scare it. When this proved unsuccessful, and the dog was close to him, Ted began screaming for help and turned to run away. The dog bit Ted's leg, luckily Ted was able to get up a tree and scream for help. Mr Farmer heard this, came outside and called the dog over. Eventually, mr farmer got the dog under control and Ted was able to get down. Mr Farmer blamed Ted saying "you're not supposed to run from a dog or show them fear, that's your own fault." When Ted got home we called animal control to alert them of the situation. Richard (same officer from above) told us we had two options: "you can press charges and have the dog killed or you can let it go and stop running on that road." Ted felt uncomfortable that if he pressed charges the dog would be killed and asked if instead they could enforce a leash or fenced area for the dog. Richard got angry and said "how the hell do you expect me to enforce that?" and so Ted ended up not pressing charges but asked them to do a verification that the dog had had his shots. Later that day we did go see Sarah and let her know what happened and that we weren't pressing charges and wanted to do the neighborly thing to confront her about the situation. We also wanted to make sure we weren't falsely represented by Richard, who was rude and unprofessional. Because of this situation, we didn't feel comfortable going to animal control about the chicken situation and were working to create penned in areas for the chickens as summer was approaching and began limiting their time outside until these can be installed. "The Incident" a week ago we got a call from animal control officer Richard reporting that Mr Farmer and his co-worker witnessed Shadow and Rose attacking his dog, Dingo. Dingo ended up in the vets office (I haven't seen pictures and don't know the extent of the injuries, the bill ended up being right under $300) From Zach's perspective: Zach heard the chickens squawking and let Shadow out of the house to chase off whatever was there. Zach watched Shadow chase Mr Farmer's dogs off the property and towards Mr Farmer's property. at some point between our property and Mr Farmer's property the 3 dogs (Shadow chasing Dingo and Blondie) crossed paths with Rose, who must have been walking on the back of our property doing idk dog shit. Shadow and Rose chased off Mr Farmer's dogs onto his property. Now from Mr Farmer's perspective, HE CLAIMS he sees Rose and Shadow on his property chasing after his dogs. Then something happened (not sure what) that provoked Rose to more than chase Dingo, and Rose started beating up Dingo. Dingo is a small terrior like dog, Rose is a larger lab/collie mix. So if it was Rose, Rose definitely would have had the upper hand size-wise. I don't have any other details other than Rose and Shadow eventually left and came back to the farm and we didn't know anything had happened until the next day when we heard from Animal Control Officer Richard. What bothers me about this part of the story is I'm still not entirely convinced that our dogs beat up Dingo. 1. when we reported the dog bite incident I described above an officer went to the home that day and contacted the residents of the home immediately. However, for this incident we didn't hear until the following day? 2. our dogs had absolutely no markings on them. No cuts or scrapes, no blood on them, nothing to indicate that they had been in any kind of altercation 3. the only witness to the attack was mr farmer and a "coworker" (most likely his son who also works on the farm). 4. Mr Farmer's Daughter Sarah owns a KNOWN aggressive dog that has (on more than one account) bitten and been aggressive to humans and dogs. I think it's possible that Sarah's dog Riley attacked Mr Farmer's dog, and our dogs are being blamed. 5. Rose can be territorial, but she's all bark. She has never hurt another dog or human before. But she can be aggressive when need be i.e. when chasing dogs off of our property. But Shadow lives in a house with two cats and as far as alpha/beta, the cats rank above her in the house. She makes a great farm dog because she chases off skunks and weasels, but has never shown aggression to animals other than barking. When meeting a new human she rolls on her back for belly rubs immediately. She never barks unless chasing off a predator. tbh it was hard to train her as a farm dog bc she is friendly. I am going to continue the timeline of events speaking on the assumption that our dogs DID attack Mr Farmer's dogs. Picking up from where I left off, the next day when animal control officer Richard contacted us: Richard told us that our dogs had been identified as the perpetrators of the attack. My mom, Kate, lives in a separate house (our direct side neighbor) and is the declared owner of Rose. Richard told Kate that she had two options for Rose: 1. re-home Rose to a new city (originally he said new state, and then Kate asked if a different city within our state was an option to which he approved) with leash laws where she would be required to be on a leash and muzzled whenever she left the home or 2. to euthanize Rose. Both options included her paying for the vet bill of Mr Farmer's dog. Richard approached Zach with a different offer. 1. make Shadow a house dog and she must be restrained on a leash outside or 2. rehome Shadow to a new home outside of the neighborhood. Again, both options included paying for the vet bill. In the meantime, both my mom and Zach were told to keep their dogs in the house and when they were let out they were to be on a leash at all times. Mr Farmer was NOT given these same guidelines, as we've seen his dogs running around on his property. After proposing these options, Richard visited both my mom's house and Zach's house unannounced MULTIPLE times. When he came to visit, he wore his pistol on his side, walked with his hand ready to draw it, and in his other hand help a large can of mace. (when he knocked on the door Shadow walked to the door with Zach and Shadow quickly dropped to her back and exposed her belly for rubs when she saw a new person.... again, beta dog..) Now, a week later as my mom and brother have declined both options, Richard has said "I am taking you to court." Not Mr Farmer, but Richard is taking us to court. (this was last night). This morning both Mr Farmer's dogs were spotted on our property. Through this entire process Richard has acted on Mr Farmer's behalf as his attorney. Not once has he come to investigate the damage done to our goose even after we brought that and the loss of chickens up (the number of lost chickens is currently at 20). Not once has he asked us what had happened or what we had witnessed. Not once has he asked Mr Farmer to keep his dogs contained EVEN WITH OUR LOSS OF CHICKENS and now us having no guard dog. Richard through this entire process AND through the report of the dog bite incident a few months ago has been on Mr Farmer's side. The bottom line is Richard's job is to ensure the safety of the animals and people in the neighborhoods within our county. Yet he has been playing sides and only looking out for Mr Farmer. Multiple visits have been made to our home unannounced for nothing more than to scare us out of going to court and to comply with Mr Farmer's wishes which is for us to get rid of our dogs. Mr Farmer's inability to keep his dogs off of our property is what has lead up to this incident. We have farm dogs to protect our chickens from predators and his dogs have been just that to our chickens. So our dogs were doing their job. I do feel awful for the fact his dog was beaten up, and I'm thankful that it's making a healthy recovery. But I have watched his dogs come over to our property to pee on it and mark their territory only to be barked at and chased off by Shadow FOR MONTHS. I'm not trying to victim blame, but our dogs didn't attack Mr Farmer's dog without being provoked. The definition of a dangerous animal is an animal that attacks another animal/or human UNPROVOKED. Months and months of these dogs coming on our property and then later killing our chickens... our dogs were setting boundaries (if in fact they did beat up mr farmer's dog). What can we do? We have a court date being issued to us and we want to be as prepared as possible. Any advice at all would be helpful. Please do not leave hateful comments, our family has been through enough. Again, I recognize that if in fact our dogs are guilty, I don't believe that they should be euthanized or rehomed, and I think that it's unfair to pin the blame entirely on our dogs. Again, not victim blaming Mr Farmer's dogs, they're just dogs. But I am blaming Mr Farmer for not working to contain his dogs (and instead threatening to shoot ours).  Could your at least build it around your house, main yard, and the chicken coops? Someone suggested an electric fence and so I think we’re going to look into a satellite electric fence for our dogs that way our dogs can chase off his dogs without our dogs ending up on his property. Unfortunately we aren’t able to build a physics fence as we live on 100 acres. Not that all of that is being used for farm land right now, but financially it’s not an option to build a fence that we would have to tear down and build up as we expand out.  This is a good point, so far we’ve been documenting on camera and with our phones recording system to pin the day and time (just as back up and for our own records) and then we’ve called Richard and reported it to him. My friend made the suggestion last night that every time his dogs come on our property, as long as they don’t seem dangerous to humans, to leash them and tie them to a tree and then call animal control to pick them up, which would force mr farmer to have to drive to the pound to pick them up every time it happens.  Yeah I think the worst part is we don’t have a the heart to shoot his dogs, but he has threatened to shoot our and is now gunning to get them euthanized. We did have an underground electric fence for our dogs years ago which worked okay except that when there was a line break you’d have to dig up the wire and follow it until you found thebbreak. So we live on a 100 acre farm, which makes that a difficult process. I did do some research and just found electric fences that are satellite, so that might be something we try out!  How are you making the reports? Are you calling Richard directly with them? If so is there a another way to file the reports that you could use to get the attention of his boss? I get no one likes the idea of hurting/putting down a dog down, but I also live on a farm and have had almost this exact same situation happen. In most states it's legal to shoot a dog if it comes after/attacks your livestock. You may not have the heart to kill his dog, but clearly he has no issue wanting yours euthanized. Have you considered installing underground electric fences for your dogs? That way they have their boundaries and won't go onto the neighbors farm, which will also prove they can't chase his dogs onto his property. Can you build a fence around your property, or at least the relevant parts? Unless you are willing to shoot his dogs on your property I'm not sure what legal recourse you have in this situation. A fence to prevent both sets of dogs from crossing the property line seems like the best solution. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either an incorrect statement or conclusion of law, inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an unlawful act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Start making noise. You need to go to the county commissioners and request that they fund another animal control officer for the area. Richard isn't able to keep up with the demands of his job and you are losing livestock as a result. If you go to a public meeting and bring friends it's a more powerful statement. Important: Do not blame Richard. Say he is doing his best, but he just doesn't have enough time and they need another officer. The County Commissioners will figure out pretty quickly what's really happening. They won't want to fund another position, but they need to get you off their backs. Which is how you get Richard off your back. Just keep your dog inside unless it’s on a leash on a walk with you. The only thing you can do unless you want it to be shot :/ Get the chickens a better coop so they can’t be eaten. Throw in another variable. Something's been killing your chickens. Maybe it's a coyote. Maybe that coyote got the Farmer dogs too. You're thinking of setting a trap for that coyote. If he wants to refute this and blame your dogs, he has to take the position that he knows there is no coyote killing your chickens. Lead him down that path . . . We just don’t have the heart to :( plus if we kill his dogs and then he kills ours, everyone loses  Q. Why don’t you shoot Mr Farmers dogs when they come after your chickens ? This is 100% the right move. I would also start keeping a log of anytime you see the neighbors dogs on your property, and taking pictures\cell phone video as possible.  It’s a very small county I honestly wouldn’t be surprised  i think either there friends or he paid him off That’s really good to know that the officer can’t take us to court! I think it’s strange that the officer is being buddy with mr farmer, I’ll do more research on who can take us to court and under what laws.  We did order cameras! We are setting them up as soon as they get here.  the animal controll officer cant take you to court inless hes the owner thats bs there scaring you this sounds like bs ingore them shoot dogs if they come on your property dont release ur dog scream they say shoot this sounds like bs also sorry for grammer i suck. on a phone Trail cams for the chicken. Get undeniable proof that the dogs are infact stealing chickens.  So that' one thing, I don't know if threatening Mr Farmer will do anything because Richard has said that RICHARD as an animal control officer is taking us to court, so not mr farmer but the actual animal control officer. Either way, the statute of limitations on dog bites is 2 or 3 years. If we go to court we will be pressing charges for the dog bite. I'm scared that our side of the story won't matter in court because Richard hasn't cared about it. And the only witnesses of his dogs behavior is our family. I hope that sticks up in court. :( u tell him if you press charges so will you and threaten he takes you to court you do to and hide ur dogs animal controll cant search ur housr inless you let them in dont forget tell them the dogs were on your property tell them about the chickens everything every thing his dogs do reguraly make sure they hear he press chare tour gonna win