 My daughter was hired as a seasonal employee by Kohl’s. On her first day she was asked to sign a dozen documents and then immediately assigned to a cash register. She was told that she would be eligible for a 35% discount on purchases made that day because it was the last day of this special associate discount. On her break she texted and told me that she is eligible for this discount so my wife and I came to the store to shop. We waited in line until her register opened and she rang up our purchases and applied the discount. Two weeks later she was brought into the back office and terminated for violating their employee integrity policy. Apparently the discount can only be taken by the employee or the employee’s spouse. This was stated in one of the documents that she was asked to sign. This happened yesterday. This morning I went to the store with my receipt and told the manager to recalculate the entire purchase at full retail value and charge my credit card for what I owe. My question is as follows: Clearly my daughter made a mistake because she was not told the specifics of the employee discount program. Furthermore, she wasn’t given the time to read through the dozen documents they made her sign before rushing her to the cash registers to start working. Would this be considered wrongful termination? Can we sue for the discount they implied? At the very least, can we get them to change their hiring policy so that documents are provided further in advance for appropriate review? She should take that as a lesson to read documents before she sign them. "Being rushed" isn't an excuse. Also, she was most likely at will employee so they can fire her for following or not following the rules if they like. And no you can't force a business to change their policy to offer customers 35% discount “Wrongful termination” is a legal term of art that doesn’t mean what you think it means. Thank you. I worked for Kohl's. She was terminated because she rang you out, gave you her discount and was running the register while doing both. She cannot ring out purchases for immediate family members, nor can she apply her discount to a purchase she is cashing out on the register she is using. You're attributing too much to this paper. Even if she hadn't signed it, or even if it said she could give this discount to others, she could still have been fired. It's not wrongful termination when she abused the employee discount. It's incredibly rare for employee perks to extend to family /friends. 0 case, 0 recourse, not able to sue.  No, it isn't wrongful termination, and you can't force them to change their policies.  By signing it, she indicated that she had read and understood the document. That she felt rushed is, legally speaking, her problem - she was free to refuse, or to ask for more time, and chose not to do so. As others have pointed out, in an at-will jurisdiction, even complying perfectly with the rules of her discount wouldn't necessarily have protected her job, but this is something she'll want to remember in the future. If she signs something, it means she agrees that she understood it. The document stated that it can only be taken by the employee or their spouse. But she wasn’t given an opportunity to review the documents nor was she provided a verbal explanation of the documents that she was made to sign. [removed] You say: But you also say: Which is it? Was she informed, or not? You aren't getting the top brass of Kohl's on the phone about this. I’m very sorry this happened, although one thing your daughter must learn...read things before she signs them. No matter what, if she’s ever asked to sign documents, she needs to take her time.  This is a huge bummer, but your daughter signed the docs. She should have read every small print before signing or requested to take the documents home to review thoroughly. Your daughter can certainly send a letter to HR about the situation, but I don't know if it would change anything. Hindsight is 20/20. She was almost certainly an at-will employee. If so, she could be fired for almost anything, including that her manager was having a bad day and wanted to. It is highly unlikely that your state would prohibit this firing. It is even more unlikely that a lawsuit would make financial sense for a firing from a temporary retail position. The answer is no.  That's not even in the same universe as a wrongful termination. You can but you won't win. You paid the difference under the mistaken belief it would protect her job. No