 I moved from my apartment approximately 4 months ago. While I upheld my end of the lease, the parting was not amicable due to an issue of poor management and sexual harassment on the company's end. This may contribute to the way the company handled this, I'm uncertain. I lived there with a roommate and we remained so to our next place, thus when a certified letter was sent in her name I was able to see the contents as well. It was the bill, of course, along with some pictures of the damage. It came ONLY in my roommate's name. We were both on the lease at the old apartment, 50/50. I wasn't mentioned in the letter anywhere. The bill was just shy of $300. Well, she wasn't all that interested in handling it and due to a few issues (mostly her owing me a couple thousand dollars) I shrugged and set it aside. It wasn't in my name and, while petty, it saved me some sanity. There was also NO WAY I was going to contact the office and speak to anyone there. It was a burned bridge, unfortunately. I'm uncertain if more notices were sent or not. I only saw the contents of this one because we knew what it was and she shared it. My roommate hasn't said anything about further collection notices but she also doesn't open her mail. If anything has come it would have had to come in her name. Today I get a collection letter in the mail for the full amount. BUT it looks like the same letter was sent to my roommate as well. I'm only assuming that it's for the full amount as wel. Both notices came on the same day from the same debt collection agency. I'm not sure if I was purposefully excluded as an addressee on the bill so that this would happen (hence mentioning the animosity) or if it was only an oversight. I'm also uncertain if I am held liable for this as far as my credit is concerned. Can I dispute this collection? Should I call them out on attempting to collect the amount twice over? I know it's a discussion to have with the roomie but right now I'm not sure how to handle the credit ding. No, it should not.  But, since they haven't officially notified me, wouldn't that technically reset my 'timer' for sending payment? I thought that you had to have a set number of notices from the company charging you before it went to collections. Warnings and the like? If the charge from the old landlord is $300, then that’s all they can collect (plus interest potentially). They don’t get to collect the full amount from both of you so it would really benefit you to coordinate with your roommate here to make sure you’re not overpaying.  No deposit. What about the issue of them trying to get the same debt from us both? They debt collector sent a bill of $300 to me and to the roommate. I. E. They'd make $600 I assume there is no security deposit involved here? If so, then you are clearly responsible for the debt. If you want to dispute the amount then you should pay the part you don’t dispute. You can also see if they are willing to negotiate the amount up front. It will help if you have photos of the condition of the unit at move out.  If you want to challenge the damages or the amount being collected, that's another matter. The fact that your name was not on the collection letter in no way relieves you, as a lessee, from financial responsibility for the damages, whatever the amount might be.  Yes, my landlord had my new address. I have the receipt from the cleaners to argue for any issues of cleanliness. However, as proof of needing 'extensively cleaning' they used a picture of the freezer which had some frozen stains within it. Nothing foul, rotting, etc... but the sort of thing you'd have to defrost your freezer for which we did not do. The other thing was garbage removal which is true, it was there and while it was my roommate's I was expecting the hit for that. In short, there were some issues we were expecting to have to pay for. However, I didn't take my chance to dispute them with the office when the bill was first received (at least the freezer issue) because the bill wasn't in my name.  Did you give your old landlord your new address when you moved out? If not, that would explain why the letter was not addressed to you. Do you have a basis to dispute that you or your roommate damaged the apartment? If you were both on the original lease then you were both responsible for the damages.  If you signed the lease you can be held responsible. That they originally tried to bill one person on the lease and not you is immeaterial. You can contact this and ask them to validate/verify the debt; this will force them to show that someone sold them this debt rather than they invented it. They may have just mail-bombed the whole housing someone would bite and start paying it.