 I need as many perspectives on my situation as I can possibly get. Forgive me for being vague, it’s to protect all parties involved. I had a romantic encounter with a c-level exec of my company. The exec was not aware I worked at the company. I immediately made this known upon us meeting and nothing physical happened. I have screenshots of the conversation and pictures sent as proof. I have been terminated and the company cited behavioral reasons but gave no examples or warnings. If I go forward with a lawsuit against the exec, the company will know about the indiscretion and the exec is married with children. Is it possible for them to settle quietly or will this be a huge ordeal and get out of control? Do I need to worry about the exec seeking revenge against me? Thank you all! Thank you for your reply! Thank you for your reply! Thank you for your reply! Sounds more like blackmail on your part than a legitimate wrongful termination case  The fuck? Get out.  Jesus Christ. Stop talking. You don’t know the law. This is your only warning.  Hahahahahahahaha...wait, you're serious? Which OP has to affirmatively prove. The burden of proof for that is on OP, and all OP has right now is some facts that look bad.   Wrong. Removed.  That surprises me because Wisconsin is an at will employment state, which means an employer may fire an employee “for good cause, for no cause, or even for cause morally wrong, without (the employer) being thereby guilty of legal wrong.” Brockmeyer v. Dun Bradstreet, 113 Wis.2d 561, 567 (WI SC 1983). Is it possible you are mistaken?   Do you not understand what "at will employment" is? You seriously have no idea what you're talking about. +1 To be wrongfully terminated is to be fired for an illegal reason, which may involve violation of federal anti-discrimination laws or a contractual breach. For instance, an employee cannot be fired on the basis of her race, gender, ethnic background, religion, or disability. It is also illegal to fire an employee because they lodged a legal complaint against the employer, or because the employee brought the employer’s wrongdoing to light as a whistleblower. Such adverse actions are considered "retaliation" and are unlawful. None of this happened. If OP is in the US she cannot sue for wrongful termination. Her best bet is to reach out the exec directly and request for a glowing recommendation. If she tries to leverage the evidence she has on him, the exec could potentially use the threat to his legal disadvantage. None of those things. I did not have a contract nor did I work with a union, yet I was fired without reason from a job I held for 4 years. I won the case and moved on. The state was WI. To prove wrongful termination, you have to prove you were fired as a result of your interaction with the exec. You can't just win by saying "We had a romantic encounter, and then I was fired", especially if a different person in the company was responsible for the termination (moreso if they aren't directly under the exec). In short, currently, all you have is something that looks fishy. That said, you should contact an employment lawyer. The demand for discovery might shake something loose, cause a panic, or make them pay you to GTFO (except in CA, where they can't enforce a gag provision in return for a settlement anymore). But it's also possible that there's nothing here. Wrong. Has to be a reason if the employee is beyond the 90 day probationary period. Did you perhaps have a contract that said you could only be fired for cause? Were you in a union? Those facts would be very important because in most states you can be fired for any reason that isn't illegal under some statute that specifically says you cannot be fired for a specific reason (like race or gender or talking about pay). You don't have anything to sue for. Firing someone for "behavioral reasons" without any previous write ups is perfectly legal and happens every day. They have no reason to settle anything because you have no case.  I won't quit until you either stop replying or give some proof that I'm wrong. 😎 You have a poor grasp on the basics of employment law in America She could be fired because the sky is blue. No warnings and no explanation are irrelevant.  You don't understand how any of this works. Just stop. Prove me wrong You have no idea what you're talking about and really should not be commenting in this sub.  No duh Yes it is. The encounter happened outside of work, so it became a personal vendetta to fire OP. I won a wrongful termination case 7 years ago that's very similar and I wasn't in Montana so, sorry to tell you, this is an example of wrongful termination. UNLESS....OP has been working less than 90 days (probationary period). "Wrongful termination" has an actual meaning, legally, and it isn't "I think this was the wrong thing to do".  I'm not the one who doesn't get it. This is not wrongful termination in the United States, outside of maybe Montana.  You don't get it and it seems I can't explain it to you.  LOL, what? Assuming OP is in the US, why do you think that? This person was if no warnings were given and no explanation served. Seems the exec pulled the plug to cover his cheating lifestyle. That would require, you know, wrongful termination. Obviously wrongful termination What would you sue for?