 Got a weird one for you guys. My stepdad got injured at work a few weeks ago when he fell off a ladder that broke. His boss basically told him to go home and he’d take care of him without reporting it. And now the boss has turned hard ass and is punishing my stepdad and trying to make him quit. Or so we think. My stepdad theories that it’s because he’s worried that my stepdad will report his injury himself so the boss wants him gone to not have to deal with it. I’m wondering now though, what are the consequences the boss would face for not officially reporting this on the job accident?  If he's being docked pay illegally, he can file with the Department of Labor: What's so fucked up about Florida law is that when an employer in Florida fails to pay an employee wages he's earned, that employee has a right to those unpaid wages under both state and federal law. However, Florida's Department of Labor does not enforce the state law. All you can do is file a lawsuit. Florida is a great place to retire, but a terrible place to work. Laws exist that are not enforced, and short-term benefits are almost non-existent. Don't hesitate to ask on behalf of your stepdad should you have any more questions, but at this point, my true advice is a Florida Worker's Comp attorney. Best of luck, brother. Thank you so so much for your advice. Seriously this is going to finally give my family peace of mind and now will help him know what he has to do. We’re now 100% sure he’s trying to get him to quit. He made up some bullshit reason for taking off $200 of his pay despite the fact he’s supposed to be salaried and they had an agreement about the pay ages ago. He’s (the boss) is being a real prick to him now all of a sudden and it’s all right after my pops fell off the ladder. Thanks again. I’m gonna show him what you said first thing tomorrow morning and see about finding us a lawyer.  If you don't report him, not much, if anything at all. Your stepdad needs to dial the Florida Hotline for Worker's Compensation. Here is a link to the Florida State Issued Worker's Comp guide. Worker's Comp Hotline 1-800-342-1741 His boss was supposed to report the injury within 30 days. For your step-dad's information, I believe he has 1 year from the date of knowledge that he can sue for Worker's Comp, but double check to make sure. I believe your stepdad is accurately interpreting the situation: his boss is worried he'll report the injury, and his boss wants him to quit so he doesn't have to deal with either worker's comp or unemployment. Reality check: Your step-dad will soon be out of a job. It's about to rain, and he needs to bring a fucking umbrella. - He needs to call the hotline to report his employer. It could be that he does not even have worker's comp insurance, which frankly would just suck. - He needs to get a lawyer and file suit, like now. Florida is a tough state to get hurt in. The state provides no short term disability benefits, so money may get tight. Don't wait until you are impoverished to get started. - If he does get fired, a possible short-term solution is to file for unemployment; though I know from experience unemployment acceptance rates are low, and the process is a pain in the ass. Don't allow blue collar pride or the mysterious power of a handshake to prevent your stepdad from protecting himself. That's what the law is for. Should he not fix himself, his next job will be more difficult to obtain. Who would want to hire someone to do manual labor who has a permanent disability?