 Hi There, I'm a first-time home buyer. It's also the first time I'm buying furniture in my life. I want a sofa-bed for my condo. I feel it will make best use of space when my friends come over and crash. I'm picky and want it in a particular colour. I have a design in mind for my new, first home and I want it to look a certain way when I walk in. That would make me happy. :) I found a good sofa-bed in a furniture store near where i live. The sofa-bed was not the colour i liked. It was much darker. I wanted something lighter. The sales rep said that it was available in a lighter colour. But was not on the floor at this time. I was shown the following pics (not from this site that i am linking, but it looked like this in their system): [Zeb Couch](http://www.ashleyhomestoreselect.ca/en/catalog/product/343114-Signature%20Design-Zeb-3590236#343114_product_1) I agreed to purchase it. I asked for a queen-size. I wasn't shown pictures of the exact queen couch though. Just what was shown above. I put down a 30% deposit. The sales rep said there would be a 30% re-stocking fee if I cancel. I liked it so i thought it should be fine. I later went online and checked my bed that i ordered again and found it looks like this: [Zeb Queen Couch](http://www.ashleyhomestoreselect.ca/en/catalog/product/343120-Signature%20Design-Zeb-3590239#343120_product_1) If you open it in two different tabs/windows you can see the couch looks different. They are two different SKU codes and even though the same style the pics look really different to me. To me the queen couch looks more rough and lighter. It is not what i want. I went back and asked about it and the sales rep did say it looks different. The sales rep then showed me the fabric swatch ( i didn't know about this - first time buyer). And it looks more like the second picture. I.e. it looks lighter and more rougher. I told her that I am concerned that I will get something I don't want. She said she would talk to her manager about it. They emailed me back the next day saying that the manager agrees that it does look different but the 30% re-stocking fee still applies if i cancel. The couch is \~$1000. So I pay \~$350 for the re-stocking fee. And I get nothing for that - no apology, no attempt to fix it. No attempt to give me a choice or change. It's a lot of money. I feel they showed me a different picture and i will be getting something else. Can I file a Consumer complaint report in Ontario? Will there be any chance of winning and getting my money back ($350)? Or would it be better to go to small claims court? Please help. Need advice here. Stressed, young and with no help from anyone in this furniture buying process. I can't tell you how likely you would be to win. That would be legal advice. You can file a consumer complaint but I don't think a lot of them go anywhere.  Thanks for the reply Kwienz! Interesting to know about the procedure of the Small Claims Court. I never knew that I would have to pay them for their court costs. Do you feel I have a good chance of winning in this situation? Also, what are your thoughts on Consumer Complaints Ontario? I believe the costs for filing a complaint with them is $0. Will that lead to me getting my money back? It is possible that showing you the other picture without telling you that the couch was a different design and fabric constitutes misrepresentation, which is an unfair practice under the Consumer Protection Act. If you feel that this is the case, you should give the manager a letter saying that you are rescinding your purchase agreement because the store engaged in an unfair practice, and you would like your deposit back. You can tell them that if they do not refund your deposit, you will go to Small Claims Court and they will have to pay your court costs on top of the deposit. Make sure to keep a copy of the letter. If they do not refund your fee, then you can sue them in Small Claims Court. If you win, then they will have to pay you the money and your court expenses. But if you lose, you will have to pay their expenses (like filing fees etc) and up to 15% of your claim for their lawyer fees. Also, keep in mind that suing them in small claims court will take up a half day for the settlement conference and another half day for the trial (though if you win, you can get up to $500 for your lost time in going to trial).