 Hi all. I am curious if there is anything specific to Indiana about auto insurance cancellation.i recommend to my brother my old State Farm agent because I never had any issues. My brother is 19 and on his own so he wanted to see if he could get a lower rate. He couldn't but they could match it. So my brother switched with his girlfriend. When she was in highschool at 16 she got her license suspended for speeding tickets but took the class and got her license reinstated and has a valid license. She is 19. My brother told them this and they said no issues at all and won't be a problem. So he has new insurance and all is well except today he got a letter State Farm is cancelling their insurance because of her previous suspension. Seems sketchy to me as now they have to quickly find new insurance so my brother doesn't lose his job and car as he has a loan. With a cancellation now on his record his rates will go up everywhere and it's a super bad situation for him as he already has to budget and plan. I feel terrible as this is my fault for recommending my agent. However is this legal even? He told them over the phone this information and the agent did all the paperwork. I know they can cancel for various reasons but can they cancel for a suspension years ago that you told them about up front? Completely legal. Whenever you purchase insurance, the policy is subject to further underwriting. The underwriters use actuarial analysis (analysis of risk factors and their potential exposure) to determine rates, premiums, types of coverage, and whether or not coverage will be offered. It would appear that the policy was issued, it went to underwriting, and they declined coverage.  It's absolutely standard for insurance companies to issue a policy with the proviso that they will running records. But the whole "I told them and now they are saying this" probably means that the agent didn't forward this information. Don't get your hopes up - the agent may not be required to. But I would suggest /r/Insurance for insight.