 Hello! So I received an incredible job offer and I'm off to begin my new job in 3 weeks. I've been renting at my current apartment for 3 years so far. They've been great with us and consider us "great tenants". I'd like to keep things positive between us and keep my renting record spotless. I notified them by email a few days ago that I'd have to move. I read over the lease agreements and it in the renewal notice it states: "This renewal contract will automatically renew as a month-to-month lease unless either party gives at least 60 days written notice of termination or intent to move-out." Also the original lease states: -to-month lease at the end of the stated term on the 1st page of this Agreement. Thereafter, you or \[redacted\] Properties must provide a 30-day written notice of move-out. So they responded to me today telling me that I can sublease for the remainder of my lease and handle that situation or I can give them a 60 day written notice and pay a "reletting fee" which is the equivalent of one months rent. I followed up with a few questions but I also noticed that nowhere in the documents we signed did they mention a "reletting fee". Since that's never mentioned, I should expect to only have to give a 60 day notice, pay for those 2 months, and we should be good to move out. Am I correct to expect this? There's also an Arbitration part that mentions: : All claims, disputes and controversies between or among \[redacted\] Properties and you (and respective employees, attorneys, contractors, guarantors, visitors and other agents) will be submitted to binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be before a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association and shall be conducted in \[redacted\], Texas Not sure if that's relevant but figured I'd post it. Thanks! Here's the entire Lease Agreement just in case... : . Use + Occupancy: The premises are to be used as a private residence only and are not for business purposes. All occupants living in your unit must be listed on the 1 st page of this Agreement. This does include all minor children under the age of 18. Guests staying with you longer than ten days in any sixmonth period are prohibited without the written consent of \[redacted \]Properties. We like to know our residents and always want to know who is living at our property. . Lease Term: This lease will automatically renew as a month-to-month lease at the end of the stated term on the 1st page of this Agreement. Thereafter, you or \[redacted\] Properties must provide a 30-day written notice of move-out. . Rent Payment: Rent is due on the 3rd of each month and is to be paid electronically by ACH payment. All electronic payments will process on the 3rd of each month, but funds will not typically leave your account until the next business day. This may create a delay if the 3rd falls on a Friday, weekend or legal holiday and your funds won’t leave your account until the next business day. Just make sure the funds are there when the payment processes. . Late + Returned Payment Fees: If your electronic rent payment is returned due to insufficient funds or halted per your request, the late charge is $25.00 for initially being late plus $5.00 for each day it remains unpaid. The total late charge for any one month will not exceed $150.00. If the ACH payment is returned for lack of sufficient funds, a “stop payment” or any other reason, the returned payment charge is $35.00. . Deposits: Security deposits are due prior to move-in, and will be held until the unit is fully vacated by you and all occupants. Within 30 days of move-out, an itemized statement listing any deductions from the original deposit will be provided. Deductions include the amount necessary to: remedy any default by you in the payment of rent; repair damages to the premises exclusive of ordinary wear and tear; and clean the premises if necessary. The remaining balance will be refunded electronically into the bank account that was used to pay rent. . Utilities: You are responsible for payment of all utility charges. In addition to the base rent, there is a flat fee per occupant for water, waste water, trash, and recycling. If you live at the Eden Roc Apartments this will also include gas. This flat fee rate is stated on the 1st page of this Agreement. . Subl easing: Subleasors must submit a \[redacted\] Properties’ Rental Application, pay a $35 application fee and be approved prior to move-in. You will be responsible for cleaning and making the unit ready for your subleasor. \[redacted\] Properties will only approve your subleasor but will not be involved in the subleasing process, accept a deposit from your subleasor or refund your deposit. You will continue to be responsible for all terms in this agreement during your period of subleasing. . Condition of the Premises: You will be provided a Conditions on Arrival form to note any defects or damages to your unit at time of move-in. Please complete this form and return to \[redacted\] Properties within 10 days of the start of your lease noted on the 1st page of this Agreement. You agree to: a. Keep the unit clean, sanitary and in good repair. b. Regularly check smoke detectors and replace batteries as needed to keep them operating properly. If you ever need assistance with this, please do not hesitate to ask. c. Replace air conditioning filters regularly for proper operation of your cooling system. Again, if you ever need assistance with this, please do not hesitate to ask. d. Immediately notify \[redacted\] Properties of any defects or dangerous conditions in and around your unit. Also, immediately notify us of maintenance problems or issues that might cause damage to the property. In particular, if you ever see a water leak please take action to prevent damage and notify us immediately. e. Reimburse \[redacted\] Properties (on demand) for the cost of any repairs to the premises caused by you or your guests due to misuse or neglect. f. Return the unit upon move-out in a condition identical to that which existed upon move-in (except for ordinary wear and tear). . Possession of the Premises: a. If after signing this Agreement you fail to take possession of your unit, you will still be responsible for paying rent and complying with all other terms of this Agreement. b. If after signing this Agreement \[redacted\] Properties is not able to deliver possession of the unit due to circumstances out of our control, including, but not limited to complete destruction of the unit by the previous tenant, or current tenant refusing to vacate, you have the right to terminate this Agreement and all payments will be returned to you. . Pets: Pets are not allowed on the property unless the pet deposit has been paid, and all parties have signed the Pet Agreement. Not all \[redacted\] locations allow pets. Please inquire about your specific apartment complex before obtaining or adopting a pet. . Notices: You are agreeing to accept all notices by email and will immediately notify \[redacted\] Properties if your email address changes from the one stated on the 1st page of this Agreement. . Inspection + Emergency Access: \[redacted\] Properties reserves the right to enter your unit in order to make repairs or improvements, supply agreed services, and show the premises to prospective buyers or tenants. Except in cases of emergency, your abandonment of the premises, or court order, \[redacted\] Properties will provide you with reasonable notice of intent to enter. We will schedule entry during regular business hours of Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 7:00 pm and Saturday from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm. . General Rules: a. Please be respectful of your neighbors and especially mindful of noise after 10:00 pm. Also, please do not commit waste or nuisance, annoy, disturb, inconvenience or interfere with the quiet enjoyment and peace and quiet of any other tenant or nearby resident. This includes violating City of \[redacted\] laws and noise ordinances. Violation of these rules is grounds for eviction. b. Illegal activities of any type are grounds for immediate eviction. c. No smoking in units or anywhere on the property. We appreciate your consideration for others as we look to provide a healthy environment for all our tenants. d. Residents are expected to keep units and patios in clean and sanitary condition. Only patio furniture, plants, and bicycles are allowed on patios. BBQ’s are not allowed on patios and at no time are you allowed to use your BBQ on the patio. BBQ’s pose an extreme fire danger and are strictly prohibited by the \[redacted\] Fire Department. e. Please do not make any repairs, alterations to the unit, re-key or install any locks to the premises, or install any burglar alarm system without receiving written approval by \[redacted\] Properties. . Swimming Pool : If your apartment complex has a pool, please abide by all posted rules. The swimming pool is closed between 10:00 pm and 8:00 am. This includes the entire deck and enclosed fence area of the pool. \[redacted\] Properties also reserves the right to remove your pool and fill it in with landscaping or no longer allow swimming. You are renting based on this knowledge and removal of the pool or permanent closure will not entitle you to any refund or release from this Agreement. . Tenants’ Financial Responsibility + Renters’ Insurance: You agree to accept financial responsibility for any loss or damage to personal property belonging to you and your guests and invitees caused by theft, fire or any other cause. \[redacted\] Properties assumes no liability for any such loss. \[redacted\] Properties recommends that you obtain a renter’s insurance policy from a recognized insurance firm to cover your liability, personal property damage and damage to the premises. . Arbitration : All claims, disputes and controversies between or among \[redacted\] Properties and you (and respective employees, attorneys, contractors, guarantors, visitors and other agents) will be submitted to binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be before a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association and shall be conducted in \[redacted\], Texas. . Entire Agreement : This document constitutes the entire agreement between the parties, and no promises or representations, other than those contained here and those implied by law, have been made by \[redacted\] Properties or you. Any modifications to this Agreement must be in writing signed by both parties. The failure of you or your guests to comply with any term of this Agreement is grounds for termination of the tenancy, with appropriate notice to you and procedures as required by law.  Thank you :-) You are paying a reletting fee in order to avoid continuing paying rent beyond the 60 days until they find a new tenant, which is what you would be obligated to pay if you broke the lease without approval. You are welcome to attempt to negotiate. You can offer to pay rent until they find a new tenant, if you think they will find a new one quickly. Texas law requires the landlord to mitigate damages by using reasonable efforts to locate a new tenant in a timely manner, when a previous tenant breaks a lease.  Really appreciate your help! Just need one more clarification. There are no penalties or fees listed in the agreement I signed. Even though I assumed there are penalties, it was never agreed upon. Why should I have to pay a reletting fee? I lied, one more question. So if it turns out I have to even though it was never listed, could that fee be negotiated? I think it's up to my landlord but ugh I really don't want to pay another full months rent, and then deal with security deposit and first months rent where ever I'm moving to. It's a lot of $$$  That 60-day notice applies to the end of your lease and is required in order to avoid having the tenancy roll over to a month-to-month. What you are seeking is the approval to leave the lease early. Breaking a lease early always carries penalties or fees. You are breaking a contract.  Even so the agreement I signed says that I only need to give a 60 day written notice stating intention to move out? I mean it kind of sounds like they only require that in order to move out / breach the contract.. but you're a Quality Contributor so I trust what you're saying You are asking the landlord for a mutual termination of the lease that doesn't end until June 30, 2019. They've made an offer to mutually terminate in exchange for 60 days' notice and a reletting fee. You can accept that offer or breach the lease by leaving early without their approval. If you breach, you will be liable for rent until the apartment complex locates a new tenant.  The Lease Term stated in the renewal contract shows { StartDate: 7/1/2018, EndDate: 6/30/2019 } Renewed for a full lease term yet the contract says month to month which is sort of weird? The renewal contract only shows -to-month lease unless either party gives at least 60 days written notice of termination or intent to move-out. Rent is due on the 3rd of each month and is to be paid electronically by ACH payment. All late charges and return fees will be assessed per your original lease contract. All terms and conditions of your current lease will remain in effect except for the following changes: and the following changes are just the date, address, listed tenants, lease term { Start Date: 7/1/2018, EndDate: 6/30/2019 }, rent and utility values, and our signatures Exactly. Which is why I reached out and asked what the process is like.  This is odd because it doesn’t cover moving out prior to the end of the lease, which is what you are wishing to do. The information included is regarding rather you will renew your lease at the end of the lease agreement or move out at the end of the lease. Generally, as it seems you’re aware, there are additional costs incurred when breaking the lease for obvious reasons.  Are you currently under a fixed-term lease? What is the end date?  So, are you a month-to-month tenant or did you renew for a full lease term?