 Hello ladies and gentlemen. Long time reader, first time poster. I apologize in advance for any formatting problems. Reddit mobile leaves things to be desired. I am currently renting a house in Indiana. My landlord called me yesterday telling me that he has plans to sell the house within the next two months and we need to plan on leaving the premises. We are not on a lease whatsoever. We have been renting here for two years. There are additional details that probably don't matter to this question (We don't have doors in the house for any bedrooms or bathrooms, this was promised to be done before we even moved in, among other things) Is this actually how this works? If he sells the property we have to be out by the time of the sale? What rights do we have in this predicament? Are there any steps that we can take to NOT have to move? I have no idea who he is planning on selling to, so communication with the potential buying party would be impossible. Thank you for any and all advice in the matter.  Thank you so much for this information I mean he can't MAKE you leave. "The only person authorized to actually remove a tenant from the rental unit is a law enforcement officer. This can only happen after a landlord has won an eviction lawsuit against the tenant. The landlord must never try to force the tenant to move out of the rental unit. If the landlord does try to force the tenant to move, the tenant can sue the landlord for damages." I would start looking for places now and saving money just in case. But if you're not in a position to move right away, wait for the notice. Nothing can happen until then. You'll likely encounter a "cash for keys" situation, where landlord pays you a set amount (please please PLEASE get this in writing) to basically get out of their hair.  Thank you for the information. I suppose my follow-up question would be: is this technically an eviction? What happens if he sells the property without giving us a months written notice? I'm asking these questions before reading your link, which I realize is probably stupid. I'm going to do that now.  Indiana requires 30 days WRITTEN notice for month to month tenants. 