 My friend moved here to California a few years ago with her husband and young daughter. All three are from the UK. He's always been highly controlling, but has gotten worse over time, becoming emotionally and financially manipulative. He's isolated her from friends and family and does not help with their child. She's exhausted, depressed and at her wits end. As mentioned in the title he doesn't let her work and closely controls her access to money. She'd like to return home to the UK with their daughter, but he's made it clear he'd never consent and that he'd have her charged with kidnapping and deported. Even if that wasn't the case, she has no access to money to pay for flights. She has few family back home, and very little way of getting the money. So my questions are: - Where can she go to get any kind of help with her situation? - If she did manage to pay for flights, would she be automatically be stopped at the airport even though both she and her daughter have UK passports? - if the above worked and she left the country, what repercussions could she face if the husband decided to pursue kidnapping charges? Anything that could be helpful in this situation would be highly appreciated.  Thank you Thank you. Thanks for the links and solid info. It looks like her only option is to fight this there, which starts with her getting away from him. I've heard that in other jurisdictions it's better for her to try to maintain residence in the home, while having him removed - is that possible? Likely?  Thanks for the solid explanation of the downsides here. Very useful. No, she's currently in Cali, scared to leave the relationship, and wants to take her child back to the UK. Thank you for this, solid info, really appreciate it. If the intent or effect of going abroad is to deprive the child's other parent of the custody they now have, it is considered wrongful removal under the Hague Convention even absent an existing custody order. If Dad currently has and exercises any form of custody (such as the equal custody of a married father living with the child), then either he has to consent to taking the child abroad or a court has to allow it; no, Mom is NOT allowed to take the child if Dad doesn't want her to. See [Article 3 of the Convention](=24). . Taking a child abroad without permission is child abduction. -- [British Government]() Dad can go to court in California; an ex parte order requiring return to California would not require serving Mom in the UK prior to its issuance. That's the whole point of ex parte. OP states that Mom "has no access to money to pay for flights" to get to the UK in the first place; I am therefore assuming that getting money to fly back and forth for continued hearings is probably also a problem.  But that is the thing, mom is allowed to leave with the child, even if dad doesn't want to, absent an existing court order. Of course Dad can go to court in California, but they would have to serve Mom in the UK. Did the OP mention that she can't go back to Cali due to money? Do you have to ask for permission first before you go abroad with your child? In cases where one parent flees with the child, it is quite common for the court having jurisdiction to issue ex parte orders (orders where the court hears from only one party) establishing temporary custody and requiring the child to remain in or be returned to the jurisdiction pending final custody decisions. Under the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, the courts in the child's "habitual residence" have jurisdiction, so any decisions regarding proper custody will be made there. If the child has been in California for several years, it is very likely that both courts (UK and US) will find that the California courts are the proper venue. That means the relevant hearing(s) will take place in California, and if Mom doesn't return to present her side of the story, then too bad, so sad, the hearing will go on without her and the orders be issued in her absence. Dad gets ex parte order requiring return of child, Mom disobeys order, Dad asks for final order granting him sole legal custody (using as evidence the fact that Mom is denying him access in defiance of the existing order), Dad gets sole custody, Dad presents copy of that order to the US State Dept which hands it over to the British authorities, and child is flown back to California, while Mom is left trying to figure out how to convince California courts to overturn their decision when she doesn't even have the money to get there. That's a very (perhaps overly) simplified version of a complicated and messy process; there are defenses available, and the whole thing can be a lengthy and expensive legal process for everybody involved. However, it is possible (rare, but possible) that if Mom flees with kiddo without permission from the California courts, then she will end up losing custody and will have only very limited or even no contact until kiddo is 18 and able to make her own decisions.  Any British consulate, embassy or commission can help her get money from abroad. Her family could also just book a flight for her, the person who pays doesn't need to fly. If she doesn't have access to her passport they can also supply an emergency passport.  One option that she has is to go the nearest embassy and ask for advice there. They can help her get home. One she is home and safe, then deal with he legal issues. Source: I am from the UK and living here in the US. It is what I would do in her situation. Surely there would have to be a hearing first? Dad and mom presumably have equal rights to the child until a court says otherwise?  No worries, your advice was good, I hope OP sees it. :)  Oops, silly phone keyboard... Corrected. She needs a lawyer to work out a divorce and child custody order in California. She can ask as part of that order for permission to move back to the UK; she may or may not get permission from the court. She can seek assistance from a [domestic violence program](http://www.cpedv.org/domestic-violence-organizations-california) in her area or from [](). She might not be stopped at the airport; there has been a big push in recent years for the airlines to get involved in helping to stop international parental abduction, but enforcement remains spotty. However, even if she gets to the UK, that country is a signatory to the [Hague Convention]() : hubby could go to court in California for an order demanding that the child be returned, and the British police may enforce that order and return the child to dad. That's a complicated subject, and she needs expert legal advice before getting herself into trouble.  (just for clarity). She needs to contact a local victims advocate group or shelter for abused women. They can answer all of her questions and provide her housing and legal assistance. His legal status can be impacted if he is charged with domestic violence/abuse. His only real lwcerwfe here is that she is afraid of him.