 I work for a gigantic company based here in the US with thousands of employees. I have a bunch of coworkers that do the same exact job just in different locations. We casually talked about our salaries while we were outside of work before, and I know that we do not all get paid the same. I figured it was cost of living and never brought it up again. One time later during a team meeting our HR person said it was against company policy for us to discuss our salaries and then my manager repeated that we are not allowed to tell each other our salaries. Is that even legal? Should I be concerned?  I'm pretty sure that this isn't the case, and that any policy that specifically singles out and prohibits discussing working conditions would run afoul of the NLRA. It wouldn't necessarily have to be all or nothing. If you have a consumer-facing business for example, you would be more likely to get away with it by limiting conversation on the clock to something superficial like sports, movies, or weather rather than religion, politics, or working conditions.  Because it's not illegal to tell them lies, and most people will believe them. It's just actually illegal to enforce them.  I've heard this situation referred to as the "baseball rule". As in "if employees would be permitted to discuss last night's baseball game, they are also permitted to discuss salaries." The point being that employers can ban all non-work related chit chat, but they can't specifically ban discussing working conditions. True, but also feel free to talk about your salary, just not at work or on any work system (email and the like). And make sure everyone knows NOT TO SAY "Well, u/grownup789 gets paid $XX,XXX, I should make more than that!" Keep that shit on the downlow, but know yours and everyone else's value, so you can all negotiate from a well informed place. Correct. While you're technically protected, you're right, you'll just get fired for something else.  I talked to some coworkers later and said that I was pretty sure it wasn't right and they said "you're an at will employee they can just fire you anyways and say it was for something else. " I definitely got a dont stir the pot vibe.  HR having to justify to Bob why he's paid less than Jim for the same work isn't 'drama' it's business. There may be a valid reason but it's on them to explain it to the employees in question. If there isn't a valid reason, well then maybe it's time they adjusted their employee's salaries. They shouldn’t conduct business in the US if they think that following the law ‘causes drama.’ With a caveat that managers/supervisors are generally not protected by the NLRA, and so shouldn't discuss wages with employees. Doubt it applies here but nonetheless. And now whose fault it is if there is drama? Because all it does is cause drama at the workplace and 99% of people won't do anything. So it's a risk worth taking.   Why do HR people, who absolutely know it is illegal, still do it? And why the legal department doesn't prevent them from prohibiting it? They cannot do anything whatsoever to stop you from doing such a thing on your own time. If you were on the clock maybe, but not across the board. The NLRB has interpreted a provision in the NLRA protecting the right of employees to discuss and advocate for improved conditions to extend to the discussion of pay. Was just hedging unnecessarily tbh Section 7 of the NLRA specifically forbids discouraging or punishing employees for discussing wages. The NLRB actively pursues shit like this.  You cannot agree to let a company violate federal law They can't prohibit you from talking about your salaries or other compensation. The National Labor Relations Act protects you. I don't think that's legal, but I can't get to the Department of Labor website. There are probably some nuances to it that I'm not sure of.  IANAL, but as far as I know there's nothing they can do to stop you from just talking to each other about your salaries unless you let them/you signed in agreement to it. It can be an extremely useful bargaining chip when trying to negotiate higher wages and so ofc your company is likely just trying to save itself some cash. 