 This is for a disabled veteran with a traumatic brain injury. We have a fundraiser set up but the mother of the ex commented on the page claiming defamation of character no names were mention on the page does she have any legal standing? Okay thanks, this is all extremely appreciated That's for the court proceedings to sort out. He can get an attorney to represent him and his interests in the restraining order hearing. That is true but what she is claiming there is no evidence and it happened years ago out of state according to her  've lived with him since November and not once have I seen Just because you haven't seen it doesn't mean it didn't occur. Okay, she is also trying to get a 100yd restraining order on him as well. This was filed after she returned from out of country and we changed power of attorney and moved him down to el paso now Colorado is a guilty until proven innocent state but the Vet has no friends or family in the state to provide character witnesses they are claiming that he is violent and prone to anger fits but I've lived with him since November and not once have I seen this but as family of the caregiver all our testimonies are inadmissible we need people there in person or over the phone because Colorado will not accept a written testimony Truth is an absolute defense against defamation. That being said, unreasonable people are going to be unreasonable and can file suit for anything. The story was that she left him alone multiple times alone with out anyone present and she put them almost 300k in debt through the VA then she said it was over and then left him knowing he had no one to care for him and later called a care unit to pick him up she then called my father who drove from el paso to Colorado springs to check on him in which he discovered that he was in a care facility now we have power of attorney all of this was on the page but like I said no names were mentioned You're going to need a little more information here. What was said on the page? What did the ex's mother say was defamatory? And legal standing for what?