 So I’m not sure if this is the right place to post it but I am in need of immediate help. So my jury duty is tomorrow and the mail told me to call them after 5 pm today. This is also after the closing time. I called them and went through an automated system. I found out that my jury status is on call which I had no idea what it meant. I tried to call them but since it is after they have already closed, I can’t reach anyone. So my question is if I’m on call for jury duty, what does that mean? You can call, but it is much easier to just check the website. You will need to check the website after 5pm on Friday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. They will update the website info at 5pm each day to let you know whether or not you will need to show up the following morning. If you need to appear, it will explicitly say so. If you do not need to appear, the message will tell you to call back the next day. So you called Friday, and they told you to call back Monday. When you call Monday, if they don't need you to appear, they will tell you to call back Tuesday. Repeat for the rest of the week. They instructions will be very explicit if you need to appear the following day.   Then that's what you do. :30 am, or do I just wait until after 5 and call them for reporting instructions? You follow the instructions on the recording. You can do that if you wish. They'll tell you that you're on call and you're supposed to call back after 5 pm for instructions.  This is my first time being summoned for jury duty so sorry if I don’t understand certain things, I just want to make sure I don’t mess anything up. So when I called it said that I was on call for jury service and to call back on Monday January 7th after 5 pm for reporting instructions. What I didn’t understand from this is that do I have to show up at court because in the original jury summon mail, it said to show up at 8:30 am, or do I just wait until after 5 and call them for reporting instructions? Also, this is not to say that I’m not gonna show up tomorrow because I don’t want to miss a jury summon for a dumb mistake that I made. I’m still gonna show up to make sure and ask them myself as well.  If you are on call, you have to call or check online at the specified times. If the time is late afternoon, you would report the next morning. If it is some other time, you need to be prepared to report within one hour. All of this information is explained here, which was included when you were summoned for jury duty: http://www.fresno.courts.ca.gov/jury/juror_info/ What county and court?