 I live in Oregon. I am the only child of my father. When my dad passed away I got all of the mortuary stuff set up and paid for services. I also decided to let my father be an organ donor (he never disclose whether he was for or against this decision). About ten minutes after I learned of his death, I began to call all of the family members so that they heard about it from me instead of a third party. After the phone calls I spent most of the next few days making sure his girlfriend (they spent 13 years together so I feel like they were practically married) was ok and we'll taken care of. I learned that while I was taking care of her, my family went to the mortuary and claimed that I am not his biological son and that I should have no rights in making decisions about my dad. The mortuary called me to confirm that I am indeed his son. I offered to bring them a copy of my birth certificate that has his name listed as the father as proof of lineage. The mortuary requests that I do not pick up my father's ashes for the next few days while he waits for them to file legal paperwork. My questions are: what paperwork would they even be able to file? Should I be doing anything else to make sure that I am not legally in the wrong (such as brining in my birth certificate as proof) ?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Requesting Outside Contact Requesting or offering private messages or chats is against the rules of this subreddit. Please review the following rule before commenting further [General Rule 1]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Once you are appointed administrator of the estate, file a request with the irs for his previous tax returns. It's unlikely, but he may have had accounts he never told anyone about and they often get tried to the IRS. I am not sure what shenanigans your family are up to or what they hope to gain, but I would suggest lining up a lawyer ASAP. They may be trying to pull the estate out from under you and you could potentially be facing some legal challenges coming up. I am sorry that this is happening right now so soon after your loss. Good luck. Yes it is recognized up to a certain year. After that year they no longer recognized new common law marriages. Sorry I can’t remember the year they changed it.  I half suspect if you let the rest of the family pick up his ashes AND the bill at the mortuary they'll do neither. Just a heads up, you may want to search for unclaimed property in any state you father has lived in every year or so. You'd be amazed at how often people will have safe deposit boxes and not tell anyone. Eventually, such property gets turned over to the state (when payments stop being made) and you can collect it from them. I've been an executor for a contested estate. Do yourself a favour and hire a probate lawyer now, leave everything up to them. Family counts for squat once people start fighting over money. People are so greedy, it's sickening. When my grandmother was in hospice due to cancer, my aunt went over to "take care of her" for a day. My mother was always over there because we lived next door, but she needed a break. Well next day we go in and ALL the jewelry was gone. My grandmother had promised some to my mom, aunt, sister, and cousin. (Split amongst all the girls) but my aunt just took it all. She hadn't even passed yet and you're stealing from your mother, that's just disgusting. My sister was heart broken because my grandmother promised her this pendant to remember her by. This same aunt, when my mother had cancer, refused to come by to see her sister and see how she was doing, because my father denied her coming over after my mom's first round of chemo. Blaming us for not allowing them. I was there for the phone call, my mother was as sick as a dog, in pain, and didn't want to see anyone that day, but we said tomorrow would be fine. Never heard from her for the next 2-3 years, when my grandmother was diagnosed. Some people are just awful people in nature, and it honestly hurts when you love your family and they do shit like this.  This is kind of funny, but browser history is sometimes the only way to find bank accounts for people who don’t keep tidy records. Especially if phone is passcode locked or they don’t use banking apps. This is generally going to be wrong. Estate assets pay for actions that are taken on behalf of the estate, or that benefit the estate. So while the funeral costs would be paid for, the cost of an attorney to fight over who gets to be appointed as the administrator of the estate would not be.  What is your relationship with these relatives? I ask because it sounds like there is some preexisting conflict for this to occur. Wow  . I normally have a good relationship with the people involved but this incident has caused them to behave in very strange ways. I don't fully understand why they are doing this as I have tried to keep them up to date as possible about decisions and information as possible. Check into a potential life insurance policy, they could think he had one and that would probably have you listed. Just something I would check into personally.  When my uncle died, my disgusting excuse of family, started fighting over his computer and ps4 within a couple hours of finding him dead in his bed. People can go crazy for stupid things, doesn't have to be expensive. I'm sorry your family is acting this way. I am so sorry for your loss and what you're going through. My dad got with my step mom when I was 3 (I was 28 when he died 2 years ago). They have 2 kids together that are now 13 and 11. My dad had cancer and when I went to the hospice house to stay with him me, my step mom and the rest of my family (aunts and grandparents) all discussed what was to be done with his ashes afterwards. My step mom said that my dad wanted for us to wait until my siblings were older (around 18) then go out on a lake and enjoy the day fishing and dumping his ashes in the lake. Okay, I'm fine with that. That is what he wanted. He loved to fish. We also discussed that my grandmother (his mom) would buy a small urn or some kind of small keepsake for me to have a small amount of his ashes for myself. My step mom agreed. She said it was okay. We would go pick something out together. I can help even pick out the larger urn. So about a week later he passed. Then she starts saying she feels bad because my dad said before that he didnt want his ashes split. She says he did not want a toe here or a finger there. But she says if I really want some of them that I can get a small amount. Nobody really knows his wishes other than he wanted cremated. My aunt and grandma was told he made a will but then my step mom said he didn't. So who knows. When I head home (I live several states away) I get a message a week or so later saying she's boxing up some item for me and my son and will get the urn for me made. Time goes by and nothing. I message and it's "oh things have been crazy. I'm working on it". I hear that for months until I get mad and go off about how selfish she is and has always been jealous for no reason. Which is true. There had been times when I was younger when she would go behind his back and say things like "you shouldn't come down to visit right now because it will interfere with sisters birthday" among other things. So anyways, it turns out she has pushed away everyone including her own family. Does not let them see my siblings and has taken my siblings out of school. They are not each atleast a grade behind. Oh and i haven't received not one thing that was my dad's and never will. I wasnt looking for money. I'm grown and she needs the money to care for my siblings because she cannot work due to medical reasons. I just wanted something. A shirt, a damn toothbrush...I didnt care what. But it's not going to happen. Family sucks sometimes and it's really hard when something tragic happens, like a death even an expected one, and family turns into crazy assholes. Sorry for the long story and sorry you are dealing with this on top of the loss of your dad. I hope things get sorted out quickly and painlessly for you. Sometimes people are just toxic and need to be punched in the nose.  That's crazy. Isn't one of the requirements of common law marriage that you hold yourself out in public as married? Meaning you, by construction, are not common law married if you declare that you are not? Law changes are almost never retroactive. People do not act irrational without direct incentive. Be sure to go over the belongings and paperwork with a fine comp and lawyer up as fast as possible. I smell something fishy going on. Your relatives know something you dont. Dead people don't care...  That doesn't come close to answering why they would want to de-ligitimize him as his son. That's well beyond messed up for any reason. What the hell that is so weird. Can you file for divorce and still own the house?? Dude.... it’s not the house you should be thinking about. It’s the over $100k you would get when you sell it. Obviously this is what the aunt and grandfather wants. This is life changing money. It is yours if only you are willing to put in a small amount of work for it.  Even if you're 100% sure there is nothing of value, and even if there really is nothing of value but your family is just being dicks to be dicks... can't your father's Will come into play? Did he have one? Won't that void whatever shenanigans your family is trying to pull? You got the DNA. Take a test, get an attorney, and threaten to sue your relatives if they dont cut the nonsense, and fast. IANAL, but: As others have echoed, you are your father’s child regardless of biological lineage, simply because you were raised by him, and he is listed on your birth certificate. I have recently lost my father too and if you PM me any questions regarding the funeral or proceedings, I will do my best to answer you. Many states make it a point to make no distinction between adopted children and blood children or half-blood children. In Colorado, heirs (those born of the decedent and those who bore the decedent, and spouse) are typically the next of kin. Although this may vary from state to state; it is uncommon that an [unusual] case where the son isn’t biological but listed as a descendant wouldn’t be allowed to decide on funeral arrangements. It is very common in some states that an individual may be appointed for the temporary arrangements needed to prepare the body. After this if your father had a Last Will and Testament that is considered a valid Will in Oregon, the Will should be followed. IF there is no Will it is common practice for the estate to be considered Intestate, which simply means the individual died without a clear indication of how his estate is to be divided. Again I’m speaking from research in Colorado, after you provide your birth certificate for validation, you should begin to ask the mortuary about any requirements about probate and estate. They can help you more. If you would like help with family history or the obituary, I’d be glad to help the best I can also, just trying to be a kind redditor. From one son to another who lost their dads. &lt;3 NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION. Out of curiosity- are people who would have been considered married by common law in AL before still ‘married?’ Is their marriage grandfathered in?  Tbh not trying to be rude but it might appear to, but being a organ donor is a choice you make while living and if you don't disclosure it it's pretty obvious you don't wanna be part of it.  Their two main weapons were fear, surprise, and an almost fanatical obsession against kitties. I'm a lawyer in Australia so take my advice with a grain of salt. I've seen a few comments already but I agree with those suggesting to apply for probate or letters of administration asap. Time is often an enemy to you, as you're giving them time to get legal paperwork to get in first. Act fast and decisively, even if you think you don't want something or maybe not entitled to it, don't just give up or accept nothing. You may regret it. Get a probate or estate lawyer to assist asap. Raven for some preliminary advice on if you have any claim. Property you might not think to be worth it could be sold to at least pay for things like funeral expenses or legal fees so you're not out of pocket. It's not selfish to protect your rights. I've seen many people screwed and left with the bath water just for being nice.  NAL, but I got some experience with this when my single father died when I was in my early 20s. If your father was not married, and had no other children, there is nothing to challenge your status as next of kin. Period. You might want to speak with an estate attorney, especially if your Dad had a house and substantial savings/investments, etc. If not then your time with the estate attorney will be short and cheap. My dad had next-to-nothing, and my attorney only got like $1700 for his services. You don't need an attorney, but piecing together the correct paperwork (certifying your dad's death with the state) can be tricky. Between the emotions and the stress, I'd say the attorney fee was worth it for me. Hopefully a lawyer licensed in Oregon replies here to clarify how exactly this should go down in your state. The mortuary is covering his own ass, and really he has no right to ask you to let him hold onto the ashes. He's a bottom feeding business owner, with no special privilege here. Don't let him sway your judgement, or let you believe that your "family" has any claim to anything.  Car person here. Even broken down I'm assuming the jeep is a cj-7. Those are very desirable in the "jeep circle". You'd have no problem, depending on the condition selling that car to someone who wants a literal tank to fix up. Consider asking r/jeep r/overlanding or wrangler forums a better estimate for it. $500 is good for the time being in probate, but get it titled in your name before you sell it. I Just did the same thing with my dads vintage Harley and it was like pulling teeth because of the value (over 35k). Gosh. Sad situation. From my experience you will see the best and worst in people at this time. Look after yourself.  Very sorry for your loss bro I wish you all the best! Sorry about the fam Did he have life insurance? From a friend of mine, it’s harder to disprove common law marriage in KS then to prove it. She and her bf bought a house together and suddenly every government agency decided they were married. Screwed lots of things up for her.  They only asked you not to pick up the ashes, they didn’t say they weren’t giving them to you. Go get the ashes, don’t leave without them. They are rightfully yours.  Did you at any point contact your grandfather and aunt? Or did you know they were behind this because the mortuary told you? To be clear, at this point I'm wondering if it's possible this is all fake because something happened at the mortuary and they are just stalling you for time, though I don't know what could have happened and that may be just a bit paranoid of me. Ok, I think I found it on 23andme, looks confusing though. But thanks for the explanation! My theory is that they object to you treating your father's girlfriend like his wife. They may not consider her a member of the family.  Don’t forget Oklahoma. I’ve practiced family law here, and AFAIK, it’s still a thing. Extremely hard to prove, but definitely a possibility. He could just have a crazy family. When my grandmother in law died 2 of her 5 kids claimed the other 3 were hiding money from them. Grandma lived in a retirement home paid for by 2 of her kids, naturally not the 2 who were mad. They went as far as sending a letter from a lawyer demanding their rightful share of the estate. Before death she owned her cloths and whatever small gifts family had given her. 1 of the 2 crazy kids stole most of that stuff within hours of finding out that she had died.  Oh, totally; it's the CCR5-delta32 mutation- it also makes you immune to Small Pox and HIV (also, this Black Death was probably Yersinia pestis). Random fact of the Day; this is the mutation the Chinese doctor tried to induce in those babies with the CRISPR editing a few months ago. You should edit your original comment as it is inaccurate. You could have take. 2 seconds to google it but nope.  In some states, Georgia for example, a name on the birth certificate is not proof of legitimacy and you may have to go through a legitimacy proceeding in order to obtain inheritance rights. Just as an FYI.  9 states and dc  No legal advice here, sorry for your loss and funerals show who the people in your family are actually like. Oh man this would probably answer all the questions. I hope this is what it is, because it seems like the kind of thing most would get over after the acute grieving process, and it also means OP isn't about to get dragged into some legal/financial battle. Alabama did away with common law marriage sometime in the past few years. Not sure where else still recognizes it.  Deleting his browser history, even if by some chance it turns out you're not his true son, you sure as hell were his true bro. Respect If you want to be safe, DNA testing is possible (even post-cremation I believe). Nothing but a simple swab test to prove them wrong.  So out of mostly curiosity, is that 9 states and DC or 10 states and DC? Shit a house with decent property can be worth couple hundred thousand. Ive seen people do messed up shit for 50$ Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I'm sorry you're having to go through this, but just wanted to say that if you're paying the mortuary, they owe their allegiance to you. I just went through a similiar experience with my dysfunctional family. My niece instructed my brother to pick up my mom's cremains and bring them to her. Why? Were they going to hold her cremains hostage till I gave them what they wanted? I have no idea. Just make a quick call to confirm that you, and only you, will pick up cremains. If it's important to you, that this. (It was to me.) I’d almost be concerned they’re trying to disarm you with legal shit—“we’re just waiting to see if they file anything” to make it sound like they could be in legal trouble if not. You know what I mean? Maybe in the hopes you’ll be like “oh, okay,” and wait to see, possibly buying the family time to file probate and get appointed executor or something. Maybe I’m just paranoid. I’d get on the ball first thing tho; file the paperwork the user mentioned, then pick up his ashes.  On top of getting a lawyer first thing in the morning, also figure out of here left a will. Try to contact his lawyer (if he had one) or look through paperwork. As many have stated, money is usually what pulls families apart. His lawyer/will would hopefully have the answers if anything.  Common-law marriage can still be contracted in Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Montana, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, and the District of Columbia.  “Biological” or not, he is on your birth certificate, hence your father.  There are still some states that recognize common law marriage such as Alabama and DC. I think it is 10 states in total that recognize it still.  Hmm, so we should know by now if some people have that gene to be immune? You need to search and find your father's will and any other information papers. Did he ever discuss location with you. Does he have a bank deposit box or a safe in his home? If not you need to start probate on the estate  Any life insurance policy? Do they just THINK there's money? Were they in good communication with them, or was he aloof and possibly giving off the vibe he was hiding anything? That could make the piranha start to stir. Plus all the gossip they're probably doing to each other is making it worse. Whose? Bs dude So they want a contract. Any implied or verbal agreement i enter into expires after 10 days. Damn, i think i get why it stopped now. There was no mutually agreed upon terms previous to a happenstance 'lifelong' 10 year relationship and somebody was burned.  I am sorry to hear about your dad. While I agree with getting an attorney, do NOT get a probate attorney. Pay full price for an attorney. When you get a probate attorney, they don't do that well of a job due to you not paying as much. They only do as much as they are paid. I wish you the best of luck!  IANAL, but I do know that in several states it was taken off the book in 2004 when the republicans were all in a rage about "the sanctity of marriage". As far as I know from then on, in some/most states, you actually had to get married via the state - meaning filing with the county clerk's office. I am sorry for you loss. People can be real jerks at times. I wish I could say I understand but honestly its hard to claim it when I have never been in your shoes. I read a few comments and have learnt that as far as you know, there isn't any possession to really "fight" over. But I think you should still pursue this, in the courts. Just find the time to actually have the funeral and put your father to rest.  I can’t offer any more legal advice than anybody else has but I just wanted to say I’m truly sorry for your loss. Sucks for my future common law proposal recipient. Babe i like you a lot. A ton. But when you cheated on me ten years ago i never really forgot. So can we be happy we never really parted and continued on with the rent and bills together??? Baby dont go. Baby!!! Baby im sorry!!! Fml Common law marriage was pretty much done away with in 2004, so no state that I know has it on the books anymore. Given how the family is acting I would hire a probate lawyer. As someone else said people act wierd about ml oney and maybe there is something you don't know about that a probate lawyer will find just as a part if his job. Also by reading your responses you will regret not burying your father the way you see fit Unless the house is a mansion there probably won’t be an estate tax. Oregon seems to start that at estates worth 1 million. Make sure you go through all his papers and anything that may contain papers, or look for a storage device if he was tech savvy. If you find business cards for an attorney or any other legal documents you could inquire with them.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.  While that may be true, the devastating Black Death that wiped out 33% to 50% of all Europeans hits in the 1340s, nearly 150 years after Spanish Inquisition instituted. While the plague did return periodically in later centuries and kill many, nothing ever came close to initial blow. It's thought most of those who didn't die had genetic mutation making them immune. For all of we Euro descendants, we got that going for us. "The Tribunal of the Holy Office of the Inquisition(Spanish: Tribunal del Santo Oficio de la Inquisición), commonly known as the Spanish Inquisition(Inquisición española), was established in 1478 by Catholic Monarchs Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile." [\_Inquisition]()  Add Hate between my father and my grandfather. Mix that with some years of mutual abuse between my dad and my aunt. And finish this cocktail with years of the family motto of "I'll only talk to you when you are useful". Luckily I learned early on that this model is not the way families are supposed to behave.  Wow how the hell do people have such shitty family? Oh ho, no. $20k is more than many people live off of in a year. $20k would pay off my student loans, and pay my house down to the point where I could remove PMI from my monthly payments, netting me in total over $500 per month (student loan payments + PMI) going forward. Allowing me to dramatically increase my retirement contributions. $20k is a fuck ton of money, when properly applied.  The girlfriend and I have done some searching but have found nothing so far. If he did have a will.stashed somewhere, I wouldn't know where to look. He had his fair share of secrets and I respected his privacy. I even deleted his browser history for him. Youll probably have todo a will search at some point. See if he had deal with any estate attorneys (maybe his gf would know?) If no will exists, they would probably name next of kin as executor (you, prob?). I dont know oregon law though, but that is typically how ive seen it done.  My father never at any point in his life mentioned a will. I would be shocked to discover one. Since I am his only child, I assume that would be me. I'm going to go see about a probate lawyer tomorrow and go pick up my dad's ashes. I will update the whole thread after tomorrow's events. I can't believe how absolutely NASTY people get when a family member passes. Is this a grief thing, or what? Unbelievable. I can speak to experience from this. It's money. This is when you learn the true color of people. I had to deal with an executor who basically tried to steal money from my mom's estate. Might not be a bad idea to get lawyered up. Who is the executor?  Bro 20k right now would fix my car and let me set up my life to make more money and still have ~10k left over. 20k is more than enough to make a big impact. People have been killed over a lot less ay.  Yeah it definitely sounds sketchy and it sounds more and more like I should just show up first thing tomorrow and collect the ashes despite already stating that waiting till Thursday would be fine. I just don't want to play any games or contribute to the drama at all.  Death can cause families to go into meltdown. Especially if they think there is something big there. Maybe some real estate you didn't think is worth anything, but is? Sometimes people don't get how life insurance works and try to horn in on that. Sentimental stuff like the "old family home" that none of them have a legal claim to, but feel some sort of family claim. Estate issues can rip families apart and often get ugly. I'm sorry this is happening to you. Your father definitely didn't have a will? Could there be an old will you don't know about? That could complicate things. Assuming no will exists, basically all jurisdictions have rules about who steps in when someone dies without a will (intestate). Those rules are very clear about who inherits, and who is next if kin and likely appointed as executor. Given a state we can give you the exact statutes, but assuming it's true you are the sole surviving child and he wasnt married, you probably are the presumed executor. You may not be the only heir. If there are other children, even deceased, they may have an ownership interest in real property. It gets complicated, especially if it's property that has gone through multiple layers of intestate succession. Meaning if the likely largest asset is a home or land your father inherited, and that was never clarified, it can go a lot of different ways I had to read that twice... originally read it as 13 year old girlfriend...phew! 20,000 is a years salary in a lot of places in this country Just to comment, You see stories all the time about someone who died and lived modestly having worked a regular job and for all appearance didn't have many assets turn out to been worth millions they made somehow and set it all to be donated to somethign on their death.