 I have been working for this automotive place for 10 years. On Monday the 31st, we had a new manager of the store starting. We had met b4 for about 3 minutes, pretty much just names. Work starts at 7 am. I had some old rotors that were just acting as a small shelf, and he starting to move and discard them. Now all the other mangers let me keep them, but this guy wanted to get rid of them. I at first told him what they were for and he said too bad. I said ok do what you want your the new boss, and then I looked at my wrist (I don't wear a watch) and said it 7am do whatever you want and started to walk away. He then proceeds to say that he doesn't like disrespect and has fired ppl for less. I ask is he threatening my job? He said yes permanently. I then said, That is unacceptable behavior and Im gonna call HR. He then fires me and tells me to go home. This guy doesnt know my name and already fired me in less then 5 minutes of being there! I called HR and they didn't call back, so I call my new Managers boss and talk with him. He tells me that if I can't work with him, I will have to transfer stores. ( Its a big chain auto place) I go back down there and we talk, he gets heated again and wants to throw me out, but I tell him no I can do whatever. I still work there. I called HR again and they talked with me and basically did the company thing and said they would investigate. Then later that day, the new manager told me, that New Manger, Managers boss, and me will have a sit down next week and discuss things. Do I have any legal rights I need to know about. Also can I get a lawyer for any of this. Location Nashville Tn,  I didn’t say it was good advice. It's a sign of a bad manager. They believe they have to "assert dominance" or something but they only succeed in driving down morale and breaking up well-oiled teams. Firing someone is a manager's job sometimes. Firing someone 5 minutes after walking in without knowing their name is a power trip. You can be fired for anything in Tennessee. You can be having a child be born and crash in the snow legally you can still be fired. You were snarky after being warned and snapped at him for moving rotors that were shelves. You have nothing . Just live with the transfer. I would have fired you. You have no legal recourse.   We're up to at least two at this point. Thank you. Thats all I need to hear. A single incident of a bad attitude is unlikely to be deemed gross misconduct. You mean can you be fired for copping a shitty attitude towards your new boss? Yes. You have the right to file for unemployment. As your termination was for gross insubordination it is possible it will be declined. A lawyer for what? You can be fired for being a smart ass to your new boss. Next time, be respectful.  IANAL, but I live in TN and have some understanding of/experience with its hiring/firing laws. Your manager can absolutely fire you for this, and even as he said "for less". As far as I'm aware, Tennessee doesn't require there even be a reason at all for the firing, so the best idea would likely be to play nice and either take a transfer or work with New Manager.  Honestly he probably came in trying to figure out who he was going to fire. You just lost the lottery. It’s very common advice to new managers to fire someone to get everyone else’s attention. At least it was in auto repair a couple decades ago.  Doesn't seem like you do. Nope, not really. Play nice, take the transfer. Or look for another job. Or both. They can fire you for whatever reason they want. You can absolutely be fired for this. 