 3.5 years ago I was arrested and indicted for felony robbery after being accused by the drunken girlfriend of the former mayor the town. An insane series of events followed wherein police ignored indisputable video alibi and the case went for 2 months before being dismissed. Further evidence indicates my accuser made up the whole thing, as 36 hours after the alleged robbery, she found her 'stolen' belongings at the bars she'd visited that night (and she kept this secret). Surveillance video of the area nearby also fails to show any plausible robber. As you could guess, all kinds of internal corruption was involved in handling the recent mayor's girlfriend drunken disaster. The county state's attorney refuses to do anything about this woman. I hired a lawyer to sue her for false arrest and malicious prosecution. He said we had a great case and frequently talked about winning. After filing the complaint and defending against a motion to dismiss, I was into about $6k in legal costs. My lawyer then became very unresponsive and things dragged on for months between email responses. The complaint was filed end of 2016. When I started to press him on moving forward he suddenly started telling me the case was going to be expensive and listing all the ways we might lose or that my accuser might weasle out of paying a judgement. He pulled a complete 180 on me after taking $6k and 1.5 years, and despite multiple inquiries for an explanation, he just can't explain why. I did find out (through facebook) that his wife is friends with the person I'm suing. All the while there are still news articles about me being arrested for robbing this woman, and my lawyer telling me not to talk to anyone about the case, especially reporters. I went through all this and wasted so much time and money, just to have him tell me we shouldn't have ever bothered. I'd also withheld complaints against the local police and jail for their violent practices because my lawyer said we shouldn't piss off the police, since they would be important witnesses. Meanwhile, several people died at the local jail. This whole things was a huge giant mess and it wasn't getting cleaned up, so I just wrote a massive open letter to about 100 public officials about all of the problems and it went viral in my area. My lawyer was upset about this because the letter also made him look bad, and now he's firing me as a client. He filed a motion to withdraw and there is a court date tomorrow at 9am. This is in Champaign County, IL. It isn't clear to me what I'm supposed to do here, and I don't have another lawyer. My lawyer sent me a letter of intent to withdraw, and I only know about the court date by checking my own docket online. Do I attend, and what should I expect? Can a get my $6k back from this guy? "Personally Identifying Information" is against the rules here, but it isn't clear if that applies to the OP identifying themselves. Posting a link to my open letter would indirectly identify me, is that allowed? You done messed up. But if you feel that your attorney has taken you for a ride, you can mail a [request for investigation](). That's not really responsive as to what you should do in the short term (which can really only be "find another lawyer to represent you"), but this is the way for the supreme court of illinois to investigate professional misconduct.  I love people who think there is this massive conspiracy to defraud or defame them. The paranoia I really get because that's why they're at that point, but the narcissistic belief that everyone is conspiring, putting their livelihoods on the line, to take you down is so interesting. From LAOP's perspective everyone, from the cops to prosecutors to the judges to the media to the attorney general of his county to his own lawyer are involved in a scheme to take him down. My best guess is that LAOP is suffering from something. I wouldn't touch this case with a thirty foot pole. I wouldn't even want to be any opposition attorney either because you know LAOP would start talking about you on his blog and encouraging people to harass you for being part of this supposed conspiracy.  \ Indeed. /r/advice exists (and several other forums) for general life advice. /r/legaladvice specifically focuses on giving LEGAL advice. So, you hired someone that had never done your type of case before and you are surprised he had to do research? Of course he still billed you for the work. If you wanted someone who wouldn't need to do any research you should have found someone with far more experience in the area. The obvious flipside here is they come with a far higher hourly rate to reflect the fact that in the past they have done all that research. You might be surprised. I'm amazed how much hand holding pro se litigants get in my county. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Do not advise posters to call the media or to post on social media Do not advise posters to call the media, post on social media, or otherwise publicize their situation. That creates additional risks and problems, and should only be done, if at all, with the counsel of a local attorney representing OP. Please review the following rules before commenting further. [General Rule 9]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I really appreciate that. I've sent you messages on chat with links to the documents. Bland on salacious details, perhaps. But those pleadings will tell me far more about your lawsuit than your post or open letter does. Basically I'm (as an attorney who does plaintiff-side civil litigation, albeit not in Illinois) offering to give you my read of the situation. But I need to see the pleadings. Yes, there is plenty you need to understand before going to court. This is why you need a lawyer.  Is there anything logistical I need to understand before going to court? I would pretty much be counting on the court/judge to tell me if/when I need to make a request. Each of those items are rather bland. My lawyer said it was more tactical to put less information in the complaint than more. The motion to dismiss simply tried to claim that since I was indicted in the criminal trial, there must have been good cause for my arrest (which is not a valid reason for dismissal, any why they lost). Their response to the complaint basically just denied any knowledge of anything. Woah. Disregarding attorney's advice to the Nth degree. Definitely valid reason(s) for attorney to discontinue representation. This “well, actually” has it all. I love it. I would love to see a copy of the complaint. You should post it on your website. And the motion to dismiss ans response. Those are public record anyway. Since you have a pending lawsuit, you'll need to provide that stuff before anyone can give you an opinion about anything. Yada yada accept all factual allegations as true yada yada Sorry, you are right. Mine is the 2nd highest. Nah, this is the top post of all time for r/UIUC  No, it wasn't that viral, but within a few days it did become the top r/UIUC reddit post of all time. NG and WCIA didn't report on it because I chastised them in my letter for their horrible reporting tactics. Smile Politely did cover it, and a few weeks later the NG issued an article about how they would be changing their mugshot articles as a result of my story. It wasn't just a couple of months. It was 2 years from initial filing, with periods of multiple months of no response within. I followed every instruction, paid every bill, prepared every document exactly as asked up until he went completely AWOL. It isn’t that viral. I live in CC, read the News-Gazette all the time, watch WCIA news and haven’t heard about this. It sounds like your attorney did a lot of research and found you don’t have a strong case. If you hire another one, hire from Springfield or Decatur so not much chance of conflicts of interest. That may also be a factor. Go to court and ask for continuance to have time to get another attorney and for the attorney to research the case. With new attorney, do what they say. If you don’t hear from them for a couple of months, it doesn’t mean they stopped working on the case, just that things are moving slower than you like. Good luck.  He did say he got busy for a while, that's fine. But as the months went on and I kept pressing him, all of a sudden my case became unworthy of pursuit. That didn't make sense, as none of the details had changed in the 1.5 years since we started. My lawyer would not take a case against the police because other lawyers within his firm have police as clients. Also the statute of limitations for public employees in IL is 1 year and that has long passed. Initially I tried to hire another lawyer who would sue the police and he was going to take the case but then got caught up in some scandal with stealing clients from the firm he was working for. His firm is suing him. I did actually consult with another attorney about releasing my letter and he thought it was a good idea (from a holistic perspective, not just a legal perspective). He seems to have been right. It isn’t your lawyer’s fault that news media covered your case, even if it was eventually dismissed. Court cases take time and and drag on for months and sometimes, years. If your lawyer didn’t have an update for you, he probably was focused working on all the other cases he was dealing with. Sounds like you grew impatient and disregarded his advice. My spidey sense tells me that OP might not be of the most agreeable nature, if that makes sense.  What is really interesting is that, only after publicizing my case, did another party come forward and contact me with information that my accuser has made 2 false rape accusations in the past. I'm not sure what to do with this information. More importantly, how the heck did a complaint for malicious prosecution and false imprisonment against the girlfriend of a politician get past a motion to dismiss??? OP, no one knows all the ins and outs of your case here, but based solely on what you wrote, your case is a complete loser as pled. If your attorney was able to plead it in such a way so as to survive an mtd, try to repair the relationship and follow his guidance because I can't imagine many attorneys will take this on. That's not unusual. Lawyers don't memorize the law, they learn to research it and argue it. Those are the skills that you pay for. General research is a normal part of billing by lawyers. From a legal perspective, you may be right. From a quality of life perspective, my situation improved massively after publicizing the situation. My lawyer's advice was ruining my life. People were finding the robbery articles about me and it was destroying my business and social life. Meanwhile my lawyer just stopped being responsive, for months, and months, and months. Is there any point at which a lawyer is responsible for being timely?  "Personally Identifying Information" is against the rules here, but it isn't clear if that applies to the OP identifying themselves. It clearly applies to identifying him/herself. From the sub rules: This is also a fine example of one of the reasons for our rule prohibiting comments that recommend publicizing the situation. OP, thank you for providing this example.  Or - and this is just spitballing, here - over the course of representing you, your lawyer's opinion of the situation has shifted. That can happen for lots of reasons besides "they're lying to you." Nonetheless, if _you_ no longer trust _them_, then of course you should not try to hire them back. Client-attorney relationships, like most professional relationships, require a certain level of trust in both directions, and if that's not there, then you'd be wasting your time. However, if you intend on pursuing a lawsuit against the police for arresting you, you are well outside of "represent yourself admirably" territory and will need to find someone, and you can expect that any other attorneys who are aware of your public letter regarding the subject matter of ongoing legal action will take that into consideration when evaluating whether they can represent you. You really did screw this particular pooch by publishing your letter _at this time_. You might choose to be okay with that, if you like, but I can tell you right now that very few people on this sub are likely to agree with you. You can include that to your complaint to the state bar and they will determine if you were billed illegally.  It's a pretty simple situation. He said, "don't do this thing" (which could irreparably hurt your case) and then you did that thing. You can avoid that situation in the future by either listening to your lawyers advice, or obtaining a new lawyer. (and I'm not suggesting this is the case) but even if your lawyer didn't want your case for other reasons, he specifically told you to not talk to other people, which you then choose to do anyways. That was all he needed to drop you as a client. Sorry.  One thing that really bothered me is that he charged me for general research. He'd never done a false arrest or malicious prosecution case before. I got the feeling that he took on my case thinking it was a great idea, and after educating himself on my dime, decided he may not be able to handle it. If that lawyer was already advising me not to pursue the case, why would I continue to hire him anyways? Either he lied to me from the start (about the case being worthwhile), or he's lying about something now. I think the open letter was the right thing to do immediately after my criminal case was dismissed, but I was advised against that.  Then no, you cannot get your money back. The lawyer did work for you. Your lawyer specifically told you not to discuss it with anyone and you publicly spoke about it. It should have been very obvious that this would have been the outcome. If you believe there was a conflict of interest, you can report him to the state bar and allow them to investigate.   "Personally Identifying Information" is against the rules here, but it isn't clear if that applies to the OP identifying themselves. Posting a link to my open letter would indirectly identify me, is that allowed? The sub's rule against PII includes removing posts if the poster identifies themselves, as well. Since my lawyer essentially stopped working for me on his own accord a long time ago, I'm not concerned about losing him. I am concerned that he misled me and/or has some major conflict of interest that he is not disclosing. I'm also concerned about hiring another lawyer just to end up in the same loop. Without understanding his flip-flop I'm just left confused. Then you may want to speak to your current lawyer and find out what it will take to restore their trust in you as a client. The bottom line here is that an open letter may well be an appropriate way to express your frustration with your government and with the public official involved, but the _timing_ of that letter may well seriously affect your case. You can expect this decision to colour your interactions with other attorneys, too, so you have very little to lose by offering your current lawyer a _mea culpa_. The deposit was $1500 and used, and since then I was paying by invoice. That's how I got to $6k. After this I'm extremely wary of lawyers and spending more time and money. It is a weird case and most lawyers I spoke to about it 3 years ago didn't know what to make of it. "Not listening to the advice of your lawyer" is a perfectly valid reason for your lawyer to wish to not represent you anymore. Because your lawyer has filed the motion, you should be given ample time to get a new lawyer. You still owe for any work that the previous lawyer did. In the future, you should do what your lawyer tells you to do if you want to retain them. Yes you should attend court and request a continuance so that you can secure another attorney. If you paid a deposit, you can get any portion back that is unused. Don't be surprised if it was all used. 