 I don't make many posts so I apologize for any formatting issues. After street parking my car overnight, I came out to find a threatening note on my windshield. The problem is, I haven't done anything to warrant a threatening note. It read: \ . you have until tuesday you piece of shit :) No name or phone number provided. I have no idea whatsoever who could have done this. I have absolutely not been in any hit and runs, ever. There is no damage on my car. I have not been receiving calls or texts from any numbers I don't recognize and I do not have any numbers blocked. Also, I have insurance. I am assuming they mistook my car for the one that hit them, but I am afraid that they took down my license plate and are going to try to sue me for something that never happened, or try to scam me in some way. My question is: is there anything I can do to prevent this from happening? And if I do end up with a lawsuit for something that never happened, what would be my next course of action?  It’s possible the real target of the note got it on their car, then put it on your car. I suppose you could put a note on your car with an outer readable “to the person that put a note on this car,” and inside write “I don’t know what you’re talking about, you have the wrong car, please email me at [throwaway email address].” Not a lawyer and rarely post here. I would immediately take a picture of and keep the note - the picture domcuments the date. I would then take pictures of your cars exterior entirely, documenting no damages, And a record that you did not receive any phone calls or prior notice. However, there it doesn’t seem there’s much of a way for you to prove you didn’t have repairs. Should they have taken your license plate they would make a claim to your insurance, which would ultimately show you were and are insured. I would not approach a lawyer until a claim is filed and you are contacted.  You can't prevent or from happening but in the event you do get sued, turn everything over to your insurance. The burden of proof will be on the other party. 