 I have a pro se federal lawsuit going in florida against a state agency. Assuming that it survives the defendants attempts to get it dismissed when does the litigation start. While I am perfectly content with dragging this out, I would much prefer they settle quickly, how would i initiate this. According to local rules the next step before the discovery is to sit both sides are suppose to sit down and see if we can settle this....is it possible to call the defense attorney's up and offer to settle it or should i mail them an official letter or just wait till the court order us to mediate.  I sent the agency some demand letters, but from their filing it appears they never made it to the AG office because the AG office never got any of the supporting documents.  's up and offer to settle it or should i mail them an official letter You can open settlement negotiations at any time. In fact, it's pretty common for them to occur even before suit is filed. You can do it by phone or in writing. Whatever floats your boat. BTW, it's customary for the person who initiates the negotiations to make the first demand or offer. You need to understand that as a pro se litigant you face an overwhelmingly uphill battle. You are expected to comply with federal rules of civil procedure even though you don’t have a lawyer. There is a high likelihood that you will screw up at some point, or just not understand what you need to do to move your case forward. Due to this, I don’t think the state agency is likely to initiate settlement discussions with you. Additionally, the party that broaches settlement is often at a disadvantage in a litigation because you appear desperate to settle. Best bet is to study the rules and the law that applies to your claim, figure out the evidence you need and gather it. Respond to all court deadlines and discovery deadlines in a timely manner. This will be a lot of work. Do this and then wait until the court orders mediation or the defendant comes to you. You can write whatever you want. I'm not going to sit here and write your correspondence, normally an attorney would bill that at a couple hundred an hour. You can write whatever you want there is no required format. The art of negotiation is something that good attorneys are constantly working to improve. if i mailed them the letter, do i just say out right, to avoid long and costly litigation i would like to settle this, please send me an offer? If you have filed the suit, then you are in litigation now. You are far less likely to be successful on your own than you would be with an attorney doing this.  Mistake #1 's up and offer to settle it Yes Sure if you want to wait, but discovery is likely going to occur before this happens, so buckle up for the hell that is discovery as a pro se litigant.