 Some friends and I think it would be a funny joke to put some (completely normal) pineapples on a former teacher’s yard, but a couple are questioning the legality of it. Said teacher’s home is not technically on private property, and we’re welcomed by the lot owners. Are there any charges that could be pressed against us for doing this? Are there any precautions we should take? A church where I grew up did the flocking thing with flamingoes. You could pay to flamingo someone. You could pay for flamingo removal before the scheduled time. You could even buy flocking insurance, which I found hilarious.  When I was in middle school a friend and I carved a smiley face into an old apple and stuck pencils in for arms and legs, then tossed “Apple Man” into a nearby classroom. The teacher interpreted our art as a threat to stab her (smiley face apple = teacher, pencils = knives) and so I was suspended for a couple days plus given manual labor around the school as punishment. What I’m saying is some people can’t take a joke so if you’re gonna prank someone just be prepared to take your medicine! As long as your teacher is unlikely to see this as a threat, it is also unlikely that you would be charged with a crime. The potential crimes would be trespassing, harassment if the teacher is upset, vandalism if you cause any damage, things along those lines. But for the most part, it just sounds like a silly, harmless prank. Especially if the teacher will understand it. What if you sent him a pineapple fruit basket instead? Safer all around and it makes sure he sees it instead of risking it being eaten or carried off before he ever does. If the teacher rents the land, it is very much private property, regardless of who the landlord is. And you are most assuredly not welcome on the land. This is likely considered low grade vandalism.  You could technically be charged with littering, mischief, etc. But I doubt the police would bother. Sorry, I’m not 100% positive of all the details; the land is owned by our alma mater, which in turn rents it to the teachers. We were always good students before we graduated and are intending on poking a bit of fun. I explained why a bit more further down in the thread Ok, so we had a running joke that pineapples were of the Illuminati because they “have triangles on them” (where? I don’t know) and this particular individual is the lead contributor to the reign of our gag Also this individual is a distinctly Caucasian southerner No, not planting them. Our climate wouldn’t support them. I literally mean going to Walmart, buying some pineapples, and setting them on the yard Like, are you planting them, or just dropping off a couple of pineapples on the guy's lawn? Because planting them would be a major PITA, and I heartily DO NOT recommend it. My husband grew pineapples until he got sick of them and had to put an ad on the internet to give them away for free. Why pineapples though? I’m curious because if they were Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, there’s the outside chance this could be considered racially motivated harassment and treated more seriously than the harmless prank it seems to be.  That sounds like a solidly harmless prank. Some girl scouts in Austin “flock” people for charity by putting a bunch plastic flamingos on their lawn. The key to this would be offering to help clean up after you place them. Maybe leave a note with a pineapple pun and a number to text for cleanup... or also offer to let them keep them... because yum.   How is this possible? If it's government-owned land that doesn't mean it's open to the public... you can't just go and put pineapples inside your state capital building. Off the top of my head, trespassing and littering. Would depend on location. For example, in California, Penal Code 374.3 makes illegal dumping on public and private property punishable by a fine up to $10,000. Also, pursuant to Section 117555 of the California health and Safety Code, a person who dumps illegally is punishable by up to six months on jail. Donate the pineapples to a food bank / homeless shelter so people can eat them. There are a number of "catch all" charges, such as mischief, that you could be charged with.