 I was wondering if there are any legal ways to go drifting. There are no clubs anywhere near me and there's only 1 track that I know of that allows drifting but is extremely expensive to rent for just me and a couple of buddies, I live in Wisconsin around the Columbia county area, are there any options to do this legally? Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. If you cant afford the track, cant afford the tickets, and dont have friends with connections then you need a new hobby. I enjoy cocaine but for the price they want i aint payin for that  Yeah that's why I'm asking I want to keep others safe and drifting isn't all too expensive I was just asking because the track I used to go to got shut down and I all ready have the car seat up Don't forget the effects on your insurance. Even one reckless driving ticket will have a sharp effect on your premiums. Then you need a less expensive hobby. Don't do it on public roads you may kill an innocent person. Well either way I'm broke af and can't go drifting and I've already tried to start a club but that flopped A 2nd offense of reckless driving within 4 years can net you a criminal record and up to a year in jail. Also, $800 to rent a track for a whole day is really cheap. It's actually more expensive to rent the track for a day because first offence is a $25 to $200 ticket and second offence is a $50 to $500 ticket and it's $800 to rent the track for a day Not as expensive as going to jail and getting sued. But it's also really damn expensive especially for just me and a few buddies pitching in Surprisingly I don't own a Honda Civic Not on public roads, no. You're required to drive with due care and attention, to refrain from excess speed, and to ensure that you maintain control of your vehicle at all times, and while you may feel that you have control during a sliding turn, traffic courts generally disagree. If you can't find a track, that sounds like a business opportunity to me. No legal way to do it on public roads. Yes. Find someone that owns a big patch of private land so you can practice and be in the next Fast and Furious with your Honda Civic.  Yea it's called a track.