 I have two part time jobs, both in retail. For the majority of my job, I am standing at the register and ringing people out. I usually work back to back shifts, and I have back issues from a car accident, so standing in one place all day long puts me in quite a bit of pain by the end of the day. My co-worker informed me that in California, your place of work must provide you with a chair if your work reasonably accommodates it. You don’t even need to have a doctors note. It also states that the chair must be suitable for your work. I usually just take a stool from one of the activities we offer and use that, even though it’s not quite high enough to actually ring people out, so I just end up sitting down for the payment process. Today, my new store leader took my stool because our district manager is going to be visiting. I don’t know how to bring this up. I don’t know if I need to contact corporate or HR or just my store manager? I don’t know if I need witnesses? I really don’t want them to start treating me badly because of this. I just want a damn chair for the hours that I have to stand in one place. I’ve seen employees from larger corporations sue and be successful. I don’t know if this is that extreme. What should my first step be? P.s. I’m sorry if this is the wrong place to post this. I’m at a loss for what to do right now.  You need a medical diagnosis from a doctor first. Then submit the paperwork to request reasonable medical accommodation. Most businesses in California have a duty to provide reasonable accommodations for their employees with known disabilities unless doing so would cause the employer an undue hardship. A reasonable accommodation is a change to an employee’s job duties or work environment that can help give them the ability to perform the essential functions of the position. Common examples of accommodations include: - Rearranging the employee’s work space to make it accessible for people with disabilities. - Permitting the employee time off to see a medical professional. - Permitting an employee to work from home. - Changing the time in which the duties of the employee’s position must be completed. - Allowing the employee to bring an assistive animal to the workplace In essence, these accommodations are usually reserved for people with disabilities who if properly accommodated can perform the essential functions of their job. You do not seem to have a disability, and you have no doctor's note saying that you need it during downtime. Retail employees also have standing for long periods built into their job description. My advice is to go see a doctor for a note saying you have to sit for 10 minutes every hour for the cessation of lower back pain. Submit that to HR and your supervisor (and of course make copies of everything). If after those steps are taken, and your supervisor decides not to accommodate you: - Try to resolve the dispute informally with the immediate supervisor or someone higher up the chain of command. - Contact the employer’s human resource representative or the person in charge of accommodation issues. - File a formal complaint against the employer with an administrative agency—or, if that doesn’t work out, file a lawsuit in court.  I asked for a stool and they told me to use that one. Now the new manager says that I can’t use one at all. You need to actually request the accommodation, you don't get to just grab a random stool and use it.