 I live in North Texas and recently was a victim of a property attack at night. A narcissistic drug felon threw a 25 pound stone through my bedroom window, so my question is as follows. Is one legally allowed to beat up, hit or subdue a masked property attacker, after he attacks or damages your property? Or, would I have been charged with disorderly conduct or an assault if I chased the masked attacker and hit him? Happy to help as best I can. I'll be back motherfuckers, just in a different form!! xD [removed] Thank you for your service Sir! No, I wasn't necessarily arguing. I would describe it as trying to have a discussion which seemed appropriate as this is a forum. I wasn't sycophantic to my repliers, if that's what you mean. There must be a lot of authoritatian, sadistic personalities on here, if my downvote count is anything to go by. I didn't even say the n-word or something like that. My God.  ? Are you sure you can't chase them down and use reasonable force in an effort to make a citizen's arrest? Fair question! No, I am not a Texas lawyer and this advice is worth only slightly more than you paid for it -- if you want greater certainty feel free to consult with a local lawyer. Hitting someone is not a normal part of a citizens arrest. 's no real legal defense to a masked attacker breaking your windows at night you might say. Indeed -- if a masked attacker is breaking your windows at night the best thing to do is to let the police investigate it. You seemed to be arguing with advice given to you, like they're wrong. Most of the responders here are lawyers or otherwise legal professionals, not random people. So coming to them asking for advice then questioning their advice as uneducated seems pretty, well, stupid. You seem like you're just mad you didn't get the answer you wanted to hear. And exactly what part of Reddit isn't hostile or full of people talking shit? I want to go to there.  That cut me to the quick. You're such a bully. I didn't know one has to be a lawyer to post here. I was just asking a genuine question. I thought reddit was against hate and bullying. posts on r/legaladvice gets legal advice "What are you, some kind of lawyer or somethin'?!" You are allowed to use force here in TX if you or your property are in immediate danger. If the threat is leaving, you cannot chase them down or use force against them anymore.  No. You can use force to stop them in the act, but if they turn and flee, you can't use force. What I will say is that "sufficient provocation" such as this is often a defense that would allow you to mitigate the crime you're charged with, for example if you killed them, it could be voluntary manslaughter instead of second degree murder, but it's totally not legal.  Are you lawyer or something? Are you sure you can't chase them down and use reasonable force to make a citizen's arrest? I'm pretty sure I read you can do that in Britain or Canada.  No. If the attacker is still posing a threat then possibly, but "after" they attack you do NOT have any right to attack. Yes. Perhaps charged with assault and then if they really like you allowed to plead to something less.