 I was involved in a 4-person accident today, where one girl simultaneously caused the crash of three other vehicles. Police officers cited her for being at fault. Although, I currently live in a no-fault state so that doesn't really matter. I'm currently deciding between: \- Paying my deductible with the understanding that my insurance company will pay for all of my repairs and my car rental. If they can determine the other driver is at fault, they MAY be able to reimburse my deductible. \- Not paying my deductible and taking this through the girl's insurance. All reimbursement from my insurance company is lost. While she's technically at fault, this isn't a true indicator that I'll receive reimbursement from her insurance company. What's the general rule of thumb here? Why would one choice be better than the other? Laws very by state but the made whole doctrine generally requires the carrier to reimburse the deductible to the insured when it Subrogation the loss.  Well... I pay an expensive insurance (about 2,000 EUR/year) to take care of everything for me whether it is my fault or not, so when it happens, I make my insurance work. Why pay for it otherwise? Only case I may not make it work is when it is my fault and damages are very light (it costs less than to involve the insurance). It is almost always best to use your own carrier. They will ensure the repairs are made and do the heavy work of subrogating. It costa the deductible, but this is recoverable from the at-fault party. Your rates do not change for using coverage. It is important here to note that four vehicles are damaged, and policies have limits. Let's say she carries 25k property damage coverage and four cars have 10k damage. That pays for two and a half cars to get fixed, not all four. The probability there will not be enough coverage for repairs goes up drastically when there are multiple cars involved.  Absent a statute, they can't subrogate the deductible. Subrogation only applies to what an insurer already paid, and since a deductible is money they don't pay, they can't recover it. I suppose it's possible that the carrier could accept an assignment of claim from OP (for her deductible amount, which the fault driver would have to pay) and use that to recover her deductible for her. But I've never heard of that happening. I agree with u/nclawyer822, if you have the means use your insurance because you pay them the big bucks to do the heavy lifting. And another good reason: I was hit by a drunk along with at least 7 other cars. I called his carrier the first thing Monday morning (12hrs later), and by the time they got to covering my claim, his insurance coverage limits had been met. (I was also the last car he hit for what it’s worth.) It’s a lot less hassle to go through your own carrier and let them Subrogation to get your deductible back. Whether that convenience is enough probably depends on he amount of your deductible. 