 I just found out today that my 22yo male neighbor was arrested under charges of possessing child pornography. I have reason to believe that he might possess images of me or my sisters as a children. I'm a 20yo female. His family and mine lived across the street and all my siblings and his played together often, and we'd go back and forth between each other's houses. He was two or three years older than I, so I hardly spent time with him, I played with his younger siblings. I distinctly remember he always tried to get me to play 'doctor' with him while I was 5-10yo but thought he was creepy and only agreed once and left when he wanted me to undress for him. I don't remember much. I played at their house often and occasion slept over with my siblings, and I wonder if he ever took pictures of me secretly or if he took pictures of me without my remembering. What I'm wondering if I should try to contact the police department that arrested him or someone else to ask if any images of me or my sisters were in his files. If there are images present, what should I do from there? Who do I contact? Is this even worthwhile to look into? I'm afraid that images of me are circulating online in pedophile circles without my knowledge. Thanks for your help You might contact the PD, perhaps there is a victim's advocate or similar. I don't think they will disclose anything, though- for one, your request may mean they have to search back through his images, a stressful job, and on little more strength than the description you give them or any photos of you from years back, and 'secretly taken' images are obviously impossible for you to describe. Naturally, they won't want to expose you to child abuse images, so you won't be able to confirm for yourself. You might give your connection to the case, and ask if any of the images had the appearance of secretly-taken photos in the neighbourhood. If it's any comfort, those images, if indeed they exist, mean a long spell in prison for simply possessing them- the 'rings' who trade in them are small, isolated and frequently decimated by law enforcement. The spread of such material is thankfully heavily curtailed, and any illegal images that are there will, I understand, be added as non-human-readable entries to a database that may identify anyone who does share them if the data is intercepted by law enforcement. I would reach out to the police and provide them with the information that you have just provided us, as you may be of assistance to their inquiry. If they feel you should be further involved or made aware of something, then you will be. 