 (Louisiana) our neighbor has a very large and old tree that's right next to the divide between our properties in the suburbs. Limbs have constantly fallen off if it during storm and broken our fencing and even hit our car. Is there any way we can make them remove or trim the tree or at the least get compensation if it causes significant damage to us? To trim the limbs on our side would be very costly and shift the weight towards their house. Get your own pictures of the tree and the situation. If the tree is near any power lines, you may be able to contact the power company who has SOME right of way because of the tree. I'll take your word for it  't compel him to remove the tree if he truly does not want to, but you can sue his insurance for any damages that you incur from his negligence towards proper maintenance of the tree. Technically OP would have no standing to sue the neighbor's insurance because the insurance company caused him no damages if the tree falls on his house or car. OP would sue the neighbor and then their insurance would be the one paying the damages. I would hate for OP to waste time and effort filing suit against the insurance company only to have it thrown out and having to start all over again correctly filing suit against the neighbor.  I would raise the concerns with your home insurance company. They can come out and take note of the situation with pictures.  And take pictures of the tree, too. Louisiana Civil Code article 2317.1: "The owner or custodian of the thing is answerable for damage occasioned by its ruin, vice, or defect, only upon a showing that he knew or, in the exercise of reasonable care, should have known of the ruin, vice or defect which caused the damage, that the damage could have been prevented by the exercise of reasonable care, and that he failed to exercise such reasonable care." Sounds like you can't compel him to remove the tree if he truly does not want to, but you can sue his insurance for any damages that you incur from his negligence towards proper maintenance of the tree. Source [] Send certified mail to the neighbor stating your concerns concerning the tree in question and that you want them to remove the tree. Keep a copy of this letter along with the certified mail receipt, this will be evidence that you can use in civil court to prove that your neighbor knew of the dangerous status of the tree.  Generally you are permitted to trim anything that encroaches onto your property as long as it does not seriously damage or kill the infringing vegetation. Neighbor does not have to pay for this, but may potentially be responsible for damages (this is circumstance-dependent).