 I currently have joint legal and physical custody. I moved about 10 miles away from my old residence. I’m still in the same county and our child doesn’t start school till next year. I lost my old job because the plant closed down. I got a new job and it was a little more difficult for me to keep up with the schedule. However I always made sure to talk to her father and made sure it was okay and he seemed very understanding at first. He even suggested to change the schedule so that it can be more convenient with my new work schedule..Typically he drops and picks her up but he recently lost his car and so he asked me to help him out and so I did. I’d Uber Him and his Gf to drop/pick up or sometimes my dad would offer since I don’t drive. I had revealed I was pregnant(with my new partner ) and once the baby arrived he turned around. Now we hadn’t updated our new schedules through court yet since we had no rush but we should have. He was aware that I moved out of my parents house ,but because he didn’t have a car sometimes i just have him drop her off with my mom since it’s just a couple minutes away from his house then come to my new home. I’m on maternity leave and I can’t always afford to Uber back and forth. And I’d take the bus but because I have a newborn it’s more difficult. And for years my parents have watched our daughter while I work and out of the blue he decided he will not hand her over to them if they don’t have a copy of the court order. And they must have it on them at all times. He warned them he will read it every time to make sure it’s the correct one. And if they don’t carry or forget the papers he will call the county. I asked if he could drop her off at my new home, and he said it’s not his obligation. On our court papers he’s responsible for dropping off and picking her up from my residence. He has threatened me by saying I HAVE to be at the old address! And I cannot move without his permission. That I have to go to court and ask the judge for permission and explain why. I’m in the process of updating my address with the dmv and soon with the court. Does that mean I must be at that address until the new papers are filed?  You should speak to an attorney, most offer free consultations. If you and your ex don’t agree on you relocating then this has to be addressed with the court as part of your custody agreement. I don’t see 10 miles being something that would pose a problem normally. See below for more information. 