 Me and ex boyfriend gets into argument in a hotel room. Forcefully grabs me and tries to push me out of door. Stops, then grabs me forcefully after many times telling him to stop. Punches mirror. Refuses to leave my car, then threatens to ruin my life and damage my car. I call the police for him to get out, he punches my side mirror and leaves the scene. I escape to my apartment where he follows me and slashes two tires, hours later slashed another tire and steals my jack after a failed attempts with trying to get back together. What will happen to him since he is in the army in regards to him slashing my tires? Should I follow through with an assault charge on him or will it be a waste of time because of he said-she said? Thank you.  How do I contact his chain of command?  Contact his chain of command ( Commander/ 1SGT) and inform them of what this soldier has done. you should definitely press charges. He will likely be ordered to stay the hell away from you. He may get UCMJ punishment as well i.e. Ar 15. if fail to take action, all you do is leave yourself wide open for his next episode of bad behavior.  If you present sufficient evidence to the right people (his commander and supervisor), they can have him out on his ass in a week or less. It may take longer, since assault charges might warrant additional punitive action.  The first thing you need to do is to get an order of protection if you haven’t yet. Your safety is most important. You need to make sure he’s charged with assault and the various charges for vandalism and destruction of property. He’s likely to get in a lot of trouble with the Army.  It could take a few weeks, few months, it could take a year or more (depends on the location, how busy people are, etc., I think?). I'm not sure if the recordings could be used in court, because unless you're in a one-party state (where you don't have to have permission of the other party to record), it might be bad? But the lawyer would help, or the police could tell you more. I'm sorry I'm not much more help with this! But this guy deserves to be put in jail. He could seriously hurt someone, if he is unable to get to you. Do you have any idea on how long the trials may take? I forgot to mention I recorded him saying he will ruin my life and threatening to damage my car  Follow through on assault charges. The tires, the side mirror, and the calls to police should get you proof. As for him, most likely court martialed and probably dishonorably discharged. Which is good.