 I’m based in Melbourne. Got in touch with this guy on gumtree for a flatshare and on the day I was supposed to move in, he texts me saying I can’t move in for another two weeks because his current tenant ran into some visa issues. Bummer, I wasn’t expecting to find another place on such short notice but, okay, I guess I understood, and I managed to make arrangements for the two weeks before I got to move in. I secured the place by putting down a deposit of $210. Two weeks pass, I text the landlord to make sure everything is in order and he says I can move in on the 24th of December. I asked when, and he said he’d be home all day, so when I suggest that morning, he turns on his word and says that’s no good. Well I was busy for the rest of that day so I ask if I can move on Xmas day instead and he says he’d be losing a day of rent if he let me do that. I politely ask for my deposit back because it sounded like things were not going to work out, but my messages were ignored. I finally hit him with: “Alright, then what if I cancel my appointments for the 24th and just move in when YOU’RE available.” I have not received a response from him since and he’s updated his posting saying that the room is now available for a new tenant so I know he hasn’t died. Got a friend to call him as well, and he hung up on him the moment money was brought up. The deposit I paid him was sent to his bank account and I’ve got text history to corroborate my story. It should have been a red flag when he didn’t want to write up a contract. So I don’t have a paper trail of this, but what course of action can I take to at least get my deposit back? TL;DR- landlord scams me of my deposit and is in the wind. What are my rights here? Thanks, will post there! Try r/AusLegal Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.