 Throwaway just cause I dont want it on main. Location:Alabama To keep it simple, I found a folder on my Uncle's computer that had about 100 or so pictures in it. All of these pictures were photos of girls probably around the age of 5-12 all in sexual poses. None of them were actually nude, but they were in very revealing clothing. Does this count as child Porn that I can report to someone? Report it to police and Child Protective Services.  Report it, but let the cops determine it's legality. Even if the minors pictures are not outright nude, they may consider it CP and if there are any records (chat logs, video, etc) showing the context of HOW or WHY he obtained these pictures or where he got them from, only then can investigators determine if it could be considered CP or not. Make sure that you're able to maintain anonymity when/if you report it to the police. If your family has drama and you want to stay out of the spotlight, you can report it yourself anonymously and not tell a soul. This way, it'll be investigated and if it's nothing then it'll be dropped and if it's something then the professional will know what happens next. I would report it to the police and not involve your family. The police will decide if anything is illegal.  Could well be child porn. Don't post examples! Call the cops. One of the issues in these cases is not only if it's porn, but if uncle has been involved in abuse of underage girls. None of us here can say for sure but I'd highly recommend you telling your parents about what you found first. If they don't respond appropriately you could call the police. Even if it's not illegal you need to put this on the families radar. They need to know he's looking at this stuff so they make sure he doesn't have a chance to hurt anyone. I'm 15. I'm asking here because if it's not illegal I dont want to say anything. I wont bore you with family drama but this will cause way too many issues if I say anything and it wont land any legal issues. How old are you OP? If you're under 18 bring this to your parents first. It might. You could always just report it and let the authorities determine their legality. 