 My inspection expired in January and I was pulled over last week by a cop on my local college. I’ve been really busy with work/school and the passing of my grandfather in January so I simply didn’t have time to get the inspection. After receiving the ticket I got my inspection done within a couple days after the ticket. The officer that pulled me over told me that I could get a plea deal so that the ticket wouldn’t count as a conviction but I’m not sure what option I choose for that to happen. My ticket only shows options to plead guilty or not guilty by mail but I thought I was supposed to appear in court. If I choose not guilty does that mean I have to go to trial and attempt to fight the ticket? Because my inspection was in fact up so I don’t see that I have a leg to stand on there but if I plead guilty don’t they just then send me a charge by mail and I’m required to pay that? I’ve never had to answer to a ticket before so I’m not sure how I should proceed. Any help would be greatly appreciated.  You do need to mail the ticket in first. Showing up to the traffic court with it counts.  On the ticket it says return by mail before, or in person on 3/4/19. I was hoping to do it this week while I’m off but I’m guessing that isn’t possible. Am I supposed to mail in a plea and then show up on 3/4? Or do I show up not having done anything yet on that date? I read online that courts most likely won’t be expecting you in person unless you have answered your ticket beforehand in some fashion Usually it is on a certain day or days of the week. You can call the court and ask when traffic court is. Most of your time at the courthouse will be spent waiting, then you will have a chance to briefly speak with the judge and explain the situation. Bring your evidence, be very polite and respectful and dress nicely. You do not need to get a lawyer.  Might be a dumb question but is your court date given to you and locked in? I always thought you could schedule it yourself  If you appear in court with the evidence that you got your car inspected a couple days after your ticket, you have a good chance of getting it dropped entirely or lowered to a lesser violation. You can also plead by mail, but for best results, I would physically show up. Source: have been in similar situations in the same area more than I’d care to admit 