 I worked in a salon and put in my two weeks to pursue other opportunities in the beauty field however my boss did not like this and immediately fired me and threatened litigation because she claims I signed an NDA (Not a non compete she specifically said NDA) and it would prevent me from working in the field somewhere else and I can’t take any of my clients. I was very careful (IMO) and let my clients know I was leaving and if they’d like to stay in touch to find me on social media but she claims these clients are clients of the business per the supposed NDA. I asked for a copy because I do not remember signing such a thing and she hasn’t produced a copy yet. I’m assuming it’s a scare tactic but how enforceable are NDA if I did indeed sign one? I figured because I did not take any actual client information and clients have gotten in touch with me themselves outside of the work place if I did in fact sign an nda would this be a breach of such a contract?  Oregon. It’s a non disclosure provision btw.  Even if you signed a non compete, she’d have to sue to enforce and majority of states disfavor those unless specific criteria are met What state are you in? If you were paid hourly, then a non compete clause in a document is illegal in Oregon. Non compete contracts. are incredible hard to enforce. Almost impossible. Most states are “right to work” and no one can prevent you from doing so. The time that non compete clauses are enforceable is when you’ve been paid a sum of money to ‘not work’. meaning you were paid enough money to live without work so you wouldn’t compete. if this is a salon, it’s just a scare tactic. ignore it. if you’re concerned, post the doc here. people use legal threats all the time. most of the time the person has no idea what they are talking about. I  Yep. But your boss can still make your life difficult if you signed it and clients follow you. I doubt it will be enough that they want to sue you over it (costs money they may not win) but it’s a non zero chance if they think you are telling people where you are going or how to follow you.  Seems like that would be pretty hard to prove. Before I was ousted my boss said I could tell people I was leaving but not where I was going.  Well obviously if they really did sign an agreement then they would be breaking that agreement by telling clients they are leaving but OP said they didn’t sign anything  In an industry like beauty though it is fairly enforceable. Like telling people where you are going or how to search you out is generally frowned upon as it’s taking customers. If you didn’t sign it you are fine. But if you did I would worry a bit as your boss has a leg to stand on.  Unless there are non-compete clauses in that document you are free to do as you please, including poaching clients. Then chances are you never did sign anything. I wouldn’t worry too much. She was probably retaliating because you were quitting No. And I think I would remember signing something like that. It’s a non disclosure. I have a copy of the one she has had people sign in the past but I think it’s a relatively new thing to her business.  NDA agreements can have non compete disclosures in them. NDAs are non disclosure acts and typically are to protect companies from employees stealing trade secrets, software, client contacts and so on. However if she is not producing a copy she might just be blowing smoke. Do you remember signing anything when you first started? Non-disclosures and non-competes are different things. Ask her to produce a copy of this non-disclosure. You haven't provided your location, but many non-competes are generally uninforceable when dealing with someone's livelyhood. 