 Hi - I just received a vaccine from a retail pharmacy for my upcoming travels. I needed a tetanus booster which is the Td vaccine. When I left, I noticed all the paperwork showed I was given the Tdap vaccine (tetanus/diphtheria/pertussis). I have already had one dose of the Tdap in childhood, and it is recommended to ONLY have one dose of it. I'm a little upset that pertussis was put into my body without my consent...it definitely has a lot of risks and receiving an unnecessary 2nd dose of it for NO reason is very frustrating. Who knows what the overall effects of receiving an extra amount is... Obviously, this was an error on their part -- so what do I do about it? Do I just tell them about it, and that's it? Is there any legal action I need to take? Do I need to contact the retail store at corporate?  Whoops. Thanks.  I think you meant to direct this comment to the OP.  The Immunization Action Coalition's instructions for administering vaccines to adults notes: . --[Source](http://www.immunize.org/catg.d/p3078.pdf) (see step 5) This seems to be pretty standard advice. It's not that administering Tdap a second time is somehow wrong or harmful, or that the CDC or anybody else says "do not give a second dose"; it's just not seen as necessary if you are sure that the patient has been vaccinated for all three (tetanus, diphtheria, pertussis) as an adolescent or adult. (If you are not sure, both CDC and IAC recommend giving Tdap.) I'd start with the pharmacist: did they have a reason for using Tdap instead of Td? Was it actually a mistake on their part, or a decision they made deliberately? There is a big difference between the CDC not recommending a adult Tdap booster (meaning it isn’t required to maintain resistance) and thinking there could be an adverse reaction to having an extra Tdap shot. I’ve had at least two Tdap shots as an adult. When I went to law school I got ALL my vaccines re administered (all on the same day-like three to four shots in each arm)because I did have my vaccine records and it was the easiest way to get to registered ASAP. Then my child got whooping cough (a year before his 12 year old booster shot) and per doctor recommendation wife and I got Tdap again. I’m fine and you will be too.  Well MD is in the title [CDC actually recommends FIVE doses of tdap for children](), not one. That doesn't necessarily mean that only one dose left you undervaccinated (depends on the timing of the dose you received), but your information is incorrect. Unless you had some sort of reaction, you don't have any legal recourse. You can report it to corporate if you'd like since you received something other than what you asked for, but that is about it. The above linked CDC fact sheet also shows that they recommend that women get the tdap vaccine with each pregnancy. An additional dose of the tdap isn't going to cause you any harm unless you have a particular sensitivity to it.  Possible Tdap side effects are relatively mild, it’s also an inactive vaccine so if you have any immune system problems it won’t hurt. The only reasons a single dose is recommended is that data shows there is no benefit and there has not been enough research into multiple dosing as a consequence. You are very unlikely to have any damages and also find it difficult to prove it was the vaccine if you do.  indicates the current recommendation is an adult dose of Tdap, in addition to the childhood dose, and in lieu of one of the TD boosters. OP indicates no prior adult dose. Yepppp you're right. I'm putting down Reddit until the morning. Or at least this sub I doubt it will do serious harm but that's not what the CDC says  Um - that document you linked to indicates that the booster should be TD not Tdap. Has an actual medical doctor told you that you're at any risk? I'm pretty sure Tdap is the norm. You're supposed to get a booster every ten years according to the CDC.  That's why you dont get vaccines at Walgreens  That’s standard procedure for adults. Nothing to worry about. Have a nice trip!