 Tonight the police pulled up on me and my friend while we were smoking pot. It was dark out and we were able to get all the weed out of the car. We backed away from that spot and stopped to talk to officer friendly. Two officers approached the car. One immediately asked us “where’s the weed?” Of course I asked him “what weed?” So they asked us to step out of the car while they ran our names. They found paraphernalia and my handgun in the car. After one of the officers just started digging through my car. Immediately I asked him why he was searching my vehicle and he ignored me. I asked his partner why the car was being searched to which I received no answer. On asking the third time I was told the car smelled like weed. While he was leaned in the car door flung open and him being all in the car. Was this search legal? I immediately challenged him when I saw what he was doing. Denying my car had any odor while allowing him to continue. He eventually put us in cuffs and told us he could charge us with armed possession of narcotics. He eventually let us go without writing anything up. Was that because he was worried about the legality of his search? I’m sorry if this is the wrong sub, I’m just incredibly curious. I’m pretty sound on criminal procedural law and just wanted to know if he jumped the gun on the search and realized that he messed up?  You should delete this post and be thankful the cop didn’t royally fuck up your life.  How often do you drive a car under the influence of marijuana? Still federally illegal. Even if you are in a legal state, don't smoke while driving or right before driving.  It was a Christmas gift, I never had to sign any paper work.   It's actually a felony for you to be in possession of it and it's 100% illegal. You're a habitual drug user under federal law and cannot possess a firearm. As I said, if the cop wanted to, he easily could have taken the gun and charged you accordingly. This would be catastrophic for you because there aren't a ton of great defenses, especially after he photographed all of the small bits of weed in your car. It doesn't matter why he cut you lose. Maybe he was a huge pro-2A person and has a political bent, was called away to a more serious charge, etc. Doesn't change the fact that he could have charged you with something that carries with it a possible 10 year sentence. It's illegal for a user of marijuana to own/possess a firearm. If the firearm was purchased from a FFL you attested and signed that you do not use marijuana or any other illegal drugs.  Just for future reference, firearms and illegal drugs don't mix at the federal level, with no exceptions even for medical marijuana users. If you're an illegal drug user according to federal law, you are prohibited from possessing a firearm. []() It wasn’t the side of the road and I wasn’t screaming. I was respectful and well mannered maybe that helped. It was private land that we fish at all the time where this occurred. the firearm was locked in a case and registered to me. Which is legal in Florida. The firearm itself wasn’t illegal in any form. With his search turning up paraphernalia I was wondering why he would have cut us loose. As for the search I just couldn’t think of any other reason why he would have let us go. Huge wake up call, I’m not smoking pot unless I’m in a legal state from here on out.  Challenging a search requires a court filing, not a screaming question on the side of the road. You do know that your car 100% smelled like weed, right? You were smoking weed in the car a few seconds before the stop. I have no idea why a cop I've never met decided not to write anything up relating to a search that was likely legal. He easily could have arrested you for the firearm and gone from there. Appreciate that your life is on track to get materially worse and if this stop went even slightly differently the next 30 years of your life would look very, very different. The smell of marijuana gives the police probable cause for a search. Since you concede you were smoking, I assume you agree he probably could smell it.