 Good evening and happy New Years, not so happy on my end. Long story short, I was talking to this guy to be my potential sugar daddy, we went on a date we hit it off I ended up giving him a blow job in the car and then went home, fast forward a couple of days he started getting overly clingy and weird and I just wanted to get rid of him, so I told him nicely that it won’t work out. He then proceeded to tell me if I don’t sleep with him he will send the nudes I sent him to my family and screenshot of our conversations to all of them, sent me screenshots of my family’s facebooks, my Instagram followers and phone numbers, and he then showed me that he recorded me with my consent me giving him the bj and told me he will be sending all this if I don’t agree to be with him. I went to two different police stations with the threats and screenshots and they were no help at all!!! Told me that they can’t do anything till he exposes me ( wtf??? ) so I am wondering What my next step should be. Please help me! I am currently in New Jersey and I can not afford for my fresh foreign off the boat family see me sucking dick, they will disown me for good. ( PS I have multiple screenshots of him saying he’s gonna ruin my life and that he won’t get in trouble because he has a lot of money) That’s straight up prostitution  Don’t comment on the situation when you have no idea why I did it. I was offered allowance of 600$ a week to pay my hospital bills and schooling. You tried it though.  Hard to feel bad for a women that sold her own ass for a Gucci bag  Maybe OP shouldn't have been a dumb, skanky whore, then she wouldn't be in this predicament Well, you could always blackmail him back. He clearly thinks he has the upper hand but he doesn't. The worst thing that can happen for you is your family finds out you were a sugar baby. That would suck, but in the end they'll still love you and it won't fundamentally change your life. However, you can ruin his life. You think his employers wouldn't be concerned about this behavior? You have so much power. You could blackmail him, and probably for a lot of money. After all, putting 20k in a briefcase and giving it to someone is a lot cheaper than being fired and disgraced and becoming unemployable, esp if you were in a high paying position. I'm so sorry that this was how you were treated. That's not okay. Did you tell them that he took video of you without your consent during a sex act? I thought that was a crime even if he didn't show anyone. It’s quite clear what I want from the situation... not getting blackmailed lol and no that defeats the purpose of my family not knowing about this  IDK what you want out of the situation. BUT. You could put him on blast on social media. He would almost certainly get fired from his job. this isn’t legal advice. Why are you Shopping for a Sugar Daddy? Get a damn job. Ugh. Try the sheriffs department Yes I have, they basically looked at me like I was just some whore with an unfortunate outcome Not sure if there is one where you live, but some cities or states have a sex crimes division, which should take your case more seriously. They are specifically trained to understand and help these situations where normal police may have no idea what they are talking about. If that isn't an option, then follow the other commenters advice. Call RAINN, the free anonymous hotline for sexual assault. Ask for local legal organizations who could help you  After reading it I was under the impression that the restraining order prohibits the reliever from posting or sending the porn to cause damage.  Realistically it wouldn't. But it would give OP more leverage in a follow up lawsuit in the event he does follow through with his threats.  How would that prevent the guy from sending all that photos and texts to her family though?  !!! Told me that they can’t do anything till he exposes me From the original post: !!! Told me that they can’t do anything till he exposes me  And this is why being a hooker is bad  Ask to speak to someone higher up in the station when you walk in. Sorry you're in this situation, it sounds like they're fobbing you off with excuses to avoid doing their jobs. There are multiple crimes here, you should escalate it with the police, ask to speak to a different officer. This is blackmail, (threatened) revenge porn, harassment and attempted rape. Just to clarify, you reported this twice and nothing was done about it? Good read. Sounds like OP can try for a restraining order.  Yeah. Or Ask to speak with a Sergeant or Lieutenant instead of just the officer who is clearly not taking you seriously What do you mean by that, exactly? Found some good info online regarding revenge porn laws in NJ here:  I’ve tried two different towns already with that excuse, should I get a lawyer ?  You cannot buy silence, you can only rent it. Go to the police – you are being blackmailed. I just want to add something unrelated. Ladies, if you're looking for a sugar baby, my line is open. 😌 