 Kind of freaked out right now. My husband just called me from his cell saying he was being arrested for DUI. This is all the information I have right now and have no experience with this type of thing. While I am extremely angry at my spouse I am also at a loss as to what to do now. What are the next steps?  The jail staff should be able to tell you whether he is going to be able to bail out tonight or will have to see the judge in the morning (or Wednesday). Getting released tonight is almost certainly going to cost a chunk of money; depending on his situation and record, he may be able to convince the judge to let him out on his own recognizance or for less money.  Wait for him to get arraigned, and then go pick his dumb ass up, pay his bail, and pick his car up from the impound (if it was impounded). After that he should do whatever his lawyer tells him to do. Yes. We will get a lawyer but I meant in the more immediate future. All I seem to be able to do now if wait for him to call me after he sees the magistrate and I feel frustrated and helpless.  Besides getting a lawyer who does lots of DUI cases, prepare for a significant financial hit. Lawyer will be expensive. There will be court costs and fines. It is very likely that that his license will be suspended for at least some time. Vehicle insurance going forward will cost multiples of what it cost before the DUI. At a minimum he will probably be required not to drink at all for a period of time. If that will be an issue for him, he should consider substance abuse treatment. Depending on his profession his job may be in jeopardy. Depending on where you live there may be predatory websites that publish booking photos and charge money to take them down. If you don’t pay that extortion he may have a problem if/when people google him. There are probably more things that can or will happen, but that’s a start.  Hiring a lawyer seems obvious Start saving money. Lawyer is non-optional. Get a lawyer, one that specializes in DUIs preferably.