 We've all been friend-zoned before. It's a way of life. Friend-zones are usually uninteresting or just sad stories.. But ladies and gentlemen, I'm here today to tell you about my 14 year escape from the friendzone. It all started in primary school, I was about 5. And a new girl had joined our class, when I first saw her I was like "damn she gonna be thicc" and guys. She is. -- Back on track , so she joined our class and I felt a connection to her, it wasn't a normal feeling, I could tell she was special. Let's fast forward a few years, we're in our last few years of primary school, we've all become great friends over the 6 years we knew eachother, and I still had a crush on that girl who joined our class a few years back. I was so close to telling her so many times, but maybe because I was shy .. or because I had a receding hairline at the age of 10 .. I didn't. Fast forward another few years and this girl is still in my thoughts, I really don't think I can express how much I liked this girl, you could name any actress, any model, any pornstar, i'd have chosen her over any of them. So I grew a pair of balls, grew a fringe, covered my awful hairline and asked her out.. FRIENDZONED. The classic "I've known you for too long to be anything" talk. Feelsvladman. So we continued to be friends, talked on and off, and I still kept thinking about her, I just really wanted her to be mine I guess. We didn't really ever hang out, but whenever we did see each other we were always close and had good conversations. This kept going on for years to come, I had a the biggest ever crush on her, my hairline kept getting worse, all the other guys loved her, I was on a bloody strict time schedule here. Until a few nights ago, approx. 14 years after meeting her. Somehow I finally broke the friendzone, my first friend from the primary school I mentioned earlier was having his 18th birthday, and we both were invited. I went to the party with no intention of anything, I've lost hope pretty much after all the years that had passed. We both had vodka mix's to drink that night, and out of nowhere from behind she wraps her arms around me and rests her chin on my neck, I was like "oh god not this" cause I thought it was a different girl who kind of has a thing for me I guess, but it wasn't.. It was the girl from 14 years ago that I was so crazy about. I won't kiss and tell, but that night I escaped the friendzone. 14 years of trying, 14 years of hopelessness, and one night of .. well, the magic of alcohol. But seriously, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, don't give up, 14 years later - and you might find yourself with your arms wrapped around that one person you never imagined to be with.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): The fuck. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. How is this legal advice tho? I think you're lost.  r/lostredditotrs