 So, I am in a harassment situation, with a relative. Sometime in the last 24 hours, they put money into my bank account under the guise of wanting to help me. It is meant as an intrusive act. They have the wire transfer information from a past time when I unfortunately had to ask them for money (the situation is and was serious). I had absolutely no communication with them for this transfer. It is a power move on their part. Help me understand the situation legally. Thanks. While legally defensible, I'd abstain from the issue completely. But I acknowledge that is a matter of personal style. But your point is well made.  I advocate using the money on such things as paying legal fees for getting an order of protection and related costs, once it is clear that the harasser is not going to try reversing it. Because as far as the law is concerned, that's a gift. I'd reccomend cutting all contact and moving your money to a new bank. So much bad advice here. I'm a bank fraud investigator. The wire can be recalled at any time for fraud, and all the funds remaining in your account(s) can be used to fulfill that request if a transfer link can be established. Your relative sounds like an asshole who would do this. Go to your bank, tell them you were not expecting the funds and you want it rejected/returned. Unless your bank is incompetent, they can do this. You will then want to CLOSE your account and open a new one. The reason being that when an account transfer happens, it directs ACHs (another transfer method) that were sent to the closed account number to the new account. Good luck. I would talk to r/scams about the wire transfer and the possibility of the sender reversing it. Iirc if it's deemed fraudulent you may be on the hook for bank fees. I would advise not to spend the money. Talk to your bank and see if you can get a new account number, move your funds, return the transfer, and close the original account. Just block them, create a new bank account. Transfer your money. Enjoy your free money.  So you advocate keeping the money?  As long as you include '3. repeat' because that's the likely outcome here. Stalkers want a reaction, OP is better off and safer not reacting at all. Should I have numbered that?  Returning the money is communication. I can't see any way that giving you money contributes to a legal finding that you might be incompetent. If you don't feel comfortable keeping the money, write a cheque and return it, or contact your bank and ask if there's a way to refuse the transfer. It's extremely rare for third-party harassment to have any bearing on contract liability. If you have unpaid bills, whether it's because your relative harassed you or not, you and you alone are responsible for getting them paid. If you don't trust your landlord, the only effective long-term solution is to move, as soon as you can safely do so. There's a very real chance your landlord will move to terminate your tenancy if they feel you are inappropriately grateful for this money, and because it's their home, they'll win that. You'd be owed notice, but not much else. Wait about a month. If they don't reverse the transfer or dispute it in that time frame, close your bank account and open a new one. Same bank, same everything, just new numbers so that they can do that again. If they ask about it, tell them you never received it. Hell, go ahead and tell them that you closed out that account. - Realistically, if they don't dispute the transfer right away, then the money is pretty much yours as a gift and the only leverage it gives them is what you will allow it to. Thank you for the reply. Here's a closer look into the situation, because there may be an "agreement" they can leverage, I'm not sure... I am living in the relative's house. Originally, harassment from them kept me from paying my bills a while back. So I ended up here. I am collecting evidence to prove that case if I have to down the line. But, this person is trying to paint the situation as "my relative is incompetent. He is the harasser and he is A) taking advantage of me B) possibly an abuser and harasser? That's the narrative they are building essentially. There's also a chance they will get litigious with it as well, because they are awae that I might pursue that avenue. Does that change this wire transfer situation or not?  Did the relative inform you that they were transferring the money to you? Did they say why? Do you have this documented? Or this is a relationship question, as I can’t see any laws broken. Return the money. Cut off communications.  Enjoy your gift.