 Got into a pretty big blow out with my boss last week because I’ve been feeling pretty frustrated - was given a title in name only and excess responsibility with no pay increase. This has been emotionally, mentally and physically taxing as I imagine some of you can understand. Ultimately though, was I out of turn? Yes. I apologized, thought it was quashed, but there has still been tension. The other day I got a text saying my “job was on the line” due to my “attitude” affecting him. It’s been a stressful few months - I wasn’t qualified for this new position and never claimed to be. I’ve made plenty of mistakes and am the first to say so. On top of that, in the summer the “owner” of the restaurant who mostly shows up occasionally and peacocks around then thankfully dips, called me up to ask if I would be interested in making some extra cash by way of “hanging out” with a friend of hers... while in sexy lingerie... while he pleasures himself. At the time I was so happy at this job I didn’t know what to do and didn’t tell my manager but did tell other coworkers, knowing it would get back to him. It did, he pretended to care and that he would do something about it, but has yet to. The guy still comes in and a few weeks ago I even had to serve him and his wife. So this week’s schedule came out and my best shift got taken away. I’m. Pissed. My options are to grovel... or...? Would his soliciting the OP for sex count as sex-based discrimination and/or sexual harassment? If yes and the OP were fired, they might be able to sue. Or if yes the OP might be able to report it up the chain of command and then their supervisor could be reprimanded and/or the OP could be changed to report to someone else.  If you’re in the US, you can most likely be fired for any reason at all, even if your attitude was perfect. Having solicited you for illegal activities is a separate issue. You could try reporting that to the police if you want, but it won’t keep the job for you.  Sorry, I know literally nothing about anything so I guess I was kind of looking for general assessment of if I should pursue legal action as this feels deeply unfair, to me.  What’s the specific legal question? 