 Trying to talk some sense into him is a waste of time which is why I'm looking at other options. My father is 75, my brother is 40, I think. See we don't talk that often so I don't want to rely on him to be fair and just. Especially since I'm significantly younger than him at 23. He was born out of wedlock and I wasn't. He also lives in America and my father and I don't. He always says that everything will go to my mother and if she's not around, my brother and I will split everything in half. However, there is no physical evidence to support his wishes. He isn't mentally ill but he does have a few health complaints. He suffered a two minor heart attacks, he has low sugar, high blood pressure. Just regular elderly folk issues. However he makes a big issue about these things. He's essentially a hermit, he only leaves his bed to bathe, use the bathroom, maybe get food in the kitchen (he usually ask someone to bring it for him.) He only leaves the house to go to the doctor to get meds or checked up. He always says he's too sick to do something he could very obviously do. For example, if he just pass in the kitchen for something and you're there microwaving his lunch and you ask him to just wait a bit for it so he can take it with him. He'll say he too sick or dizzy. Once an ambulance came because of his last minor heart attack, he's on the bed and they ask him if he could move so he can walk outside to get on the stretcher as it couldn't properly fit in the room he was in. He made a whole fuss and they had to coax him to leave which he did very well. I spoke to some friends about this and they suggested to try and make a video with him saying these things but upon further research, I've come to realize that it may not be valid. So what can I do?  Thanks. Looks like I gotta sit and wait it out. I'm not 100% sure but I doubt it since his mother changed his last name to her's when he was younger. Here's a [PDF](http://www.ttparliament.org/legislations/a2000-28.pdf) that has the actual relevant laws. [This is a more user-friendly summary.](http://martingeorge.net/archives/2165) Is your father's name on your brother's birth certificate? Is there any legal documentation that states who your brother's father is? 'm from Trinidad and Tobago. It's doubtful someone on here will be familiar with Trinidad and Tobago inheritance law. You should consult a local lawyer to see what your options are. Trinidad and Tobago.  's not around, my brother and I will split everything in half. However, there is no physical evidence to support his wishes. What do you mean "physical evidence"? When someone dies without a will it's call dying intestate. How the estate is distributed depends on the laws of your state, province, etc. So where are you located (or where is your father located)?