 Hi! (This is my first ever reddit post so I apologize for any mistakes) My husband and I found out recently that his license has been suspended in the state of Virginia for over a year due to failing to provide proof of insurance on one of our vehicles, despite the fact that we have had no lapse in coverage at any point. We've moved around quite a bit and never received the notice. After calling the DMV several times and providing proof of insurance for the time in question and military orders (papers say "administrative hearing requests must be made within 180 days of notice, unless person is active duty"), they are still saying that there's no way around paying the $145 reinstatement fee in order to remove the suspension, even though we were never in the wrong to begin with. Do we have to resolve this litigously or is there any one else we can contact to get this erased? Is it even possible to fight this? Not sure if it makes a difference, but he also currently has an Illinois license due to being military. Thank you in advance for any help!  Thank you for the reply, it's not what I wanted to hear, but probably what I needed. Enjoy your freedom from the DMV :D No, there is absolutely no way to get around paying the $145. It appears that they have already waived the $500 uninsured motorist fee, but I can promise you that you will have to pay the $145. I know it's not fair since you never had a lapse in coverage. But legally DMV is not in the wrong. When you move it is your job to update your address with DMV, inform DMV you are moving, and turn in your license plates. If that was not done then DMV would have no of knowing that you moved, and so when they received notification that your vehicle was not insured in Virginia they automatically send out letters. If those letters go ignored then the suspension is put into place. If you have a valid explanation and can provide proof the $500 can be waived. But since the suspension order went into effect the $145 will always have to be paid. \-Happy former DMV employee for four years. (Happy because the place is hell.)   No and it's gonna cost you a hell of a lot more than $145 to get that no from a court. You could presumably contact the DMV with $145. 