 The father of my child has been in and out of his life. When we split he took 3 months off from being a father and had to be constantly reminded that he has a son. Gets new gf wants to be father of the year. So he started regularly seeing our son every other weekend but it was still spotty sometimes going a week or two without even texting. There's no established paternity, no court orders for visitation, no child support etc. I let him have our son for a week of visitation because he had vacation time off of work. He refused to give my child back and filed for emergency custody was denied made false allegations to my living conditions. Cops won't help me take my son back because CPS is involved they said it's a civilian l matter and they don't get involved in those. It's been 2 months. I have custody pretrail tomorrow. Is it a good idea to ask the judge for a paternity test? I just want my son back. cPS has visited found nothing wrong. Have to wait for her to come back with release forms for me and my fiance to sign so she can access medical records, counseling records etc. As I said though court is on the 2nd. And I just want my son back. I have never gone more then 2-3 days without him and these last 2 months with zero contact have been hell. His father has refused to contact me. Refused to let me see him etc. He went so far as to send me letters from him his gf, his mother saying that if I contact them they'll file harrassment charges. (Will be taking those to court) because he also tried saying I abandoned my son. How is it even possible for the police to allow him to take my child a d refuse to help me get him back? We've never been married. Aren't I the legal custodial parent? Ohio, US How's the situation now?  Hasn't caused him any yet but as I said pretrial is on Wednesday How can he go against the judges order though? Seems like that would cause him issue's?  I go on the 13th to pretrial. Today was mediation he's refused to let me see my son even with the judge ordering it. Mediation went like shit. I'm lawyering up. Was waiting to see how mediation went if he was going to be an adult. Have you gone to court and got your child back? yay! glad to help. good luck! :) Thank you had no idea. I live in Ohio. In my state I am the sole parent because we were never married and there is no custody order or DNA test that's why I am so confused. I kind of understand because CPS was involved due to false allegations by him but CPS has said there's nothing concerning at my home. (However said that there are too many people living in his two bedroom apartment his gf, their male friend, her two daughters, and now my son) but the prosecutor and police still say (in his county) that they will not get involved in civil matters when it comes to returning my child to me. The police in my county have said that his county is being biased (ex and exs mother are friends with a couple cops). Have even said biased things to the police department in my county about me that have absolutely no proof. (Like that I'm on drugs when I didn't even get an epidural with my children and have never used drugs in my life) Thank you! That site actually helped a lot That's why I'm confused. Right, so the father does not have as much legal right as the mother. Just FYI if you got the court to order a DNA test a common order would be that you pay if he is the father (as he has asserted all along).  OP is in Ohio actually  Under Ohio Revised Code, if a child is born to an unmarried mother, the mother is the sole residential parent and legal guardian of the child unless a court order is issued. After the parents establish paternity, the father may petition the court for visitation or for custody.  Not in Ohio.  look up your area + legal aid. you said you're in ohio,[ so this site might get you started.]() But google around more if that doesn't help. try calling 211 and see if they have any other resources they can recommend. i knew someone in a similar situation many years ago in a different state, and she was able to get a free lawyer through a women's resources group. see if there's something like that where you live. there are resources for you - they are just sometimes hard to find. be persistent and ask people like 211 or nonprofits or librarians for help in finding them. Biological parents listed on a child's birth certificate are his "legal parents" unless something happens to remove their rights. They don't have to be married or live together. There isn't a custody order so there isn't a "custodial parent." The father has as much right to the child as you do until the custody order is in place. Police won't intervene in a situation of equal rights. I suggest you get a lawyer. You could try Legal Aid in your area if you can't afford one. I don't have the money for a lawyer. The one that I have contacted told me it was a $4,000 retainer fee. My finance and I have two other kids and don't just have $4,000 laying around. Was thinking if I can file taxes or cash in my 401k. I've only had about a month to prepare. Will they give me time to find legal counsel before the next court date? Am I going to be able to see my son at all until then? I obviously know that he has a legal right to his son. I have been allowing him to have visitation without a court order because I have my son's best interest at heart. I want him to see his father. Us having split custody is fine. So no to the paternity test. Fine. What do I do to at least see my son even for a couple minutes while this whole process is happening. It's been 2 months I haven't been without him for more then 2-3 days in his entire almost 5 years of life. A paternity test would help him, not you. Unless he isn’t the father but you seem sure that he is. You should find legal assistance in your area on google. They would be able to either help you prepare or hire a lawyer.   So you want to get a paternity test done that will 100% prove that he is the biological father and so has a legal right to his son? A paternity test is not going to work in your favor.  Never cheated we were together for 2 years before he was concieved and about a year after. I just wanted to know if it would make the court see how ridiculous it is when there is absolutely nothing proving that he has any reason to be able to legally keep MY son from me that I have cared for since he was born alone even when we were dating. (One of the reasons we split was because he cheated and because I came home from work to my 3 month old screaming in a filthy diaper because his father couldn't be bothered to wake up) 