 Basic gist is that I sublet to a third roommate to move into my house in early Dec. Me and my other roommate went away on vacation shortly after. I’m still away but he returned home three days ago and noticed that some of his expensive things were stolen from his room, and that his car had been driven and has over 500 miles on it. The new roommate claims to know nothing about this. She says that she had someone over the house and blames this person but won’t explain how it is that this person has so much access to our house or how she didn’t notice that the roommates car wasn’t in the driveway for 2 weeks. A police report has been filed already. I want this new roommate out. I had a bad feeling about her from the start, but I gave her a chance. One of the things I did wrong was have compassion for her situation. She was not able to pay the deposit and therefore I don’t have her deposit. Because I never took a deposit I also didn’t have her sign a lease or subletting document with me. She also hasn’t paid the full rent for Dec or Jan (just 2/3 of it), another error I made from compassion. Her situation had something to do with a crime she was involved in or a victim of in Texas. The state of Texas provides rental assistance to victims of crimes and this assistance was supposed to be what she would use to pay me rent. It still hasn’t processed, so I don’t have this money. I just really want her out of my house, but I don’t know what the best way to go about this is. She’s been there for over 30 days, which may make her a tenant. Legally I may not be able to simply change the locks and tell her to fuck off. I’m still away on vacation (without pleasure) and am really anxious.  If he's stolen from you the proper course of action would be to report theft, and if needed sue for damages or the cost of the items should they be damaged or destroyed. I wouldn't suggest using threats of lawsuits as a way to get someone (especially someone you believe dangerous) out. Your best bet will be to go through the eviction process. Is it reasonable to assume that me and my other housemate can countersue her (or at least use it as a threat if she refuses to leave), him for his stolen possessions (value over 3k) and me for her behavior disrupting/upsetting my travels? I would strongly advise you follow proper legal procedure, to avoid fucking up your credit and assuming she refused to leave having no recourse and more days she's there.  Having a judgment against you will fuck up your credit. And even if you do kick her out illegally, you won't have law enforcement support if she refuses to leave. They won't force her out without a court-granted eviction. I think I feel more secure not living with her in the present and being sued in the future.  A tenant is a tenant. You are the landlord in the subtenant's case. You have to follow the eviction process. If you don't, she can sue you for illegal eviction. Your protection in this case is not renting to someone you know won't pass a background and credit check. Is there no difference though between a tenant of a landlord (they do not live together) and a sub-letter who shares an apartment in the legal sense? Are there any laws that protect me (from my sub-letter)? She's your roommate using drugs. Suggest she move out. Let her know if you see or smell drugs you will call the police. They won't need a warrant when you invite them into your home.  She's now your tenant, so you have to give her notice to vacate. Usually 30 days on a month to month tenancy, which is what this amounts to. Unless you have some confirmation of her agreeing to pay a certain amount per month in an email or text message, in which case you can have her served with a notice to pay or quit, since she's delinquent. Whichever way it goes, if she's not out by the date specified, you'll have to file an eviction action against her. 