 4 weeks ago I was terminated from a certain retail store that is known for their 15, 20, 30 discounts and store “Cash”. I had been hired for 2 weeks when I used a friend’s store Cash in conjunction with my employee discount. I have since learned in no uncertain terms that the store basically equates this with taking money right out of the register, something that I would never think of doing. The store manager brought me to her office, a district LP was conference called in and had me sign 2 sheets of paper accepting blame for the misuse of $30 Cash, said I’d get a letter in the mail and have to repay the $30 within 90 days of signing, and I was fired. I was so stunned at what was happening that I just signed away, thinking if I didn’t then they would call the police. However it’s been 4 weeks and there hasn’t been any sign of a letter. I believe this will be a civil demand letter, and even though most people will say not to bother paying it, I’d really just like to pay it (since I actually did misuse it) and have this nightmare be over. I’m not worried about being on the retail black list...safe to say I never want to work in retail again. My question is: if I pay/don’t pay a civil demand, I’m under the impression no one will ever know unless the company sues me. However is it a different situation if the offender is an employee and the merchandise wasn’t recoverable (ie shoplifted merchandise caught at the time)? I’m also worried that if I get an actual court order, my family at my home address might not be able to get it to me right away as I work abroad (this was supposed to be a seasonal job over the holidays). Is it normal for these letters to take over 1/3 of my 90 day deadline to get to me? How drawn out can this get? I’m really looking for people that have gone through a situation like this themselves or know the process. I’ve since learned many people get fired over this type of issue at the company (I know, doesn’t make me less dumb) but I was hoping someone could tell me what to expect? When it comes to LP, while chains do have national policies, it also can depend on the regional/local personalities, which is why someone with local experience can give you the best answer. Could take months. Move on with your life. Don't stress over it, it won't help. Resolve to never do something like this again. Thanks for the advice. I’m planning to pay it but it would be smart to get real legal advice beforehand.  Thank you. I’m planning to pay it, but the suspense is torture and I’m wondering why the letter is taking so long. Many of the civil demand stories I’ve read had deadlines like 21 days.  If they report you to this web site and prospective employers check, they will know. http://www.theftdatabase.com/ assuming this is the standard civil demand, if you pay it will be over. If you don't pay, and you get sued, which is possible, then it will be public record. So at this point you should do nothing until if you get a letter and the decide if it's worth it. You might want to look for a local lawyer and ask if any have dealt with said store (who are known for being hardasses with LP). You can usually get a low cost consultation that hopefully can give you some piece of mind on a.) what to do, and b.) what the likely consequences are. That said, given your completely crap negotiating position, you should not tempt fate by just ignoring any demand letters. 