 So our private school had an incident which happened 2-3 years ago where a male physics teacher was caught abusing another male student. This caused an outrage in my country where our school was criticized heavily and they were forced to kick the teacher out despite having a strong relationship with the school and the head minister(he taught in the school for over 8 years) and there were rumours that such thing happened to other students but they were too ashamed to talk about it. Fast forward to today, our math teacher has been texting a girl in my class giving her compliments such as:"I've compared you with other girls and you're the most beautiful one" then when the girl felt awkward and wouldnt respond, he would delete them.And in other cases, he would say really awkward stuff and ask the girl why she isn't responding. This is escalating really fast cause everyday he crosses the line with the girl with inappropriate messages and it gets worse as time passes. I know about this because we are friends. And the teacher has been doing this for over a month acting weird over text. Note that the teacher is over 60 years of age and we are just 16. He could be that girls grandpa! The flirting isnt ending, non-stop daily and the teacher is trying to get closer to the girl for whatever intentions he has. Last years students told me that he has been doing awkward stuff like that for years but always got rejected by the girls cause Obviously he's f'ing 60 years old. The weird thing is that he doesn't look like the type of guy that would do such a thing. Now you're probably wondering why I mentioned the first paragraph about the physics teacher. Well that's because it started off the same way but in a boy-to-boy scenario and I'm afraid it might escalate with one girl to a point which will cause someone to be scared for life from such an experience. What should I do in such a case? It's a really tough position, cause he hasn't done anything extreme yet but he is climbing the steps one by one and it might result as the incident which happened 2 years ago. But I mean should we wait till something actually happens to take action? TL;DR: Math teacher who flirts with girl daily over text might do something illegal at this rate like an incident which happened 2 years ago where a male physics teacher raped a male student. Go to administration, if they do nothing, tell the parents. The girl that is receiving the texts should take them to the administration. You cannot do anything. 