  I was offered a 30-yr fixed mortgage for home purchase with a good rate. The seller offered me an additional $13k credit. Two weeks before my closing date, the lender gave me the closing disclosure listing 5k from the seller's credit applied to closing costs and the remaining 8k towards my down payment. Unfortunately, less than 24 hours before closing, the lender said I couldn't use the 8k from seller's credit for down payment. My only options were to buy a lower rate (discount points) with 8k or lose the seller's credit. Why this is a bait and switch: 1. My down payment increased by 8k on the final closing disclosure (less than 24 hours before closing) due the lender's mistake on the initial CD 2. 8k worth of points only lowered my rate by 0.25%, very unfair at the current market conditions 3. I had no other options. Buy discount points from the lender or lose the seller's credit. Or lose my earnest money from not securing a mortgage at closing. I've already filed a complaint with the CFPB. What are my other options at this point? Oh so they didn't extend closing? In that case, you may have a case here, and might be entitled to recover up to $4,000 plus any actual damages. Talk to a local real estate attorney who can review the facts of your case and advise you accordingly.   I was notified about the changes literally a few hours before closing. Unfortunately, we already closed on the house. Our earnest money was at risk and the seller (relocation company) was unwilling to accommodate anymore. At this point, I wonder if it's worthy seeking an attorney.  Yes, but that just means they extend the signing date by 3-4 days. What happened in your situation? The loan terms changed due to the lender's error/negligence. They also gave me short notice on the changes. Shouldn't that violate the TRID rule? "The TRID rule also requires a creditor (or settlement agent) to deliver (in person, mail or email) a Closing Disclosure to the consumer no later than three business days before the consummation of the loan transaction. The Closing Disclosure must contain the actual terms of the loan and actual cost of the transaction. Creditors are required to act in good faith and use due diligence in obtaining this information. Although creditors may rely on third-parties such as settlement agents for the information disclosed on the Loan Estimate and Closing Disclosure, the TRID rule makes creditors ultimately responsible for the accuracy of that information. " Loan terms often change between preapproval and underwriting, and you likely signed something acknowledging that fact. 