 So about 7 years ago my girlfriend and I broke up. We had an 8 year old at the time. He stayed with her for about 6 months and in that time she got food stamps and Medicare. So the child support office called me in and told me I had to pay around $120 a month. At the time I was unemployed. After that 6 months the mom and I got back together which lasted about a year. Ever since then he's lived with one of us, but the last 4 years or so he's been pretty much only living with me, except for a few weeks here and there. For the last 6 years or so they've been garnishing my wages and taking my tax returns. He still living with me, and I'm about to do my taxes but I'm wondering if there's any way out of this scenario. She's still receiving govt assistance even though he mainly lives with me. The real kicker is that she's been the one signing him up for school and things like that. So on paper, it looks like I'm just out of the picture. I'm just wondering if there's any way I can get this to stop as it's becoming increasingly harder and harder to support us. I don't have time to take off work and can't afford a lawyer. Who can I talk to about this? Do I go to the attorney general's office? Or just try to talk to a family law lawyer and see what he says? So she's not a tenant, and you don't have to go through the process of evicting her. I'd gather any of her belongings in the apartment that aren't explicitly related to childcare and box them up, leave them near the door. Start returning her mail to the post office, tell them no one by that name lives there. No however last year she went through a real rough patch so my girlfriend and I let her stay with us for about a month and a half until she was able to get an apartment. We helped her get one at our complex so she does live here at the same apartments. But even still, he stays with us. Her dad is real sick so he can be very mean and our son just doesn't get along with her boyfriend so he tries to to avoid him at all cost. Does she often sleep at your apartment? Keep clothes there? Personal effects, like toothbrushes? Thank you! It's so frustrating and daunting I didn't know where to start. I'd start with calling the toll-free number here and explaining that the child lives with you and has been since &lt;insert date here  First step should definitely be getting his birth certificate and ssn. You need to establish primary contact with schools and his pediatrician. Second step I would definitely report her to the welfare office for her falsely claiming he lives with her. Just be aware this could get ugly. Third step look for a low income or pro bono attorney for child custody cases and file for a modification of support. Be prepared for her to suddenly insist on having the child back since all her financial benefits will go away without it.  Sounds like you have a lot of “cleaning” up to do so everything reflects what is really happening ... your child lives with you full time.  I think she's the primary contact. As for the address they send stuff to my apartment but with her name on it. Are you on the birth certificate? I believe there’s way a father can get a SS card for their child and a copy of their birth cert. that’s all she prob has what you need. Who’s address does school have? Who’s the primary contact? He lives at your house then he needs to be listed as such everywhere.  Who do I need to talk to to do that?  That's what I thought. But she's also been claiming him on her taxes for the last 6 years regardless of who he's living with. She has all the paperwork and straight up says no if I tell her I need it for tax purposes.  Except she wants that welfare money... but yes that should also be done pronto. Can OP let welfare know the child is with him full time? And get child off welfare with the mom? Her benefits will be lowered but if the child is with him full time there should be zero reason she’s claiming the child on anything.  Sorry I overlooked that part. My bad. You need to file for a modification based on the fact that the child is and has been living with you. You will pay CS until any arrears from your child being on welfare are paid down. I'm in Texas. I thought putting it in the title was what I was supposed to do. Sorry about that. You should say which state you’re in because each state has different ways of dealing with child support. 