 The title says it all. We filed $1300 of receipts for everything they lost and all we had to buy to replace it. 7 hours of phone calls and 6 weeks later received a message saying “We’ll give you $600 and a $200 voucher, this is final and the claim is closed.” Anyone have experience getting what they’re owed? Or can anyone help us know how to sue them? Because at this point, honestly, we would pay just to be right with these jerks. Don’t fly Southwest, obviously.  - They don't owe you replacement cost. They owe you the actual value of what was lost, which is the (Goodwill-level) cost of used clothes and toiletries. Unless you are saying that everything in the luggage was new, in which case you should be able to back that up with receipts. Thank for the reply. We only charged them for the full value of what we bought to replace what they lost - we didn’t charge them for what they lost in addition to what we had to buy to replace it in order to attend the functions we had travelled for. They took the printed receipts and said it’s worth less than half what we had to pay just to replace what they lost (new, nothing old, everything fully documented as new). So I’m wondering if there’s some way to force them to pay us what they owe. They can determine the value of what you bought; that's true. The cannot determine the value of what they lost, which is what matters. And in any case, you would be entitled to the value of what they lost: they lost used clothes so they are only obligated to pay for used, depreciated clothes. Thanks for that detail. But actually what happened was, we were going to New York for 4 events that all involved wearing nice clothes. We had to buy new ones. So all we charged them for was the value on the receipt of the new clothes we had to buy to replace the ones they lost. There was no depreciation. 2 people X 4 upscale events - including some jeans, tees, pjs, underwear, and toiletries - all bought at a discount store, but in NYC (Century 21, where nice clothes are discounted). So it’s all legit. And they’re robbing us. Because they’re can’t “determine the value”’there are actual receipts. From the Contract of Carriage for Southwest Airlines: -Value Items Unsuitable for Checked Baggage. Carrier assumes no responsibility for and will not be liable for money; jewelry; photographic, video, and optical equipment; computers and other electronic equipment; computer software; silverware and china; fragile or perishable items; liquids; precious gems and metals; negotiable instruments; securities; business or personal documents; samples; items intended for sale; paintings, artifacts, and other works of art; antiques; collectors’ items; unique or irreplaceable items; heirlooms; research, experimental, and scholastic items and documents; manuscripts; furs; irreplaceable books or publications; and similar valuables contained in carryon or Checked Baggage. For the Passenger’s protection, these items should not be transported in or as Checked Baggage. See Section 8 for information about coverage for international travel. So if you had any of those items you won't be eligible for reimbursement. Additionally, the Contract of Carriage states that you will receive reimbursement for the "determined by the documented original purchase price less depreciation for prior usage." So they are probably making the argument that they don't necessarily believe the items are worth the price you paid, since those items were used and therefore the value depreciated, which is generally legitimate. Depreciation is pretty subjective, unfortunately. You could try and take them to Small Claims but I don't know if it'll do you any good. You can also pick through the [Contract of Carriage (PDF)](http://www.southwest.com/assets/pdfs/corporate-commitments/contract-of-carriage.pdf) to see if there's any other info that might help you.