  I'm a recent grad with a computer science degree, and I'm currently looking for employment in the U.S. My understanding of this is that I would need a job offer to work in the U.S to get a TN visa, this process seems relatively simple. When jobs posts ask if I'm "legally authorized to work in the United States" is this referring to if I'm legally allowed to enter the U.S, or is it asking if I currently hold a visa that would let me work there. Thanks.  This isn't a legal question. As long as you don't lie about your citizenship, visa or educational status (in some states, it's a felony to lie about having a degree), you can tell them whatever you want. The trick is that the company may look very dimly on it when it comes time to hire you. There's a big difference between 'give us your social, can you start on Monday?' and 'what do you mean you need a TN that requires we have a lawyer write a document and could be refused at the border?' So, it's up to you. And that's why I feel that me stating that I'm not legally authorized is a bad thing because it might rule me out, when in reality the TN visa isn't difficult to obtain.  Technically Canadian citizens don't need to apply for a visa to work in the US under TN status. If a qualified Canadian citizen gets offered a job in the US (a job which is TN-eligible) and they bring all the appropriate ID/documentation to the port-of-entry when they travel to the US then the border agent can authorize the Canadian citizen for work in the US and grant entry under TN status without the Canadian having to apply for a visa in advance. That sounds like what OP plans on doing. No No, I would need a job offer to get a TN visa but there is nothing stopping me from getting that (i.e. criminal history), but I think I see your point. Do you have the Visa already? Are you saying that I should state on applications that I'm authorized to work?  'm "legally authorized to work in the United States" is this referring to if I'm legally allowed to enter the U.S, or is it asking if I currently hold a visa that would let me work there. The latter. You would answer "yes" only if you were a citizen, LPR, or already had a work visa that authorized you to work in the US Authorized to work.