 I'm in Ontario Canada and at the end of last year I was working part time at a minimum wage job until I was able to get a career in my field I recently graduated for. I was never fired or let go I just stopped receiving shifts, every week I'd contact my employer or other employees and asked when my shifts were to be told I didn't have any. He then lost his contract for his business about a month or two later. So I have just received my ROE and under reason for end of employment he put that I quit which I never did. The only reason any of this matters is that I am pregnant and will be claiming EI for maternity leave but they require I work 600 hours in the last 52 weeks before the claim to receive the mat leave. I'm due beginning of June 2019. I did not graduate school until August 2018 and was in full time studies. I was not regulated to work by my regulatory college until I passed a national board exam and was unable to work in my field until November 26th. I got a job right away but have only been able to get part time hours so my Delema is that I will probably only have about 500 hours and have to appeal my EI maternity leave benefits. So since I will have to do that I'm worried that my previous employer who stopped giving me shifts in mid October and saying I quit will affect my appeal. Basically I want to know how he was able to state that I quit with no written consent from myself and how I am supposed to go about things now especially as I am not even taking my full mat leave and most of it will be taken by my partner who has worked well over 600 hours in the past 52 weeks. Tldr: employer in Ontario stopped giving me shifts but put on my ROE that I quit and am worried this will affect my maternity EI  It only goes by your last job worked. So you are employed elsewhere that will be issuing an ROE later when you go on mat leave (or sooner), it won’t be an issue that it says you quit the prior job. That being said, you still should have them correct it, because you don’t know what kind of other mess ups could happen or policies change in the government, but it shouldn’t affect your EI eligibility to get to your 600 hours if that’s what you need. 