 This relationship was very toxic, lasted a couple years but I’m glad it’s over. Still, scars remain and we’re both sick of bad people getting away with inexcusable actions. My friend knows a couple of girls that this guy has actually raped but only maybe one would go forward with my friend to talk about it. When my friend went to the hospital, as is the case in many domestic violence relationships, she lied and said she fell (he broke her hand). The guy’s parents are well off but he’s an irresponsible addict (in recovery I guess? For now at least). She sent me screenshots of a conversation she had with ex’s mom dating back to 2015 where the mom basically says the guy is selfish, uses people and warns my friend that she doesn’t want her to get hurt. Now apparently the mom acts like things my friend says are lies... I have had several close friends who have been in abusive relationships, and many are victims of rape. We were raised from a nice, low-crime suburb. And we were all too naive to really see things for what they were until after graduating high school. I want to help my friend.. Anyone familiar with domestic violence civil suits? I know I said my friend already spoke to an attorney but idk... thanks in advance If it’s fraud and reported in a timely manner the debt is not hers she would need a policy report. Have seen some people with low self esteem allow this behavior and that is not fraud. It’s unethical and scummy but not something that could get the ex arrested.  I don’t think the debt is from the hospital. Might be a portion of it idk. Mostly I think he ran up her credit card or something which of course isn’t fraud so yup shit out of luck. I guess I can just be happy she’s safe 😕 Would cost more money and time to sue than you’d get back from the deadbeat ex. Let that bad energy go and never think of the jerk again. Call the hospital’s billing department and work out a payment plan. Some hospitals will accept as little as $25 or $50 a month until its paid off. Don’t let a medical debt ruin their future, it can affect everything from renting an apartment to getting a job or buying a car.  You can;t get blood from a stone. If there's nothing to collect, there may not be any point in suing.  You can’t get blood out of a stone not too many attorneys will take that case on spec. Maybe file small claims pro se and get a judgement to garnish waged 