 We live in on-post housing on a military installation, which is located in the state of Georgia. Housing is owned and managed by a third-party civilian company. If you’ve been following the Military Housing Crisis, you’re aware that the private housing companies who took over on-post housing have been failing to meet their obligations. [One persistent spouse pushed one housing company to uphold their responsibilities; the spouse, her husband, and others in his unit were threatened by the garrison commander and bullied into shutting up](). Big Army has responded by issuing an Army-wide directive requiring all units to forcibly inspect all on-post housing. Ironically, just a few years ago, [the Department of Defense refused to get involved with housing deficiencies because it would “...impose more government intrusion on a private business enterprise.”]() I do not want my house inspected. I have already plainly and respectfully made this clear. I was told by my husband’s 1st Sergeant that if I do not comply, my “husband will suffer because of [my refusal].” Because is my intent to decline, I’m already on a short list of residences who will be inspected not by my husband’s firstline, but personally by his company commander. My husband would voluntarily allow the inspection if it were just him (and he wouldn’t have a leg to stand on to decline, anyway), but I’m the one saying no. He cannot do anything about that, and his unit cannot retaliate against him because of something I do or refuse to do. I am a bonafide civilian. My house, while on post, is owned and managed by a third-party civilian company; previous litigation and the DoD’s own policies are directly in opposition to what they are claiming for the purposes of this inspection. The Army should, hypothetically, have no authority to force me to comply with a mandatory inspection. My lease with the housing company does state that the housing company, “and Agents thereof,” may enter the house to perform repairs and maintenance. 1SG is saying that the Army is an agent of the housing company. I feel there is precedence that neither housing nor the Army are agents of each other (from previous litigation on whether housing could be sued, which the court held they could, because they are not acting on behalf of or as an agent of the military, but as an independent third-party company), and even if they were, the scope of their entry would be repairs and maintenance, not inspections for cleanliness. The WARNO his unit sent out (before the DA directive was even pushed out) clearly stated the inspection was for “cleanliness.” There is no formal OPORD yet, but they have already begun carrying out these inspections. Therefore, they are carrying out these inspections under the terms of the WARNO, which clearly identifies the reason for the inspections as “cleanliness” and not for locating and resolving deficiencies. The irony is, I’m a neat freak. We would pass the inspection without issue. So I keep getting the response that if I have nothing to hide, then why do I care so much? Because this is my home, and I should have total control - with limited exception for the landlord - over who may enter and why. I am prepared for his leadership to physically force their way into my home. I would not fail a cleanliness inspection, I have nothing illegal in my home, and they would have zero cause for a health welfare complaint. We have security cameras that capture audio outside and in our living room. If someone does try to force their way in, it would be captured on video, but I have not notified them of this. However, the cameras are easily seen and not hidden. Ideally, I want to not have someone force their way into my home. Realistically, I know they probably will, and the next question would be what recourse do I have after the fact. My husband wants to sit down with JAG and/or IG to see what we can do, but I am anticipating IG would side with the Army. Part of me wants them to force their way in, because maybe that would finally prompt a change. Sorry if this is all over the place. I know I’m going to get criticized for just not complying, but I’m willing to fight for this. This is very important to me. There is neither state nor federal law limiting landlords’ rights to enter the property, and my lease obviously says they can. Additionally, we signed a fixed-term lease when we first moved in, which has since expired, so we are now month-to-month. However, the lease and applicable law says that the terms of the original lease continue after the original lease expires. I’m aware that housing could respond to my refusal by terminating our month-to-month lease, which has happened before with “problem families.” What can I do? This is a battle you just wont win.  On one hand you devoted a paragraph to criticizing the state of housing calling it a crisis on military bases. Yet on the other you try to construct a self immolating argument to prevent them from doing anything about it. Do you not see or recognize the irony? Gotcha, I was referring to the 4th when I said everything is subject to search. The 3rd deals with soldiers basically taking over your house and using it to live in. thanks thanks Yes I did thanks for catching that Ahh, I just noticed you put 3rd, did you mean 4th? The Third covers soldiers living in your home, not you living in government-owned housing that only some members of the military have access to. It's federal property, different rules. Military bases/property are always subject to search. Even your car, if on base. Dude that is not how this works, at all. You ARE at fault, and you stand to really screw up you and your husband's lives over this. They are WELL within their "bounds". This is ridiculous, you are being stubborn for no reason when you are IN THE WRONG.  While I do not think you are wrong, how does this not violate the third amendment? There’s nothing else you could direct your energy towards. You are a renter who agreed to a rental contract that allows inspections. This seems a very strange hill to die on.  You should probably get a lawyer, and one who likes fighting, because this honestly sounds like a losing battle. I've lived in military housing many times, but not for the last 16 years. Back then, the command could and would do inspections, I think they were called "health and welfare inspections." Back when we were dual military, no kids, it was a great day off work to hand out at home waiting for them to drop by. When we had kids it was a bit stressful because kid make messes, but at no time was it an adversarial situation. It was in our housing agreement - and it was privatized housing, but the command still retained the right to do the inspections. The govt is trying to fix something that has gone very very wrong with housing. People have had mushrooms growing out of their carpet and the landlords have dismissed it, the situation is pretty bad in lots of housing. These inspections are something the command can do to gather the documentation it needs to hold the landlords accountable. I'm guessing your husband doesn't have any plans to make this his career, if he's willing to "go down in flames." This in an interesting hill to die in, for sure.  Page 8 of AR 420-1-1, clearly states the Garrison Commander (or appointees) may enter your home. You're not going to win this argument. You're a spouse living on DoD property. If you want control over who enters your home, don't live on base. What recourse do you have as a renter of a home when a landlord or agent of the landlord does an announced inspection? None. This is honestly a weird hill to die on. For example if you were in the private realm and renting a home from a landlord, periodic inspections happen and you'll get evicted for not allowing them (with proper notice). How is this different? (Other than being worse in that you'll get an eviction AND hurt a career.) If you don't want it to happen, allow the inspection to happen. There is not a way to win here. There's maybe a tiny chance you'll eke out a pyrrhic victory where someone somewhere acknowledges that a regulation wasn't followed to the T, but is that really worth it?  “landlord” is going to comply, though. Which means that when the army tells LL “we are going to search”, the LL will give them the green light, thereby authorizing them as their agent.  No, it isn't your home. It's the Army's home and they are allowing you and your family to live there. Being a military member or spouse IS NOT like being a civilian. The military member signs away all sorts of rights when they join. Being a spouse means you are impacted by this as well AND MUST comply or you are hurting your spouse and/or their career. Take it from an old, former military spouse. Stop this silliness and comply with the rules of the life you have chosen.  This isn't worth the fight. Its like the people who refuse to provide id to cops during a traffic stop etc.  Look, hands down, the ultimate authority on base is the DoD. The "privatization" of DoD housing is executed through a contract, which privatized companies can lose. The DoD still owns the property. This is part and parcel of being a military spouse. There's very little you can do. As a vet, I've got to ask why you want to risk your husband's career over this, especially at a time when the military is looking for ways to get rid of troops. Negative. Housing here is own and operated by a civilian company, and both previous litigation and the DoD’s previous statements established that this is not true.  Sorry OP, good luck with what you do but my advice is to reconsider. Your husbands military career most likely hinges on what you do here.   It's not your home. It belongs to a private company that contracts with the DoD to provide it.  You're a civilian that lives on a federal installation. All they have to do is give you a heads up (vet here) The first link references the original and subsequent lawsuits with Naval housing. Yes, my husband is willing to go down in flames. But I obviously don’t want that to happen. I’m not hurting anyone. I’m standing up for my right to control who enters my home. The Army is hurting my husband for overstepping their bounds, threatening retaliation, and choosing to get involved only when it’s for their benefit. We will probably suffer, but I refuse to accept fault. Yes, this is the hill on which I am willing to die.  -party company) Can you cite the case? It's more important than your husband's career? No. It’s a DA Directive that each unit must carry out these inspections. The “landlord” is going to comply, though. We previously lived elsewhere on another installation with privatized housing, but owned by a different company. That company not only did not comply with forcible searches, but made it very clear that we could decline forced searches and they would support our right to do so. But this currently housing company is already under fire for the lead paint issue, so I believe they are rolling over due to the negative publicity they attracted for that.   -to-month lease, which has happened before with “problem families.” This, along with trouble you'll bring your husband, are a few reasons why I'll ask: Are you sure this is the hill you're willing to die on? I get the principle you're trying to uphold for yourself here, but I honestly think you're potentially giving yourself way more headache than this is worth. Especially considering: In essence, you're willing to go to war with not only your husbands' employer but your landlord as well for a reason that doesn't at all seem worth it. The only people you'll be hurting is yourself and your husband.  Did the army tell the Landlord to have the properties inspected, and the landlord authorize he local on-base army personnel as their representatives?