 I recently moved into a new apartment with a roommate. I brought my dog with me, and my roommate was made aware ahead of time that she would be living with a dog. However, she knew she had a dog allergy, and just assumed it would not be bad, so did not tell me. She has had a severe skin reaction to what she believes is my dog, and it's looking like it's not going to be possible for the roommate and the dog to co-habitate. I have allergies, and I know how miserable they can be, and WOULD NOT have moved in if roommate had disclosed her dog allergies. I am willing to move out, but I put down a nonrefundable deposit for a 7 month lease, and would like to be compensated for the prorated amount. Since this is a medical issue, do I have any recourse from either the apartment complex or the roommate to get part of my deposit back? I'm a student and it will be insanely difficult for me to move without getting that deposit money refunded.  That is fair. Thank you for your input! If the landlord is willing to do this and approve the roommate as sole lessor, it will depend on the terms of the addendum (release) if you are to recieve your share of the deposit then or after the lease ends and the one staying moves. I have seen them hold up in both directions based on the language, so I'm just not able to say one way or the other, sorry.  If you're able to get someone to take your place on the lease and your landlord is okay with it, that's probably the easiest fix. Is the deposit you mentioned a security deposit or a pet deposit? Thank you for replying! We are on the same lease, and would be able to do a roommate release, where I could break the lease with no penalty, and she would stay and be responsible for all of rent until she was able to find another roommate. I hope that helps clarify the details a bit.  Neither of you have legal recourse to be able to break the lease due to this. Her allergy is not the landlord's fault. What options you have depends on whether or not you signed a lease together, or rent rooms with separate leases. Can you clarify that? 