 So about 4 months ago on a social media app I met this woman who was a therapist to me and would give me advice like a friend. Anyways one day she started talking about how shes struggling with money and that she doesnt have money to feed her son. And I decided to be nice and promise her that I would give her 100 in my next paycheck as a friend. Instead I gave 50 and not the 100 and she started accusing me of lying. I said I would give it when I had money again because I realized I needed it at the moment. And she started being aggressive and disrespectful just for that reason that I owed her money I promised to help. And so I stopped talking to her. Months later I message her to update her on my life and situation and to thank her for the advice she gave in the past. She was still mad about the time I promised her the money. And she told me if I wanted to "chat" with her again I needed to send the other 50 I promised to give her. So I had a heart and just did it and sent it. So this is where I start to screenshot conversations. I screenshot the conversation where she linked her PayPal and me sending the 50 and the transaction and her exact words of if I wanted to "chat" with her, linking her PayPal for me to send the money. Anyways after I send it she becomes rude and disrespectful and not being grateful saying things along the line like I should have gaven the money and once a lier always a lier. And that I was rude to her in the past etc, it was pretty much like an f you and a slap on the face, I was still nice to her even after hoping her the best and hoping it helps her kid in some way. And then after arguing. I was nothing but respectful and nice the whole time. She then tells me to not contact her anymore in the future. And I still do just leaving a couple of messages telling her how black hearted she is, and how she just wants my money etc. She gets mad and tells me not to contact her in the future. And so I do leaving her messages how black hearted she is and how she just wants my money. Note I been nothing but respectful and nice the whole time still. Then tells me she will call the police if I dont stop texting her because its considered harassment. But all my messages are in the most respectful and nice way. And so she blocks my account and then I make a couple the same day just to tell her when the police is coming and what did she tell them because prior to this apparently she said she had called the police and it scared me because this whole situation is so petty in my opinion and this lady seems to have some problem to report me for this petty situation. And now I'm worried. This all happens on an app called kik a social media site. I said I rather not I'm going to. Big difference. Your overreacting right there and being extra. What is a less than honorable? Dude, get some help. Talk to your chaplain or a therapist on base. Don’t talk about dying. Is that bad? I would rather die if it is Would it be hard to find jobs with a less than honorable discharge? Absolutely. Hey thank you, and yes I agree and did stop contact with her for sure. I'm not one of those everyday stalker or trying to bother somebody everyday. This all happend in a day and its over with. And by messed up, I kinda lectured her how immoral what she did. Like I told her she was heartless for doing that and that shes lucky I was nice enough to give her the money because no random stranger online would ever help somebody out likethat. And it's not common. Because out of kindness because I love to help people I actually gave her money to help feed her kid. That's the kinda things I said to her after she told.me not to contact her basically. You are EXTREMELY unlikely to go to jail for this. However, she can still make the claim that you were harassing her, it doesn't matter what she did to you, you kept contacting her after she told you not to and if you told her "how messed up she is" that means at least some of your messages were not "nice and respectful". Like I said, if you just stop now, you are most likely fine. She most likely hasn't actually called the cops and if she has, she isn't going to get very far with just this. But you need to block her on everything and never contact her again. If you keep contacting her, even if she contacts you first, you put yourself at a higher risk of getting your career ruined or actually being cited with something. Just never speak to her again and you will most likely be fine.  I dont wanna go to jail for this though or have my life ruined and not able to find jobs for something incredibly petty. I'm really scared and paranoid. I want to move on and never get in a situation like this again. I never insulted, threatened or anything serious or even close to serious. The only thing close probably not even was talking to her after telling me not to contact her witch was just words of wisdom and only telling her how messed up she is after I helped her and gave her money, its just immoral and evil the way she did me. That's all.  Do not message me. Update your original post if you have questions. No, because she is absolutely allowed to do that. She can say she'll only talk to you under whatever circumstances she wants, but if she says "don't talk to me" and you do so repeatedly, time and time again, that is harassment. Someone being a "horrible person compared to you" literally could not possibly matter any less. The courts and your job do not care if you're a nicer person than her. You need to stop, IMMEDIATELY so that she can't build even more of a case against you than she already has. If you just leave her alone this will hopefully just blow over and she won't want to get in a big legal battle, but if you keep bothering her she will likely take it to court and at the very least be able to get a restraining order. How do you tell someone they are a gold digger and "black hearted" in a respectful and nice way hahaha wtf... Look she does sound like she just wanted your money, but as soon as she told you to stop contacting her and you continued to do so, you were in the wrong. If you truly didn't say anything threatening, at this point she probably won't have a case to actually do anything against you, but for the love of God STOP TALKING TO HER. Even if you don't say anything threatening, if you continue to contact her on all kinds of different platforms, making new accounts, etc. that is absolutely harassment and she can absolutely use that against you. What can I do now that it's too late? Would I have any defense for this. I would have never thought this was ever a crime or would ever be a crime and in this situation shes just a horrible person compared to me Would I have a defense if the person did mention she would chat if I sent money then after telling me not to contact her?  Would it be hard to find jobs. How big if a crime is this?  I did, I mentioned I did. I'm just wondering how screwed am I after all this? It makes no difference what you said to her after she told you to not contact her. That's where I made a mistake contacting her again. And you didn't see my messages to come to a conclusion that my messages weren't. You can assume that but I have screenshots of all my messages and everything. Me asking her when the police is coming and why she would do that etc . Not me being hostile or threatning etc. That's disrespectful and not nice which I definitley didnt do but I respect your opinion  Stop, Contacting. Her. Now. Your commander can give you an Article 15 if he deems it appropriate. Or you could be court-martialed if they really want to pursue it. Knock it off.  Jesus, stop contacting her. Yes, this could be considered harassment. You’re out of control. That's the problem. I realized in my part I messed up the situation I'm in because I researched it after this whole occurance   Stop messaging her. Yes shes a bitch but just stop dude. Yes, when someone tells you not to contact them and you do so repeatedly, even making new accounts to do it, that is harassment. She told you to stop so you should stop because you are dancing dangerously close to harassment territory, if not already inside of it.