 Last month, we purchased a used 2017 Toyota Tacoma with ~31k miles from a Toyota dealership. Dealer provided the Carfax, which showed nothing beyond routine maintenance. We've been having issues with the touchscreen restarting over and over again, so my husband created a Toyota Owners account online and was browsing through the vehicle history to see if that issue had been addressed before. In the vehicle maintenance history at ~16k miles, the Toyota dealer we bought the car from completely replaced the transmission (with a remanufactured transmission) after the previous owner brought it in with the same complaint multiple times. Additionally, there was a leak in the roof at ~31k miles that resulted in a complete replacement of the headliner, carpet and brake light assembly. Shortly after those repairs were completed, the car was traded in to the dealer and listed for sale. None of these issues were on the Carfax or brought to our attention. We were told multiple times that the car was "clean as a whistle" and "well cared for". All repairs were completed at the Toyota dealer where we purchased the car. I don't know how they haven't been pulled into Carfax unless the dealer found a way around that or to hide it? Is there anything we can do? We wouldn't have purchased this truck if we knew about the transmission or leaking roof/water damage issues. And we certainly wouldn't have paid what we did if we had known. The dealership performed these repairs, so obviously they were aware of the true condition of the vehicle. Appreciate any help!  If the issues were fixed before hand they have no legal obligation to tell you those issues existed. Are you having issues with the trans/headliner repairs? Carfax has nothing to do with the dealer. They are a 3rd party company that compiles their database with various record keeping companies. Unless you have a contact that states a warranty, that's it.  Neither of those would be on a Carfax. Were they fixed? You were welcome to have a mechanic check out the vehicle beforehand. 