 Last night around 12:20 AM, my husband and I heard a loud sound and yelling in our driveway. Our neighbor’s 17 year old (Chad) was in our driveway in between our cars yelling for help and had obviously broken his leg. I called 911 while my husband banged on the neighbor’s house to wake up his parents. Chad told me and the officer who showed up that his friend dropped him off at his house and then two guys from another car started chasing him while he walked the 40 feet from the street to his front door. He ran away from them and jumped off the 3 foot retaining wall from our yard to our driveway and suffered a compound fracture on his lower leg. According to him the two other teens jumped in a car and drove off. My husband did see two people running off down the street when he looked outside after hearing the noise. He smelled strongly of weed (officer noticed as well). He was transported to the hospital in the ambulance. My husband check our cars and both were damage free. He did find a do-rag next to our car that did not belong to us or our neighbor. The officer bagged it. After Chad was taken away to the hospital, the officer searched or yard and driveway. He took a picture of the retaining wall and pool of blood on the driveway where Chad was standing while waiting for the ambulance. We’re friendly with our neighbors in that we say “hi” when we see each other and share neighborhood gossip a couple times a year. I don’t think they’d ever blame us for what happened and haven’t approached us aside from at the time asking what happened. My stepmom thinks we should report this to our homeowner’s insurance and have a trespassing notice for Chad just to stay ahead of it. I don’t think I need to do either. Would either of these be a good idea? I understand notifying insurance. We’ve never had a claim or anything so this would be my first time contacting them. I think the trespassing notice would be overkill and tank our relationship with the neighbors. Any advice would be appreciated. Thank you! You would defend yourself against their stupid claim and win. You wouldn't pre-emtively sue them to get them money that you would later give them by failing to defend their stupid lawsuit.  what if they did blame you and you were having to pay damages? No this is not a real thing at all you can't sue someone for experiencing damages in anticipation that they might blame you. you would try to get paid for damages done to someone on your property by someone else...in this case the person is the same in both cases. there aren't really damages until the property owner gets sued for them...ianal, but thought the logic was interesting. Absolutely report it to your Homeowners Insurance. They will open an investigation, but you don't want them to find out about it on their own. Ask for a copy of the police report so that you can submit it, or at least get the number of someone at the station so that your agent can contact them, as well as the neighbors. You're in the clear... just because someone gets injured on your property doesn't mean your rate will go through the roof. Anecdotally, I had a roofer fall off my roof and have to go to the hospital (minor concussion and lacerations, but thankfully fine). I called my agent and they cleared me of any negligence and I've had no consequences.  This is not a trespassing issue. The kid was running from an attack. Even if you had previously told him to stay off your property, he would have a defense of necessity. It is unlikely you would be held responsible for the kid’s actions. But if you go to the police and try to get the kid charged with trespassing you will no doubt have pissed off neighbors. If the neighbors come to you about medical bills, inform your insurance company. If you Ike you can inform them now, but it is probably unnecessary. The people who chased him are responsible for his injuries.  How does that make any sense? Who would sue him for the damage he did to himself? Are you imagining the kid suing himself? There's no need for a trespass notice, but you absolutely should notify your home owners insurance today (or tomorrow if they're closed today). A lot of policies require you to notify the insurer within x hours or days, or you waive their protection for that incident and can have your policy canceled. It sounds like there's a good chance Chad's parents will be reasonable about this. However, if the bills start rolling in a few weeks or months from now and they freak out, they may listen to bad advice to sue you, and you'll need your homeowner's insurance to help. So call now, to protect yourself just in case.  Not for six to eight weeks, anyway. OP, call your homeowners insurance provider and let them know about the incident. If you have an agent, go directly through him/her. If you have an incident report from the police, provide it. Then sit back. You are unlikely to be on the hook for anything. if trespassing is filed, can this kid/neighbor be sued for the damage they did to themselves on your property? If you believe Chad, then you don't need to report him for tresspassing, but you should tell your homeowners insurance exsctly what happened as you experieced it and as he reported it. Even if the parents wouldn't go after you for it, his medical insurace might go after your homeowners. So give them a heads up. Or him and his friends were smoking weed and did something stupid. Either way it's not likely to be a repeat situation. Call your insurance. This is what you’ve been paying them for all these years; they make these decisions and handle these situations so that you don’t have to. Report it to your insurer and follow their instructions exactly. Don’t do anything unless instructed by your insurer. You literally pay them to handle matters like this for you. The counter-factual is that Chad and his friends were smoking weed near or on your property; Chad trips and gets hurt; Friends (with weed) get scared and run away. Even under this scenario it still doesn’t seem like you should do anything different unless you have a large property and think you know where their ‘smoke spot’ is in which case you might consider motion triggered security lights to dissuade future incidents. I wouldn't serve a trespass notice, that kid was running away from people trying to beat him up or worse. I doubt he'd make a habit out of it.  If you have cameras give a copy to police and insurance. make sure you notify your homeowners insurance first before anyone else does so that it doesn't look like you're trying to hide anything and also make sure to notify insurance agency that you're not going to press charges. double check with the neighbors in the area to see if they have cameras where they may have picked up your driveway or the retaining wall. Otherwise, you are totally uninvolved. It wouldn't hurt to tell your insurance what happened but I can't see why anyone would have a claim against you in this case. You didn't beat the kid up, and you weren't negligent. I'm not sure what the point of a trespass notice would be. It's not like the kid got beat up on your property on purpose and I doubt he plans for that to reoccur.