 Hi! I’ll cut it short. Basically my partner and I rent out this place that has an automatic garage. The remote doesn’t have enough battery charge to open the door but the previous tenants have worn out the screws in the remote so we can’t open it (been to a locksmith and everything trying to get it open without damaging it) we live in a small mining town. Everything is over an hour away. I mentioned it to the real estate on the first day we moved in. It took them 2 and a half months to finally take the keys off us and try to get it fixed. Now we’re on month 4 of our 6 month lease and still nothing has been done they literally haven’t done anything. The landlords aren’t answering their phones or returning voicemails and we’ve had enough. They’ve also refused to pay for someone to come to the house and give a new key. we can’t afford to pay for it cause all our money is going into the rent. We offered to pay an extra $10 a week to bump us up higher in the applications which led to us being accepted. We’re from Australia so we want to take it to fair trading. In the contract, it said things need to get fixed within 4-6 weeks. The real estate has had many people quit since we started renting this place because they are a terrible real estate. (1.2 stars) It’s our first time renting and we’re lost on why to do but I think it’s fair that we should drop the rent cause a prominent feature of the house doesn’t work. Any help or advice is appreciated. We’re very upset and flustered with what to do. Thankyou In the USA this would come down to a disability issue then - here, if there’s no guarantee of a working garage remote in the lease, they could get away with not giving it back. If Australia is similar to the US, the next step here would be to notify the landlord in writing that you have a disability (perhaps via a letter from your doctor) and that you require a reasonable accommodation for this, such as a functional garage remote, and send this via certified mail. If that doesn’t produce a result, you can consult with a disability lawyer, or inform the city or state Fair Housing commission since they typically cover disability issues. Or this all might be grounds to break the lease. You may wish to check with r/AusLegal to see if they agree this is how you should proceed.  I rent a house so the garage is definitely ours. Sorry I should of been more specific. I rushed writing this out. I’m disabled, the driveway is very steep so to open the garage from the outside. My partner will get out the car, go through the front door, through the deck then into the garage and press the button to open it. But when it’s just me. I can’t do it as the driveway is too steep and I could fall over easily. I’ve told them all that and that hasn’t changed anything.  Does your lease say you’re entitled to a garage? If not, they may not be required to provide either the garage or the remote. Do you have other ways to get into the garage than this remote, such as getting out of the car and typing a code on a key pad? If so, then they may not be required to provide the remote.  Oh shit. My bad. I meant garage remote 😓 The lease doesn’t say anything about the garage or the remote. It just states that anything mechanically needs to be fixed within 4-6 weeks of reporting it I’m confused, why did they take your house key if they’re fixing your garage remote? Do you have a spare key? What does your lease say (if anything) about the garage remote, entry to the garage, and keys?  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.