  "Scuf released a new line of premium "Vantage" controllers last year. They marketed aggressively across a diverse set of gaming news sites, gaming product review sites, as well as a huge number of media influencers stating specifically that the controller would launch for PS4 AND PC in fall 2018. Article after article, video after video clearly state that the controller would launch for both platforms, Playstation and PC, fall 2018, and specifications for both systems were provided. As of yet, more than half a year after launch, we don't have PC support, meaning the $230 controller is nearly worthless to me and thousands of others until they finish the required driver set. Their return policy doesn't allow for returns based on this issue and they have locked out customer service requests on the topic. These articles and reviews all featured the same specifications, for both Playstation and PC, clearly provided by Scuf in addition to other taking points. These influencers dont have any motive for providing these specs unless they were received from Scuf. All the while Scuf never actually claimed PC support on their website, being careful to only show support specs for PS4 there. When the box arrives it says only "for PS4." Scuf claims to be working on it but doesn't offer returns based on having bought it expecting to use it with PC. The link below represents the type of reporting common leading up to launch. Recent searches link to articles scrubbed of any PC support reference." This is the complaint that I have filed with the BBB minis the part about their last public comment and I think it best describes my issue. I have been tweeting at them today and their customer service team did make a reply saying the same thing they have for months. "We don't know when be patient" If they offered me a refund at this point I wouldn't take it because I feel lied to. Do I have a case? Does the providing influencers with talking points count as advertising? I tried to post this with links to news articles and influencer videos where it was stated that it would have PC support but automod doesn't like links I guess. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Ok so you are just a rude asshole then. Great I appreciate your insight. I'm not attacking your intelligence, I'm attacking your myopic, childish sense of entitlement. Well that is the specific information I wanted. So even if I were able to prove that they had claimed PC support at launch it wouldn't be worth it? A friend of mine is one of a group of youtubers who recieved a review sample and has specific talking points provided by the company. These sorts of cases couldn't go class if I were to gather a group of other claimaints?  Re reading your comment I do believe I have the documentation you are talking about. I would again like to reitterate that they specifically stated launch support for the PC and it caused quite a stir amogst users who found out only after recieving the product in the mail that it wouldn't work for them until some future tbd.  't say it directly? Yes. If I make a silly or wrong claim about a Chevrolet in my YouTube video, that doesn't make General Motors responsible for my claim. Even if they loaned me the car to make my review. That could be different if you can establish in some way that the company was the source of that information. But it is fairly likely that the language was given to the reviewers in a way that allowed latitude. "We're working on PC support" wouldn't be actionable in most cases. "We'll have PC support by 1/1/2019" might be. But would be a fairly complicated argument. And undoubtedly not worth the $230 you stand to gain in litigating it.  Listen I'm not a lawyer. If you want to attack my intelligence based on my limited understanding of the law then fine but I am here to get specifics about claims in advertising pertaining to paid reviews and industry talking point.  I appreciate your insight. I also understand what you're saying about my maximum recourse being a refund and that I should be happy with it but their customer service system has locked out requests on the issue and myself and others have made posts about being denied refunds for the issue. Do you have insight as to the specifics of talking points in advertising? The information I used before making the decision to purchase the controller was based on reviews and hands on with product provided by Scuf. Does a claim via an ad partner not count as a claim from the company just because they didn't say it directly? Gamers and laughable false-advertising claims: name a more iconic duo.   't take it because I feel lied to. That part is silly. At most you would have a claim to your money back for the product. It sounds as though they were careful not to promise PC support when you purchased the product. If you can find a specific representation by the seller that it would work for PC, you might raise an argument. Though there would still be some questions about what they represented and when, and why perhaps you didn't return the product during the return period. If you can't find such representation, it wouldn't appear you have a case at all. The fact that a third party said it would have PC support (or more probably that PC support is planned) doesn't really help your case. 