 Location: Chicago, Illinois I had the electrical service line, meter socket, and electrical panel replaced at my house a few months ago by an electrician. His vehicle, card, quotes, etc... all say 'Licensed, Bonded, Insured', so I figured he was legitimate. I asked if we needed a permit for work and he told me we didn't. I'm a new homeowner, so I went along with the electrician. I figured we're just replacing basically in-kind with what was there before. The work was completed and looked fine to me. Total cost was around $5k. Unfortunately, I received a Notice of Violation from the city recently for not having a permit for the work. I called the electrician and he said that he doesn't have a Chicago license. He said he has a license in another city nearby. I asked if he could find a Chicago licensed electrician to pull a permit for his work. He said he would get back to me in a week. I called back after a week and he said he couldn't find anyone. He asked for another day to see if he could get a Chicago license. He has not responded in over two weeks. I have emailed him that if he is unable to correct the issue that I will request reimbursement for whatever it costs for me to pay another electrician to get a permit and make any corrections needed. I have called around and got quotes in the $1,000 to $1,500 range. The first electrician did not ground the panel according to code, so that will require some work. I called the other city he claimed he is licensed to request his bond information. The city told me that his license expired in 2017 and no bond is shown. Do I have any standing to be reimbursed for at least the additional cost for the second (licensed) electrician? Should I pursue anything additional? Should I report him to the city or another authority for claiming to be licensed? Is this fraud to claim he's licensed? [http://www.querrey.com/images/LawManual/ch6\_F.pdf](http://www.querrey.com/images/LawManual/ch6_F.pdf) A summary of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act that I found. It seems the criteria are met. I was misled regarding his license status, hired him assuming he had a license, and I have actual damages to remedy the situation. I suppose I should call a local attorney to verify.  I don't know Illinos law, but in California, where I'm licensed, they have penalties for contractors who work without a license. Illinois may have similar laws. You should consult with a local attorney who handles construction cases. He/she could probably tell you immediately whether a similar law exists in Illinois. There is also a ground rod, but code requires the ground rod and grounding to the water service line (not just any place on the water pipes in the house). Uh no. He should have driven a ground rod into the earth and ran back to the panel from that. At least have you a ground. If I were to try to recover all of the money, would he have any claim on the materials? Pipe, panel, etc... or does it belong to me at this point? To clarify on the grounding, he grounded the panel to the nearest water pipe, not on the water service line side that the code specifies. So it was grounded, just not to code. Not totally reckless.  It sounds like you can probably bring causes of action against this guy for fraud and breach of contract. Some jurisdictions do not allow an unlicensed contractor to collect money for his work. If that's the case in your state, then you'd be entitled to recover everything you paid him and likely other damages as well. Grounding an electrical panel is a basic safety measure. Failing to do so is very dangerous. This guy sounds like a danger to the community. I'd consider reporting him to the police.