 Bought a house in Virginia in June, had inspections done and the such. There were a few things that came back electrically that needed fixed, it appears they were, but more and more things keep cropping up now that we have been in the house. The husband was an electrician that did a bunch of work that doesn't seem to code. A few things that are happening: 1 - Can't turn on the under cabinet lighting in the kitchen without it sparking when cooking (it's ok when not cooking but when it does this) 2 - Had to remove the under-cabinet lighting in the office because half of it didn't work 3 - Was just in the bathroom thought a bulb went out, while washing my hands tapped on the sink and the light came back on 4 - During inspection it was noted the electrical box was unlabeled, it was labeled but NONE OF IT IS CORRECT, we tripped a circuit while blowing leaves today and it's literally labeled GFCI, WTF 5 - Multiple outlets in the house do not work, they were asked to be fixed prior to closing but were only partially fixed Do I have any legal recourse on any of this, we were out of town when the owner moved and our realtor checked things? The owner rented the house from us for a week while they moved after closing and we were moving our stuff here while that was going on, from out of state. Ultimately, the friends / businesses were contracted to the previous owners, so if the work wasn't completed correctly, it's a matter between those contractors and the previous owners. You could try to contact them yourself, but it would be difficult to legally compel them to do anything. You might want to reach out to your buyer's agent to see if they have any ability to exert some leverage here. Particularly if it is in the addendum that certain items be fixed, and they were not. But ultimately, the pre-closing inspection was the time to do this. If you believe your agent was negligent in their duties during that time period, you could try to make an issue with them. Maybe start wit the agent, and if you don't get results, escalate to their brokerage. But again, I'm not sure you have anything legally actionable. If you're worried about your home burning down, you should get an electrical contractor in to make an assessment.  Home sales in Virginia are typically as is where is. Did you inspect prior to closing? That was your opportunity to catch anything you asked to be fixed prior to closing. Unless you were told something specifically, and have evidence of having been told that, which turned out to be untrue, you don't really have much recourse. BTW - GFI outlets are designed to trip. If either 1: The draw exceeds the rating for the circuit (as with any circuit breaker) or 2: If there is a fault in the ground. It failing when using a leaf blower, particularly if there's other things drawing a load on that circuit, is not defective behavior.