 I’m going to keep this really straightforward. In 2015, I was raped. I reported it to my school as my rapist was a student there. My rapist admitted to what he did at first. Then, after realizing the amount of trouble he was in, he rescinded that. After an investigation, he was found guilty. He was expelled and because he was an international student, his student visa was revoked. I graduated in May 2018. I recently saw that my school releases crime statistics every year. They have “rapes occurring in off-campus building” as “0” for 2015. That can’t be right as my rape was in an off-campus building and occurred in 2015. I thought maybe they mixed the date up, but from 2014-2017, they are reporting 0 rapes in off-campus buildings. I’m hoping to either begin a class action law suit against the university as I’m sure they are attempting to erase far more than just my experience. I am also open to reaching a financial settlement. Or I am also open to them having to release an apology statement and amend the statistic. Basically I just want something, anything, to be done. I have left several voicemails to the school’s Title IX office and they have all gone unanswered. Will a lawyer take this on?  Hi boobie It sucks, but people are legally allowed to lie.  That’s okay. I’m glad they aren’t falsifying statistics.  I don't like being right sometimes. I'm sorry you have this story to share in the first place. Yep! You were right. They only have to report it if it occurred in a building associated with the school in some capacity. It’s the Clergy Act of 2013.  I wonder if they'd say they have a different definition for "off-campus." Maybe an administrative building or an athletic practice facility located somewhere else. I thought that at first too, however the report specifies that investigations conducted by the school are reflected in the statistics.  Universities don't pass judgment the same way civil authorities do. If it went to the police and charges were brought, it may have been different. This fellow doesn't get a mark on his record so to speak, so in the eyes of the justice system, no charges, no conviction.  It is possible. But if you want to try, stop trying to contact the school on your own. I hope you get ‘em. This is despicable!