 I highly doubtful she is going to. I already called her mom (one of the people she said she was going to tell) and explained what happened and she said she'd back me up. I also made it clear to her that I have a video of her saying she's going to do all that stuff. I think she's specifically says shes going to lie to them in the video as well. I don't want to press charges and I don't want a big legal situation coming out of this, but how do I proceed? This just happened, should I call a non-emergency police line preemptively and just warn them that this happened over the phone? Or should I just do nothing? Both her mom and I highly doubtful she's actually going to involve the cops or anything like that but I feel as though I should be safe rather than sorry. Some advice would be much appreciated. In Idaho in case it matters.  You could ask to talk to an officer about harrasment. Between threatening physical harm and false accusations they'll probably file a report even if you don't press charges and it'll be on record. Also, did she know you were recording? In some states it's illegal to film/record someone without their consent and you wouldn't be able to use that in your defense. Although it appears Idaho is a one person consent state so you should be good! That's threatening to assault you or have you assaulted. Make the report.  That's what they do. Try to avoid them from now on. Not to my life, just that she wanted to hit me or was going to hit me, or have people come kick my ass and stuff like that. Again, I'm guessing they're empty threats. Is that something to call the police station about and let them know it happened? I don't think further things are going to arise from this, but I'm wrong a lot.  If she’s made threats on your life, yeah, you can file a police report.  Well yeah, I was basically asking if I should preemptively call the police station and explain that happened. And I'm not sure how many are in the recording I took, but there were definitely lots of threats of violence and getting people to come commit acts of violence against me, which is the only reason I mentioned charges or anything.  You can’t force someone/prevent them from making false charges. You also can’t “press charges” on them for saying they’re going to. Your best bet is to block the person on all media, do not respond even if provoked, and document everything. If you’re contacted by police, don’t speak to them without an attorney.