 I had consented to protected sex with a guy, he removed the condom without my knowledge. I didn’t realize this until he ejaculated inside me and I felt it. I asked him what he had just done and he said “oh, it’s this trick that guys do”. I made him leave because I was extremely distraught and crying. I texted him and asked him what had happened. He kept changing his story. At first he told me that he took the condom off, then pulled out. He told me that what I had felt was just it leaking onto my vagina. After I had told him that I feel as if I was sexually assaulted, he changed his story and said that he never removed the condom at all. I only consented to protected sex. I did not consent to unprotected sex. He came to my house with plan b about 2 hours later and held it captive until he got on video that I consented to protected sex and that he never removed the condom. I HAD to. I had no other means of acquiring plan b because I am only 16. Would this even stand in a court of law? I have all the screenshots as proof, saying that he removed the condom. Plan b is only 95% effective. I feel raped. I have a heavy sense of grief and anxiety. I’m only 16 and this was my first time. Is there anything that could be done legally? He has blocked me on everything and made me delete his number in front of him, I still have his number because he’s an idiot and doesn’t realize it still shows up in recents. Please help, non legal advice would be appreciated in my inbox as well. Thank you.  Locking. Excessive off topic comments Downvoted until you show me the Nevada statute making this illegal It is illegal in Sweden at least. This is exactly why Julian Assange has spent the last eight years in the Ecuador embassy in London hiding from extradition. Wouldn't the video actually work against the guy because it proves her point? Like, who makes their sex partner make videos like that?  Don’t be a whore at 16 and it wouldn’t be an issue. I am terribly sorry you had to experience this. I can not offer legal advice, however I have helped someone through a sexual trauma. My advice to you is to talk to a few people about it. I know it is scary and some even feel embarrassed but burying these emotions causes more grief in the long run. Please seek help for your own sake. My best to you and know you are not alone. I can’t see any NV criminal laws that he violated unless you contracted an std (Nev. Rev. Stat. § 441A.180) Wrong. Nevada does not define stealthing as “illegal”. As far as her age, it’s 16. That’s the legal age of consent in NV.  You do not need parental consent to purchase emergency contraceptive in Nevada. As long as you have the money you can buy it on your own Bad advice. Removed.  Bad advice. Removed.  OP, it’s illegal on many levels. Your age, the lack of consent and the coercion for the Plan B. Please tell your parents so they can get you to the hospital for an exam and meds to combat any potential STDs (I know you took the plan b but I don’t know if it prevents STDs in addition to pregnancy to be honest.) You were assaulted, I’m so sorry.  No, it is not. And you will refrain from making that claim in here if you want to continue commenting in this sub.  Quit posting this in this sub. Your opinion is not how the law works.  See above post, it's incorrect information.  Nevada law specifically states sexual assault to be sex with children under the age of 16, and statutory sexual seduction is broken out into 2 crimes: a felony for an offender over 21 and a victim under 16, and a misdemeanor for an offender between 18-21 and a victim under 16. So, someone who is 19 that has consensual sex with someone that is under 18 but at least 16 is legal. This seems like something important to point out and should definitely be reported by OP. . . IANAL, but, wouldn't the video of you saying that you consented to this happening be considered coercion? As long as you have the initial messages with time stamps from him admitting it, I don't think that the video should matter.  IAMA lawyer. That's an assault. So here is where gray areas of the age of consent come into to play. Nevada law states that age of consent is 16, but this only applies to partners that are 18 and under. Someone who is 19 that has consensual sex with someone under the age of 18, but is at least 16 is illegal. This can be prosecuted as sexual misconduct, or as statutory rape. This guy is pure slime on many different levels. I would contact RAINN at 1-800-656-HOPE. If this isn't sexual assualt and coercion I don't know what is. What the law says may be different, though. So here is were gray areas of age of consent come into to play. Nevada law states that age of consent is 16 but this only applies to partners that are 18 and under. Someone who is 19 that has consensual sex with someone under the age of 18 but is at least 16 is illegal. This can be prosecuted as sexual misconduct, or as statutory rape.  [removed] Whether or not it is law YET- it is rape. I would still get the rape kit. She has been exposed to STI now as well. This is a true violation of consent. I’m sure a good lawyer could find something to charge him with. No 1. The plan B will work. No 2. This guy is evil and yes you were raped. Go to the hospital if you can to get a rape kit. No. 3. Get a lawyer, and bust this guy. I have a 16 year old daughter and this post infuriates me, I’m very sorry this happened to you. I agree. What that dude did was absolute horrid. He should face some kind of consequence for it.  I hear you on this. The exact same thing happened to me (not my first time and I'm 30) but I was really shocked by it! I spoke to him afterwards (he was slot more understanding than the asshole you slept with). I seemed he honestly didn't think about it like that, but after I explained to him how it made me feel (like you, violated, angry, like my trust had been abused) he definitely got it. It was not ok what he did. After speaking to a bunch of friends slot of them said the same thing had happened to them , and that guys are sometimes just dumb and do stupid things?! Poor excuse in my opinion !! There was no information about any ages in the original post I responded to.  This was absolutely a rape. Rape is not as simple as "oh I consented, therefore you my do anything you like with my body." Rape can occur when someone consents to a specific act (I.E. Sex with a condom) and the other person decides to ignore that the person's consent had a stipulation. Further, rape can occur even when consent is given, if consent is rescinded (even during the act). If I told someone that I consented to sex with a condom and the condom was removed during sex, my consent was rescinded the moment the condom was removed, and this is exactly what happened to this young woman.  Calm down, Phoenix Wright. It was obviously a Reddit formatting error. Even if what he did is not legally rape or sexual assault, there's nothing to stop you reporting what happened to the police.  IANAL, but I believe the age of consent is 18 in NV and because of their ages, he is guilty of statutory rape. It appears (unfortunately) that you are correct, and no states have specifically classified this as rape. =2954726 When was this? If you feel comfortable telling your parents, because this would most likely need to go through insurance to be affordable, copper IUDs are the most effective form of emergency birth control. [99.9% efficacy within 5 days.]() Some STDs have months of incubation period. So even if all tests are negative you have to repeat some later on to be sure. Ask your doctor. If a 16 y/o came to me with this story I would buy Plan B for them in a heartbeat. I don't mind if this gets removed because it's not "advice" just thought I'd share my thought (maybe it will help? idk) I'm certain there are others who would too.  This is one of those common misconceptions on Reddit, along with "prenuptials are NEVER enforceable and neither are non-compete agreements!"   't rape because Nevada hasn't classified "stealthing" as rape yet. Some states have specifically changed their laws to include this behavior. I wasn't aware any states had. Which ones now classify stealthing as rape? I just edited to “he is 19” (so it would show up on all devices) instead of just “19” click on my link.  Lol, we can see that you just edited it.  FYI: reddit thinks you're trying to make a list because you started the line with a number followed by a dot. For some reason, it forces lists to start at 1. That's why it's not showing up as 19. [19]()  No, you typed "1." He is 19. I just said that. You didn't answer the question. How old is HE It's being mulled over and formulated. Whatever.  If it's in committee that means they are thinking of changing the law, the decision of a committee would not apply to events that have already happened. You are correct. It is still in committee in Nevada as the fundamentals of the law are being worked out. That person is not correct about whether that law applies to stealthing. Nevada has not formally made that determination as of yet. You are welcome to report the incident, but be prepared for the likelihood that this is not a crime in Nevada.  Wrong. Nevada has yet to determine if stealthing is sexual assault under their current laws. Comment removed.  NRS 200.366 Sexual assault: Definition; penalties; exclusions. 1. A person is guilty of sexual assault if he or she: (a) Subjects another person to sexual penetration, or forces another person to make a sexual penetration on himself or herself or another, or on a beast, against the will of the victim or under conditions in which the perpetrator knows or should know that the victim is mentally or physically incapable of resisting or understanding the nature of his or her conduct; (Copied from another comment) I only gave consent to protected sex so it is sexual assault.  NRS 200.366 Sexual assault: Definition; penalties; exclusions. 1. A person is guilty of sexual assault if he or she: (a) Subjects another person to sexual penetration, or forces another person to make a sexual penetration on himself or herself or another, or on a beast, against the will of the victim or under conditions in which the perpetrator knows or should know that the victim is mentally or physically incapable of resisting or understanding the nature of his or her conduct; \_\_\_\_\_\_ You gave consent to PROTECTED sex. Unprotected sex was against your will. He committed a crime.  You couldn’t be more incorrect, and you need to stop perpetuating bad information about how the law views this issue. Do not comment in this sub if you don’t know the law.  Go to the police.  No worries. Do reach out to RAINN, you can keep things confidential. I would suggest that moving on some of these things sooner than later is better for evidence purposes but obviously you have the right to decide what happens. Actually, this probably isn’t a stretch. If I decide to tell my parents and go though with legal/medical action I will definitely talk to them about this. I told him time and time again not to show up at my house. I told him we need to meet in a public place. I told him that he was not allowed on my property. I told him that I wouldn’t be there when he showed up. I told him that I would call the police if he did. He showed up anyway, and after a few missed called I opened my window and that’s when the video happened. I didn’t consent to being videoed inside of my own house and I did not consent to him being on my property either. Thank you!  Go straight to the ER. Request a Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner, immediately. Once you're there, call the nearest rape crisis center and request an advocate to meet you at the hospital, ASAP. ::big tight hug if you want one:: These are trained professionals and they will help you every step of the way. &lt;3 While it may not be considered “rape” per se, stealthing is consider sexual assault in quite a few countries and US states.  That is wrong. Completely wrong. Why do you think this is legally rape? OP - edit the post, delete the request for people to PM you/contact you, and let the mods know. They'll let the post go through. I meant the other guy 19. Legal age of consent is 16. How old is they guy? Read what I wrote. Incorrect. Rape is when one does not or cannot consent.  OP - I'm sorry you're going through this. First, if this recently happened go get medical attention and treatment for both possible exposure to STDs and pregnancy. You should take a STD test regardless and there are great support groups like RAINN that can help you. You should reach out to them. As to your actual question, it likely wasn't rape because Nevada hasn't classified "stealthing" as rape yet. Some states have specifically changed their laws to include this behavior. If you get a STD from this it might become a criminal act. Again I'm incredibly sorry that you are going through this. I guess I can leave for work late tomorrow and legally speed. Where are you getting that it was legally rape from?  Go immediately to your parents, then a lawyer, then the police. This was legally rape. The video will be proven false by your own photos of his admittance to the crime.