 Usual disclaimers: LTL, FTP, mobile, throwaway, wall of text, etc. I am pretty sure that I already know the answer to this, but figured I would post here to get some outside points of view just in case. My husband works for a company as a commission based employee, meaning that he performs a service for the client and receives a set percentage of the total charged to the client as compensation, and the company takes the remainder. In his line of work it is not uncommon for people to be hired as contracted employees; meaning no benefits, no taxes or social security taken out of their checks, and at tax time they have to file as self employed. This is not the case for my husband, his employer takes out all deductions and taxes just like if he were an hourly or salaries employee. The one major disadvantage to this line of work is that most places will not offer any type of personal time off (PTO) to people in this line of work, unless they are a major corporation. This makes a fair bit of sense since if the employee isn’t there to render the services requested by the clients there is no income coming in and the company thereby loses money. So anytime we take a vacation we always have to make sure that we have enough money saved up for the loss of income, which hasn’t been that big of a deal. In November of 2016, a bill passed requiring all employers to provide employees with paid sick time. The specific provisions were that based on the number of employees would determine the minimum number of hours the employee had to be able to earn (1-14 employees: 24 hours, 15+ employees: 40 hours). This law also had an exception written in that if the company had its own PTO policy that met or exceeded the statutory minimums that the employer was not required to provide any additional sick time on top of the PTO. To back up a little, when my husband to started working for this company it was owned and operated by one person, that person then decided earlier this year to sell the business to a corporation. When this corporation took over my husband was offered insurances (life, health, dental, short-term disability, etc.) and a retirement plan. As far on-boarding paperwork goes he was provided with an employee handbook and an explanation of the different insurances offered, nothing else in the way of policies or documentation. The employee handbook outlined the standard welcome messages, mission statement, code of conduct, explanation of benefits, and different classifications of employees. All the standard stuff. Under the employee classifications it outline three specific groups: Temporary/Contracted Employees - Employees who were only hired on for a limited period of time or for a specific job. Part/Full-Time Employees - Employees who are considered permanent employees and may be eligible for benefits. FLSA Exempt Employees - Employees who are exempted from the Fair Labor Standards Act who draw a set salary regardless of hours worked (not hourly employees). Now, in Arizona in order to be considered a contractor you have to sign an independent contractor agreement, which my husband never has with this company. But this is not relevant as the employee handbook specifically states that contracted and temporary employees are not eligible for any benefits. The handbook goes on to state that full time employees are the ones eligible for benefits. Based on this, and the fact that they offer him insurances and a retirement plan, that he is a full-time employee of this company and not part time. The employee handbook does not in any section differentiate between hourly and commission based employees. Nor can I turn up any policies on their website (public or through the employee portal) that makes this differentiation either. This is where my bone of contention lies: they have provided no formal policy that distinguishes commission based employees from hourly employees, but state that because of this difference they will only provide him with the minimum required sick leave as obligated by law despite the fact that they are affording him access to all of the other full-time employee benefits granted to hourly employees. I am guessing that we probably don’t have a case, but it seems a little slanted that they would give him access to more than half of the employee benefits, but deny him the PTO. I have the name of an employment/labor law attorney in my state, but I am not sure if it would be worth the consultation fee. Thanks in advance. 