  I asked this on an attorney website and I decided to also ask it here. Thanks for the help! I was hired as a seasonal worker for a job in Twinsburg, Ohio in November 2018. I was assigned to go to an orientation the day after Thanksgiving, but cancelled and rescheduled it the night before, to the following week. I attended the newly rescheduled orientation and didn't receive an employee badge, yet I received a work schedule, and dates for training. However, I couldn't log in to their database. Later that day, I called HR with the intent to reschedule my work, and learned I was terminated for not attending orientation, which I just came from. I was also paid for the orientation. I spent the next week or so calling back and opening a support ticket to resolve my situation. Finally I was rehired. When I showed up for my next scheduled training day, I was turned away again, with a claim that I was still terminated and that they didn't have anymore training days scheduled in the future (which are required to work there). I contacted HR again about this situation, and was told to just resign and re-apply. I refused and waited out my remaining time, until I got a call from the company in January congratulating me for my work this season and ending my work for the season. Here is additional info from a response I made on that attorney website: Thank you very much for taking the time to respond. I tried to fit as much detail as I could due to the character limitation, so I apologize if I wasn't as clear as I should have been. I am aware Ohio is an at-will state, and I am not looking for a discrimination case. This seems to me like their mistake led to me not being able to work at all. As I mentioned, they did hire me back, but while I was "employed" I could not work as I couldn't attend the mandatory training sessions (that were also rescheduled without my knowledge) while I was still considered terminated, and they had no plans to schedule anymore. I am merely wondering if it is possible to be reimbursed or compensated for money I could have made if I was able to work for the duration of my work. Since I intended to make some money for the holidays and personal debt, I missed out on buying what I intended to buy (which is pretty trivial but I ended up having to cancel my longtime pre-ordered purchase), and I even missed a few payments for my debt which I could have paid if I was employed for that time. TLDR; I was hired as a seasonal warehouse associate, attended orientation, was terminated for not attending said orientation, subsequently rehired, then couldn't work since I missed the mandatory training days while wrongfully terminated. I'm simply wondering if there's any way I can be compensated for this. Again, I thank anyone who can help me in this situation! I apologize for any spacing errors, since this was kinda hastily copied and pasted. I am happy to have helped. I really, truly do understand why it seems wrong to you, and how rough it is to find work at times. On the topic of wanting to study law -- art is a perfectly acceptable undergraduate degree. Law students do not necessarily have to have "pre-law" as a major. Your admissibility will be a function of LSAT score, grades, personality at interview, and oddball social factors like "students who rank lower but are legacy of donors so they are granted admission." If you study law on your own then go to law school, you will spend your first year just un-learning what you thought from being an autodidact. Find LSAT pracrice tests instead. Take care!  Alright, I understand. Thank you very much for your help. It has been bothering me for quite a while. I'm in a crappy situation right now and still struggling to find work, and I'm even starting to study law myself at the moment in the hopes to get into a law school one day. My grades were good but it's only if I can convince a school why I switched from art to law. But I'm still trying and I feel like I at least got some closure from this situation even though I don't like the results. All I can do is move on and hope for better luck in the future.   't even take advantage of the fact that their reason for my termination was incorrect? Right. The fact it was a mistake does not rise to the level of having liability. This goes back to the no legal promise of work under at-will thing. 't be punished at all for it? Not punished under the law yourself, but you would probably be fired for cause and your employer sued. Let's say your work has a policy of no green pants, but you get fired for wearing blue pants because they made a mistake. Those are both perfectly legal reasons to fire you, and in either, your remedy would be to collect unemployment if you were otherwise eligible. You would not be able to sue, because under at will you had no promise of employment and it did not arise to a civil tort like firing someone for a disability is. It does not matter if it was wrong or right because there is nothing like a permanent record this would tarnish. The fact they made a mistake to cause the relationship to be prematurely severed is not legally relevant here. This is what I do understand why you feel it could or should be, but it is not. 'm just trying to be a thorough as possible about this. Also, an employer can't get in trouble for costing an employee their job as opposed to just firing them? Correct. The remedy an employee has for losing their job through no fault of their own is almost always collecting unemployment. If for one of a handful of protected reasons, such as discrimination or retaliation for certain protected acts like filing a wage claim, it might be possible to pursue relief in civil court as well. This would have a remedy of you filing for unemployment, but it is very unlikely you qualify unless you have been working for the prior 5 quarters and left another job specifically to take this job. . It's just that detail that I was terminated for the wrong reason and subsequently kept from working that bothers me. I do understand this, completely. There is little so agonizing in life than knowing something disappointing and frustrating came about through not your fault, or even malice of another, but of a silly error. However, you'll get a lot farther if you can learn to move past and let go of those sort of things, as all they can do is eat ulcers in your stomach.  So I can't even take advantage of the fact that their reason for my termination was incorrect? Like if I was a boss and fired them because I thought they had 6 fingers or something even though they do have 5 and they proved me wrong. I wouldn't be punished at all for it? The examples you provided showed that the reasons for firing were backed up by the truth (One was for no reason and the other example assumes the person was wearing gray socks or something and was fired as a result). I do appreciate your help but I'm just trying to be a thorough as possible about this. Also, an employer can't get in trouble for costing an employee their job as opposed to just firing them? Like in this case they could have just not told me why I was fired and I would have moved on. It's just that detail that I was terminated for the wrong reason and subsequently kept from working that bothers me.  Let me try to explain at-will. An employer does not need to have a reason to terminate you. They can not terminate for thinks like race or religion, but they can for things like "you wear grey socks" or "we screwed up your onboarding." Those are legal reasons to terminate someone's employment. This is the default in 49 of the 50 states, and the exception isn't even that much different, honestly. If you had already been working and were discharged at-will/without cause, you could have collected unemployment. (If you quit a job to work at this place, you probably could have collected unemployment as well.) But the fact they could discharge you at any time for nearly any or for no reason means there was no promise of work, even if your onboarding was not messed up. You can not sue for that money because there is no way to guarantee you would have earned it. You can not sue for things that might have happened, or probably would have happened. The standard is is "I lost $X only because of Y." You can show the Y as their mistake, but not the X because you had no contractual promise of work, even if hired and on the schedule. I really do understand why it seems like you might be owed money -- they messed up and it cost you a season of work. But the USA very rarely uses bona fide employment contracts (and not for this type of job,) and that is the only way you could show you had actual damages. The contract itself would say 'if we fail to provide the work, then we will pay you (some amount of money.) I also understand it is frustrating to wrap your head around legal concepts, and frankly the entire way we came to have at-will employment is stupid. But that is our system, and we need to deal with it, even including being bummed out when we have no legal remedy for an employers mistake.  I'm just trying to get as much info as possible. You kept bringing up the at will situation. I'm just saying that they fired for the wrong reason. I was not "not trained" because I refused to reapply. Should that even count since they acknowledged their mistake and rehired me? They could have easily just fired me without telling me that reason, right? That's why I'm questioning this so much. Also, I refused to reapply because that would have started the whole process over (which already took a few weeks and Christmas was coming up soon) and they weren't hiring anymore from their website. Again, this is their screw up, but apparently that doesn't matter and nothing can be done about that then, right?  Why do you assume I do not understand that? I understood it perfectly. You were hired. You attended orientation. They made a mistake and thought you did not, and terminated you. (They did pay you for this though.) You showed them you were there. They rehired you. There was still an error that showed you as ineligible to start training. They told you to resign and reapply. You refused. You were not trained. You did not work any hours. You got a generic form letter sent to all seasonal hired stating the season and employment has terminated. You think this means you are entitled to pay. I do not understand why. Nowhere in the above did I write "you signed a contract guaranteeing you X hours of work for Y pay," nor "you worked X hours." Those are the only two ways they might owe you money. You do not have to believe me, but I am not going to change my explanation because you don't seem to be willing to believe me, either. Did you want the right answer, or did you just want someone to tell you what you wanted to hear?  You don't seem to understand that I was re hired. I had a schedule and everything that I could not attend. At the location I was told I was terminated, but in the database I was hired and still getting absent penalties as if I was just not showing up for work. It's a stupid law if something like this can just fly under the radar. I was essentially lied to by the company. That's my biggest concern.  Yes, this is exactly what I am telling you. As an at-will employee, you are not legally owed work from them, even if hired ten times over. You can sue because they never owed you the work to begin with. This is what at-will means. Fault is not relevant. The only thing you are owed for is hours you worked, not hours you might have worked if things had not gotten confused. Again, I understand why you might feel otherwise. However, the law is very clear on this. You have nothing to sue for.  So you're telling me that the fact that they terminated me for the duration of when they were having mandatory training sessions that I couldn't attend while terminated, is something they cannot be held accountable for? They should have known that I could not be trained and therefore couldn't work before they rehired me. I was initially terminated for not attending the orientation, which I did, and they corrected the mistake. But apparently it was too late when they did it. Nothing can be done about that? I'm not just worried about the termination, but the fact I couldn't work while I was officially hired because of missing mandatory training that they prevented me from being able to attend.  It does not require fault on your behalf. You could have been discharged on your first day during the first two minutes and still only be owed for hours worked. It is not the company's fault you were unable to find other work. I do understand why you feel this should be different, but you did not have a bona fide employment contract that promised you any work. You are only owed pay for hours actually worked. There is nothing to pursue here.  It was not my fault though. This was their mistake and I was on time and passed required drug and background tests. I could not have gotten another job as this was the first and only out of many applications that responded to me. I have no luck getting even fast food jobs. Pretty much every other job asks for experience I didn't have and it would have taken more weeks to get proper responses from other jobs. This company supposedly hired anyone and a mistake from the company is what screwed me over. You are owed compensation for any hours you actually worked. As an at will employee, you were not guaranteed any work and can not pursue compensation for time not worked. You knew you were not going to be given training or hours and could have gotten a different job. 