 Is anyone a lawyer or paralegal in Pennsylvania? I have a quick question. Also, a good story... tl:dr... Is it legal to watch or listen to streaming from your own home over a baby monitor while other people (like employees, cleaning staff) are in it? Video only in non-private spaces like living room and play room. It’s NOT recorded or saved at all. Yesterday, I had a cleaning lady clean my house and they broke my microwave (I opened it and the vent just fell off and the legs are broken inside so I can’t fix it) and damaged my vacuum (the cord is sort of shredded in one spot. Not to mention, they did a mediocre job cleaning (see photos). She was 45 minutes late. I requested she wait two minutes so I could give her a check but she just left and demanded I pay on Venmo (no protection, my first mistake). She told me $80 an hour and then charged me $240 for 2h45m. I immediately told her about the obvious things (stuff being streaky and not well cleaned, the hallway didn’t seem to be vacuumed, the faucets were only partially cleaned, the shower was barely touched, etc. She offered me a $25 discount. I paid $205. Then I found the broken microwave. It was several hours before I noticed the vacuum cord (as I vacuumed the hall they missed And my daughters bedroom). When I told her about the microwave, she called me SCREAMING AND CURSING ME OUT. She said I’m unethical and evil and people love her and she’s a good person. Umm, I teach ethics and communication for a major university. Okay. Then she screamed that I was “a spoiled fucking bitch who thinks [I’m] better than everyone because [I] have a nice house and a husband who takes care of [me]”. That is when I decided I need to go after her. First of all, she has no fucking idea what she’s talking about, my husband and I make the same amount of money and like hell is some dumb bitch going to try to throw some anti-feminist rhetoric at me without backlash. So I plan to take her to court for the cost of the cleaning, the microwave, and the vacuum. Is this feasible? I am a professor of communication, ethics, and management... I can’t believe any judge would take her word over mine? I may have messed up though. I told her I could hear her on the baby monitor saying “we need to get the fuck out of here, we broke her vacuum...” I turned the vacuum on as soon as I got home and it seemed fine so I thought maybe I misheard... the audio quality wasn’t great. It wasn’t until I fully unwrapped the cord to actually vacuum at like 9 pm that I found the damage. Can I still take her to court for the damage after admitting I listened to them on a baby monitor? It is not a true recording as it’s not saved anywhere, it’s just a live stream but she does have this in writing via text message. I left a review on her business page and she called me a psycho there too. She also admitted that she barely cleaned the shower because there was a lot of build up on it... why the F do you think I was paying someone to do it?!?! Someone please tell me I’m not screwed here. How can I tell if she’s bonded and insured? What are my chances of getting the vacuum, microwave, and cleaning costs in small claims court? Edited to add: she also wrote in her response to my review that my dog was out in the rain and came in and peed on a bathroom rug. 1. Why the fuck are they locking my dog outside in the rain. 2. Why wouldn’t you tell me so I could clean the mat? She can still sue you. She might not win a judgment but she could sue you. There’s no way around that. Remember that what you paid for the appliances isn’t what you are likely to get. You would get the used value. Which, again, is probably not worth the 10 hours-ish of your life to get the judgment let alone the time tracking her down to actually get paid if she doesn’t have insurance.  I don’t plan to mention the baby monitor, it doesn’t even matter. I just want to make sure she can’t sue me for it before I take her to small claims. She didn’t piss me off further... She hid the damage by how she wrapped the cord over it. The vacuum works, how can you possibly see damage to every piece of property in your home within an hour? Isn’t this exactly what small claims court is for? She ignored my demand for a refund. She’s not giving me anything. It’s a $500 vacuum and a $300 microwave. I don’t think doing nothing is an option.  I mean, the time to ask for proof of insurance and bond was before you let her in. You can ask her now but she’s probably not going to cooperate. If she’s not insured (if I had to bet, I’d bet not) she probably wouldn’t pursue you for listening over the baby monitor. But it might not be particularly convincing for you to say “I think I heard her say that she broke the vacuum over the monitor and no I don’t have a recording of it or her admitting it or a photo of the vacuum beforehand”. The judge will also find it odd that you supposedly heard her say she broke the vacuum but didn’t find the damage when you checked it, only finding something after she pissed you off further. All in all I’d say it’s not worth your time to pursue this beyond maybe a demand letter for reimbursement for the items broken. If she’s insured you might get a call from her insurer and settle it that way. It’s probably not worth your time to take it to court.  The device was in the living room/play room. Nowhere where privacy would be expected/assumed.  That is great for the future but it doesn’t help me on this one. This company claims to be bonded and insured but I don’t know how to check that. I just want to make sure I can take her to small claims without getting myself sued for the baby monitor.  It seems like you can cover your ass by disclosing to prospective housecleaners that you do live stream before they come and if they don’t agree they don’t work. That also achieves the goal of letting them know you are watching for half-assed work anyway. But don’t put any viewing/listening/recording device in the bathroom. It’s reasonable to expect that a cleaner may use the restroom while cleaning your home and they have a reasonable expectation of privacy. The best way to hire someone bonded and insured is to hire a cleaning service anyway, rather than individuals.  That’s not entirely true due to wire tapping laws and rooms where there is an expectation for privacy like a bathroom. Some states are duel consent states where written permission is required for audio recording and PA is one of them. My question is more about the definition of “recording” since this was a live feed and not saved anywhere temporarily or permanently. 🤔 Yes. You own the property, you can record, stream, and view as you wish.