 Title is pretty self-explanatory I guess but I will go in detail. I was looking through my spam folder in my email because I was looking for a specific school-related email and I saw an email where the subject of it was my email accounts password. I thought that was a little strange because how would this person know my email password. I read through the email and I was a little concerned because I'd rather not have this person be able to access my email, also I've changed most of them over time but this email password may be a password for other websites. This is what the email said: "I know is your pass words. Lets get directly to purpose. Neither anyone has paid me to check you. You do not know me ' and you are most likely wondering why you're getting this e mail?" "actually, i installed a software on the xxx vids (porno) web-site and there's more, you visited this site to have fun (you know what i mean). While you were viewing video clips, your browser started operating as a RDP that has a keylogger which provided me access to your display screen and cam. after that, my software program collected all your contacts from your Messenger, Facebook, as well as emailaccount. Next i created a video. First part displays the video you were viewing (you have a fine taste haha . . .), and second part shows the recording of your web cam, yea it is u" "You have got not one but two possibilities. Let us read up on each of these possibilities in details:" "First solution is to disregard this e mail. in such a case, i most certainly will send your recorded material to all your your personal contacts and then visualize about the awkwardness yo u will see. Not to forget if you are in an important relationship, just how it would affect?" "Number 2 option would be to compensate me USD 868. We will think of it as a donation. Then, i will immediately eliminate your video. You will continue on daily life like this never happened and you will not ever hear back again from me" He then talks about how to send him bitcoin etc. then says: "if you may be thinking about going to the cop, look, this message cannot be traced back to me. I have dealt with my steps. i am not attempting to charge you very much, i wish to be paid. right now if i don't get the ‌bi‌tco‌in‌, i will, no doubt send out your video recording to all of your contacts including relatives, coworkers, and so on. Nevertheless, if i receive the payment, i'll destroy the recording right away. If you want evidence, reply Yea and i will send your video to your 12 friends. it is a nonnegotiable offer, therefore do not waste my time and yours by replying to this mail. " A lot of things were puzzling in this email. I have no recollection of going on that website, it's very possible I have but it would've been on my iphone, definitely not on my laptop. I'm also not sure where this man got his information because he mentions I have a special someone in my life, which is in fact not true and I haven't had a girlfriend for years so unless he means my parents, I'm not sure which special person he would send it to. I know for a fact I wasn't doing anything illegal to, I'm a 19 year old college student currently living in california and nothing that he mentions would indicate I was breaking any law. The thing about this email though is that it's 11 days old, I would have never even came across it unless it was for this school email so if this person actually had something on me, wouldn't he have done something about it after I haven't responded in almost two weeks? If anyone has any ideas on what to do in this situation I would love some advice. I'm not super concerned considering 11 days has already passed and nothing as happened. I changed my facebook email and checked where it was logged in and nothing is out of the ordinary. I also changed my gmail account. I would rather not have a video of my face while I'm wanking it go out to all of my contacts, but I guess it's not the end of the world. Also I forgot to mention this but I currently live in California for school but my permanent address is in Washington. It’s spam, make sure you change your password and don’t pay That’s what I was thinking but I thought I’d just be safe. I was just concerned because if this person knows my password to my email what else could he have gotten from me. Sounds like the sender watched Black Mirror’s [Shut Up and Dance.]((Black_Mirror)) If you don’t recall visiting the website and a lot of the details not aligning with fact, I’d disregard it.  It’s a scam email. Ignore it 