  Hi so I am actually posting on behalf of my sister. This all happened in Colorado.My sister gave birth to my baby niece on January 26 and she had to have an emergency C-section in which no anesthesia was given. The experience was extremely painful and very Traumatic .She wants to know if she has any ground for a malpractice case. She was scheduled to have a natural childbirth on the 26th unless of course the baby started the process earlier. She was asked to come in at six in the morning that day and was given medication to induce labor. My sister says that she was there all morning and she never had any contractions she never dilated over 1 cm which is not enough for childbirth or her water to break. She says she was there the whole day and she didn’t get very many visits from the nurses or doctors they did have her hooked up to heart rate monitors for the baby and her self so she was unable to walk around or get out of her bed. Later that night around 12 AM the doctors were saying that the babies heart rate was getting kind a low so they started monitoring her more closely. At this point nobody talked to her about possibly having a C-section done or anything of the sort. The nurse leader came in and gave her an epidural which was supposed to numb her from the waist down. At this point my sister still thought she was having a natural childbirth because an epidural is not meant for surgery Or a C-section. her and her husband were just waiting in the room and out of nowhere a bunch of nurses and doctors rushed in the room and took her out they said we’re having a C-section because the babies heart rate is too low we cannot wait any longer. They rushed her husband out of the room and into the waiting room. She says when they began to cut she could feel absolutely everything and she told the doctor to stop but they continued to cut her open while the nurses held her down. Her husband says he could hear the screaming from the waiting room he was panicking pacing back-and-forth but nobody would tell him anything and they wouldn’t let him near the room. Eventually she passed out from the anesthesia which they provided after they had begin cutting her open she then remembers waking up and not being able to hold her baby for several hours she was in extreme pain the doctors wouldn’t tell her much other than it was an emergency and it doesn’t happen very often. Thankfully the baby is fine doesn’t seem to have any complications. My sister on the other hand is still suffering from severe pain she’s not sure if they left her OK internally or what exactly was done. Both her and her husband are very traumatized from this experience and I will both need counseling.I’m not sure if anything that occurred warrants a malpractice lawsuit but it doesn’t seem right to do nothing. They had all day to monitor and prepare her for the surgery and they waited until the absolute last second to do anything This easily could’ve resulted in the baby not making it or my sister not making it. I understand giving birth is Traumatic in itself but it shouldn’t come down to being cut open fully conscious and awake.  Yeah, they saved your nephew's life the only way they could. Be grateful. Very unlikely she has a case. Things can go sour very fast in a birth and yes, sometimes it comes down to being cut open before anaesthesia kicls in, sucks ass, but it does happen. It's probably not a case of 'they waited as long as possible doing nothing, watching a very slow motion train wreck with anticipation and spring into action 1 inch before the train hit the wall.' Most likely baby was ok, and suddenly the heart dropped rapidly or the cord prolapsed or she had an abruption or something else happened. And in such an emergency, you have only minutes to get the baby out before they start having brain damage. In the heat of the moment, there often isn't much time to explain what is going on (and with all the stress and exhaustion and everything else that happens with birth, it's possible she had some things explained to them and just either didn't understand and doesn't remember. Now that things have settles, she can ask to speak with the doctor and have a calm discussion about what happened. And she shouldn't worry about doctors leaving her 'internally ok' Of course they did, why wouldn't they have? and what was done is a c-section, nothing more, nothing alien. Not being able to hold the baby is normal. I had to wait a couple of hours as well, it doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things, nothing bad is going to happen because she didn't hold it in it's first hour. Pain is normal, she had surgery, it'll get better soon, she can ask her doctor for more painkillers if it's too bad. And yea, epidurals are absolutely meant for surgery, especially for c-section. Most c-sections are done with an epidural.   -section Uh yes it is, where the heck did you get that it is not meant for surgery? My sister had a C-section with an epidural, my mom had knee surgery with an epidural, my grandma had a hip replacement with an epidural (she was nuts, but to each their own. I wouldn't want to be awake and listen to the bone saw.) Surgery is painful to recover from. The problem with general anesthesia during a C-section is that the drugs get to the baby as well and can affect them, i.e. make them stop breathing and due to this is only used if the epidural fails as a last resort. A C-section wasn't medically necessary until the baby's heart rate started dropping. They wanted to give her body time to get with the program and start labor. If they had done the C-section at any point before that her insurance company would have thrown a fit and you would most likely be posting that her health insurance was denying her claim due to it being an "elective." Unfortunately in an emergency situation, it isn’t always prudent to wait for anesthetic like an epidural block to kick in. It does seem odd that a doctor never came in and spoke with them or spoke while going through the procedure- but it obviously was a whirlwind situation and I’d try to get their medical records (mom and baby) to have a full record before pursuing malpractice. 