 My husband and I are buying a house with my parents. My parents are giving the down-payment and then my husband and I will be responsible for the remaining mortgage. We have already been pre-approved for a VA loan and have signed all of the paperwork for the house while it is in construction. We just need to know the best way to do things for the title and if there should be a trust, etc. My parents want to be sure that if they ever need to be put in a nursing home, etc, the house will be safe. They also want it explicitly stated what happens if the home is sold both if they are alive and if they are not, since this would be my inheritance. What is the easiest and cheapest way to do this?  Granted, what you’re doing is outside the norm so it may well cost a bit extra. I still wouldn’t expect it to be egregious. And remember that if one lawyer quotes you a seemingly outrageous price you can always call up the next guy.  Oh that's not bad at all...i was envisioning thousands per attorney. Since it wasn't a planned expense, we were worried about adding that to the upfront costs.  In the context of a house purchase an attorney’s fee is really a drop in the bucket. You can usually get a real estate attorney (at least in my area) to handle an entire typical real estate transaction for a flat $500 from start to finish. excellent. ignore my advice. :)  My husband is exempt from the funding fee and up to $8k closing fees will be paid as incentive.  VA loans suck. they have a hefty funding fee. VA loans are only last resort if you don’t have any down payment. the VA loan charges a 6% funding fee to offset the risk of no down payment. So you’re typically borrowing more than the house is worth. if you have a down payment, and are military (current/past) use Third Federal Lending. great rates, no closing costs. the ownership will be a deed, belonging to all four of you.  I think one attorney would be sufficient. One of my friends co-inherited a house with his sister, and they hired a single attorney to help them draft up a contract by which he is buying out her “share” of the house over time by contributing to a college fund for her son.  Most likely, yes if you want a solid agreement here that will stand up in court. You're likely looking at both a purchase agreement and post-nuptial agreement needing to be drafted. I was hoping to find a way around everyone needing their own attorney since that will cost a lot of money...  So lawyer for parents and lawyer for husband? What you're describing makes thing significantly more complicated, and further pushes the need for attorney(s). I would think at a minimum your husband is likely to also need his own since he will the one waiving interest here. My parents want to make sure that if anything happens to them and the house is sold, it goes directly to me. If they can't ensure that, they won't go through with it. They're just trying to protect me just in case.  Depends upon how risk-tolerant you are. Pre-nups get undone all the time because the agreement was made without both sides having proper advisement. This is more of a straightforward business deal though. Not sure as to why you are asking about post-nup experience? Are you envisioning terms for if you and husband split? Would each of us need a separate lawyer? My parents, myself and my husband? Will my husband and I need a lawyer with post-nupt. experience? Attorney will also know how to best do things so, for example, if your parents predecease you and they have a lot of debt, the house doesn’t have to get liquidated to settle their debt.  You are all on the same page... now. Later, years from now, can be a whole different story. You can of course write up something on your own, but honestly you would be extremely foolish to do this without an attorney given the asset involved. An attorney will also help you understand options that you may or may not have otherwise considered. There's no way to handle this without an attorney? We are all on the same page as to who would get what. If we do need an attorney, what type? Sit down with an attorney and have an agreement drawn up. Any proper agreement here will cover who is responsible for what, who is liable for what in the event of unintentional or intentional failures, and how the property will be handled in the event that one or more parties want to dissolve this agreement.