 Stole $150 worth of merchandise from Target in California and the security guard stopped me when I was leaving the store. Took me to back room. They took pic of my license and pictures of me and told me that id be getting a civil fine letter in the mail and that am banned from store for a year. Then they let me go. Police were never called Am very scared because I read they can still file police report? On other hand also read that usually if they didn't call police at spot then there won't be charged. I know what I did is stupid and will never do it again but am now terrified of what will happen next. Do you think it will be reported to the police? Advice ? Ok sorry an very stressed. But there is a chance the police won't get involved (like I read) and then I just have to pay fine. If police is involved how long until they send me court summons? You're asking for continued guessing as to what Target may do. We simply don't have information that would answer that question. There's no reason Target can't involve police later.  Target can very well report the incident to the police at a later date. The likelyhood of that happening is unknown. The civil demand is a civil issue. Paying it(or not paying it) has no bearing on if the police are involved. Is it true that if police were not called on spot then usually they won't involve them later? Target is under no obligation to do anything.  So if I pay the civil demand theres more chance they won't file police report? Are they waiting to check if I pay? Thanks This is well covered in a variety of posts here. Target is going to send you a civil demand and ask that you pay some amount usually in the few hundreds of dollars. You can pay the demand or not. They can report the matter to the police or not. For the most part, most large retailers tend to report to the police if you fail to pay, and tend not to report to police if you pay. But none of that is certain, and both you and the retailer are free to handle the matter as you choose.