 Ok so long story, but I’ll keep it brief. My stepdaughter has Cerebral palsy (mild) and the functionality of a 14 year old. She has been diagnosed as Paranoid Schizophrenic. She just turned 19. The offenses that she has done are as follows: -pushed me to the ground when I was in second trimester with my kid. -pulled a knife on her grandma -bites, fights with herself verbally - thinks I’m out to get her -has an awkward obsession with sex....and is fixated on her cousins. It’s to the point that her uncle, a cop, will not allow her near my nephew. -she thinks she has seven husbands (Paul Stanley is one of them) -She wrote a creepy stalker letter to Paul Stanley that I thankfully was able to intercept. -when I was pregnant she wrote a letter basically saying that she was his mom and she insisted on naming him. - she has stood outside my door when she thought I was asleep just peering in - I have a 1 year old that I am honest to God scared that she is going to try to molest, hurt or even kill. I fear for myself and my child. - had 12 pages of info on serial killers and their preferred methods of killing on her computer. She wasn’t declared incompetent even though she was in a psychiatric ward when she turned 18 and therefore we can’t even see her medical records...or make her take her medicine. my husband managed to get her in a nursing home for a year- but that got a ADS investigation (which he was found that there was obviously no neglect) she was kicked out of the home because of “failure to pay” and another threat of a call to Adult Services. She is clearly disabled and we don’t want her on the streets. We are wanting the Public Administrator to take over. We are in Missouri. Thank you!! If you get a lawyer, you can file in probate court to have her declared incompetent and be appointed her guardian or conservator. If you or your husband does not wish to perform those functions, a public guardian ad litem can be appointed for the disabled adult in most jurisdictions. But you'll need to file in probate court for that process to start, it doesn't happen automatically. Call around and see if you can find a lawyer to help you. APS often can recommend resources for struggling families or for disabled adults who need aid to live independently. They're familiar with the local offerings for things like group homes or supervised living. Thank you. I am scared that a “neglect” charge will fall on my husband because she is under 21. I thought the legal age was 18, even in those circumstances. We have a son and professional licenses.  None. You can try to get gaurdianship through the court, but that would make you responsible for her. Have you applied to get her on disability/SSD? Contact social services, or look at their website to see if she qualifies for anything..  You're not looking to have her declared insane so much and to competent to handle her own affairs. Parents have no power over their adult children unless they are adjudicated to have that power in some sort of competency hearing. Without adjudication you have no power. Except to give her notice to vacate your residence if she lives with you, and then to evict her if she doesn't go. You are very likely able to contact Adult Protective Services or some other form of local social services if you believe she is incapable of caring for herself. 