 Yesterday I slipped and fell working in my warehouse job and injured my arm. It got worse throughout the day and I told my manager who suggested just finishing the day instead of making a report and going to the clinic which would take longer, and listened so I only had a few hours left. I realize now that was a dumb move on my part. I lift heavy objects all day so I woke up this morning for another 12+ hour shift and couldn’t raise my arm. Went into work to see about going to the clinic which I’m currenrly at, but was told since I didn’t make the report yesterday when it happened I could potentially be terminated. Is this legal to fire someone over being injured and not making a report the day of? I had told my manager so he can at least tell them that. There weren’t any cameras nor anyone around when it happened. What should I do? I can’t afford to lose my job right now. Legally there should be information somewhere about pursuing workers comp claims. You need to call that number and open a case. Looks like your employer must choose the doctor in your state. More info here: ,4682,7-191-60870---,00.html Btw, PLEASE seek medical treatment no matter what your employer tells you. If you do lose your job over this you would definitely have a case for a lawsuit. But think about having this injury long term because you didn’t get adequate treatment. Don’t do it. Don’t be in your 40s with a bad arm or something one day. Email a local employment attorney and see if they will offer a free consultation. If your workplace isn’t providing information about their worker’s compensation insurance carrier, you can contact the department to find out the name and file the claim form yourself. The state provides this article explaining the process: ,4682,7-191-60870---,00.html I agree with you. That manager is a fucking dickhole, and they should not get to fire him over the manager being a child. You were told not to by your manager and to go back to work You did report it yesterday to your manager who told you to go back to work. 