 Hello, I live in Kansas and I'm renting an apartment with 2 dogs and one of them is barking/whining in her kennel while I'm at work - or so I am told. I started recording audio/video of my days that I'm not working to investigate. In fear of having to get rid of my dog(s), I took her to get anxiety medication. She's been taking it for about a week now and the doctor says it won't fully kick in for a month or more. A week has past and I haven't heard any new complaints and I didn't really hear excessive barking on video so I assumed things were great until today, when I brought her back from her check up appointment and had a note from my neighbor on the door. The note explains that the office already knows about my dog being loud (which I knew they knew) and if it's not stopped immediately they will tell them again and/or call police and animal control. Immediately I listened to this past week's audio and yes, my dog is barking.. but out of 8 hours of the day it's MAYBE twice for 15 minutes each. The walls are very thin here and I can hear people having conversations through the wall as well as my upstairs neighbor's dog barking, them having sex and dropping objects in the middle of the night. I'm assuming it's my upstairs neighbor complaining as well. What are my options to protect myself from eviction/removing dogs from my apartment when there's noise all over the building? I work a 8-5 job, so the noise is only for ~30 minutes during the morning and it tends to be about 20 minutes after I have left for work. If any of this helps, during recordings I can hear outside noises of people talking (causes my dog to sometimes bark) and I can hear other dogs barking as well. I haven't been able to record my neighbor's dog barking at 1 am (usually when they come home) yet because I don't record while sleeping but I may have to start.  They're not using medication as a first resort, they used a shock collar (infamous for being cruel and in the opinion of most animal rights groups abusive) and their second line of defense was to lock it in a crate 40 hours a week and do nothing (which is obviously neglect.) Now, their third line of defense is to just drug a dog that doesn't actually have an anxiety disorder, it's just not being properly attended to. OP is a person who should never, ever have an animal in their care. Have you tried not leaving it in a cage 40 hours a week? If you have your landlord's number, I'd suggest texting immediately to say you're working on things via (list stuff you're doing), and will contact them on Wednesday to talk about further plans/in more detail. The main point is to look like a concerned, responsible dog owner who's trying to fix issues; a lot of people will be more forgiving of a problem they know is being addressed than one of equal magnitude they feel is being ignored. I would urge you to learn about dog training, it will give you insight into your dogs behaviour, health and happiness. I'm a bit suprised that you are using medication as a first resort. You need to solve the cause of the barking issue instead of merely treating the symptoms. S/he might need more stimuli or exercise. How long are the dogs alone for? Are they crated?  Thanks for the tips. My big question is I don't know if it is my neighbor or not, I would just assume since who else would complain (only 1 unit above me, nobody is attached). I was going to call my landlord on Wednesday to talk about things - mention the meds and treatment I am working with and hope that maybe they can pass it along to the mystery person. I'll look into doggy daycares for the mornings but everything is closed around here till Wednesday. It's wild, because I am actually home a lot and she doesn't make any noise at all while I'm here. It was a surprise to hear she was loud when I'm gone. I come home from work on lunch as well - so there's 4 hours between each "disappearance" of me.  So, I have a dog. I love dogs! My dog occasionally barks when people knock or walk by — for about 1 minute or less, usually just a few woofs. 15 minutes is a LONG time to bark continuously. I’d be super annoyed if I worked graveyard shift and that happened twice a day, every day, while I was trying to sleep. It would be a big problem. I bet your previous neighbors worked typical daytime hours, and that’s why they didn’t complain. If it's going to take a while longer for the meds to kick in--you're probably using the same kind my dog does--then you need an interim solution to keep your dog quiet until you've solved the day-barking problem overall. So what you do is you tell your neighbor that the dog's on meds that are going to help but it'll take a while, and then find a doggy daycare that can take the dog for at least the mornings of the next few weeks. Find a trainer to work with you otherwise, and you can probably have this all settled within a month. But you want to let your neighbor know that you're working on it, and how, so that they don't feel like you're just ignoring the problem.  Well, if that's the case, I think you've solved the "mystery" of why this neighbor is upset about this while your previous neighbors might not have been. Your neighbor is not being unreasonable here, not in the slightest.  Haha sorry I didn't mean like sleeping in. I think he works graveyard and gets home around 1 am and sleeps for the morning. Just bad word choice. Okay, thank you for the advice. The other guy's advice was similar but got a little more personal.  Please find a new home for your dog. He's miserable and socially neglected. Shock collars are inhumane as well. If you love your dog, you know how much better it deserves than this.   't have a job that lets me sleep in from 8 to noon or so like I think the neighbor might If you worked graveyard, you wouldn't consider that "sleeping in." You'd consider it "sleeping." Okay. I will take these tips and work on training the dog. Is there any recommended training? Not really sure how to get a dog to stop barking when I'm not home if I'm not home. I have tried bark collars but she doesn't seem to care for being shocked. My other dog doesn't have separation anxiety so I haven't had to deal with it before. Sorry, I know it seems like I'm more concerned with others, it just doesn't seem fair to hear even more frustrating noises and disturbances and I'm not one to go to a landlord about things, I just move on from it.. turn volume up, wear headphones, etc. I also don't have a job that lets me sleep in from 8 to noon or so like I think the neighbor might, so I don't know how annoying it may be for a dog in the morning.  You need to stop focusing on what other people and their dogs are doing, and focus on your dog and your problem. 's dog barks at mine is this something I should be reporting Are you trying to sleep when you're walking your dog? Trying to keep a baby or small child from waking? 's odd and not that big of a problem. The fact that you don't think it's a problem is the problem. One of your neighbors feels it's enough of a problem to approach you about it, call management, and state they will call animal control. Obviously, they think it's a big problem. They don't have to justify that to you. Your dog is barking for prolonged periods on a regular basis. Nobody wants to be subject to that in their home. Because persistent dog barking can violate various ordinances and codes.  Okay, I am taking steps- I have been getting medication and looked into training. I guess I don't understand that my dog is disturbing neighbors.. if I walk my dogs in the morning by a building and someone's dog barks at mine is this something I should be reporting? I have never had complaints before in previous apartments with the same dogs so I just think it's odd and not that big of a problem. I get what you are saying though. It's my problem, I am responsible for them and I will look into further training, etc. My concern is getting police and animal control involved for what reason? When they show up and knock, of course dogs are going to bark? A dog barking for a full 30 minutes at 8 o'clock in the morning is not acceptable. The thing you do to keep from getting evicted because your dog barks, is to get your dog to stop barking. If you spend that long out of the house and it's causing anxiety to the point of needing daily medication, consider that your lifestyle is not compatible with dog ownership and see if someone you trust can take in the dog.  "Other people make noise too" is not going to help you here. This is your dog, your dog is disturbing your neighbors. That has to stop. "Only" a half hour each 8 hour day is not going to cut it. You need to take steps -- training, dog walkers, doggy day care, whatever -- to stop this.  It sounds to me like you need to talk to your landlord about this. It may even be helpful to play the recordings for them Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.