 So I used to work for a coffee chain where I was miserable but made a living at 30-37 hours a week, and I was offered a job at a different restaurant, I was told I'd work 30-35 hours a week before I accepted, and when I signed the paperwork was assured I'd work a maximum of 40 hours a week. Now here's the issue, business has been slow, and it's a brand restaurant. Hours are low for everyone with exception given to the "head cook", who makes the schedule, and gives himself and his 40+ hours each, while I've been allotted only one shift per week for the past 3 weeks. This is not what I signed up for, and I'm not a bad or lazy worker by any means. What should I do? Do I have any options other than quit and find work that will actually schedule me?  'm not sure if I qualify for unemployment even if I was fired. [Here's]() how you can find out.  Thing is I've only worked there for a month and a half. I'm not sure if I qualify for unemployment even if I was fired. Can't hurt to ask. The worst they can do is fire you and then you can try to draw unemployment. You have better chances if you get fired rather than you quit.  I do believe I myself and several other employees were also offered jobs with promises of hours and opportunity for growth. Many have quit and others are on the verge of doing so. The only proof I could maybe get is a copy of that paperwork. If you can prove, beyond your own testimony, that you were promised 40 hours a week for so many weeks, then you might have a case.  I think the owners are aware, they've worked with this head cook for 8+ years, so regardless of what I say, I just lack any pull. To clarify this is in the state of New York. I would never have taken the job were it not for the promise of proper hours. Does a "verbal contract" not apply in this situation or is that just a myth? Does the owner know he's paying over time when he could be spreading the hours out, so that no one works over 40 hours and costing less money the business less money? I think that might be important for a start up with slow business.  Ok, so you don’t have a contract. Start looking for a new job if you don’t like the hours they are giving you. Alright, I guess I'll see what I can do. I mean simple tax and employment forms. Well the employment paperwork for the amount of hours I'd have reads as 40 hours a week. But that might just be for tax reasons. Quitting and finding a new job is your only option. You should file for unemployment, because a serious reduction in hours may be considered constructive dismissal. If they deny your claim, follow the steps to appeal. I assume what you mean by “paperwork” doesn’t mean “contract”. You can find a new job is what you can do, if that’s the case. Unless you have something in writing there isn't likely to be much you can do.