 USA/Puerto Rico So my grandfather passed away, and my mom has also passed. My moms siblings contacted me saying that they need me to send them my birth cert and write a letter authorizing my grandmother to make decisions on my behalf so that they can move forward and distribute some sort of balance on my grandfathers “account”. They said I’d be compensated by money order. I asked them for paperwork but they won’t provide any. Im assuming this has to do with a will that exists regarding my grandfather. It sounds to me like they are being shady but maybe I’m just being paranoid. Regardless I’m an adult and don’t want anyone making decisions on my behalf. Also I sent a letter to their attorney stating that I’d like to be contacted directly with regard to any matters involving me because I haven’t been able to get the attorney on the phone. What do you guys think? Is my family being shady or no? And should I keep dodging my family’s calls about the letter of authorization they want until I speak with the attorney?  I can think of a reason for the birth certificate, to prove who your mother was, if you are the subsequent beneficiary. I can’t see why they need a PoA, though.  Not at lawyer; But you should talk to one. First of all Estates take a long time process especially when there is multiple people involved. And it sounds like to me your aunts and uncles are locked in a “jointly” described Will which basically means everyone has to be present for all the signing appointments chills Standard courtesy, Law offices will send out a letters of notification stating who died and who’s entitled to inheritance. The Attorney will have to calculate the net worth of the estate; pay all debts, pay any taxes (death taxes?), and then calculate the remainder to distribute. Prior to distribution everyone will have to sign a release direction to say they agree to terms of distribution... and frequency. {p.s this could take years to figure out depending on complexity of situations} Reasons for ID: verification of Identity, also you don’t want to give Jo-Blow from off the street who doesn’t match your ID information re: estate money information. Grandmother Direction: 1) Are you age of majority Your mom could have included a clause in her will preventing you access to your inheritance by age limit. (Full disclosure, the highest age i’ve seen ever is 48) #NotALawyer  Get a copy of his will, they are usually filed at a court house.. Consult your own lawyer too!  I'm not an attorney, but I understand that if there was no will, then the money/estate goes to grandfather's wife. If the wife is deceased, then the estate is split among Grandfather's surviving children (the aunts and uncles of OP). However, if there is a will, grandfather could have stated anything they wished, as far as who gets what. You could be ignored or named specifically to get some amount of money or a specific gift. The will may also state that if any of grandfather's children die before he does, then their kids (his grandkids) get that person's share of the estate. Do not sign anything that gives someone power to make decisions on your behalf. And just for the record, never heard of anyone involved in settling an estate be asked for their birth certificate. I could be wrong, but that's very unusual. For life insurance, etc. you might be asked to provide a copy of your drivers license, but never heard of the other.  Very shady. If it's any significant amount of money, get your own attorney. "Their attorney" is the opposition at this point. Don't take legal advice from the opposition. Get your own attorney. There's not a system for inheritances that watches what people are doing. The people who end up in control of the estate have a lot of power. If you think something bad is happening you have to go to court and start asking questions. Yeah, sounds shady to me. Send nothing. Family usually gets really funny when big money is involved. Don’t send anything. Wait for the attorney, get a copy of the will.  You are likely the subsequent beneficiary to your mother, and likely receive what is coming to her. I’d continue trying to contact the lawyer for details. I would not provide a PoA without knowing what for. Now, it is legitimate that all funds go to your grandmother until she passes and then you and your mothers siblings receive an inheritance 