 Hello I live in Massachusetts, For context my ex girlfriend was caught cheating 2 nights ago, I grabbed her stuff to take outside and demanded she leave my apartment, she wrestled with me to get her stuff and ripped my pants just to try and get her phone. When she calmed down she walked out and I walked out with her to her mother's house. The next day she's humiliated when her friends and family find out and threatens to call the cops on me and after a few more hours and more humiliation she finally does call the cops while she knows I'm at work. She claimed I slammed her to the floor and got a restraining order, I spent a night in jail and have a court date for next month. This ex has proven to be a violent person and a liar, shes told friends different stories of what occurred, she already has a restraining order out on her from her coworker for death threats, and sent me texts the night before she called the cops admitting to being a snake and a liar and being proud of it. What do I do and can I press charges ?  Delete facebook, hit the gym, and lawyer up. Seriously, there's so much going on here you should only be discussing this with a lawyer. Save every text/voicemail/etc, but dont respond to her, and dont talk about this with anyone.  Absolutely do not talk to the cops.  Lawyer up now. Document that and gather evidence. If you have evidence of her cheating, gather that. You want to show she can't be trusted and is a liar. Also save those pants. She attacked you. Did you file a police report for it? Also, not sure if she lived with you and if she did for how long, but make sure you're not illegally evicting her. I've read a lot of those stories on here about exes coming after people over "evictions" You need a lawyer asap. Domestic violence charges will follow you for a very long time and as they are a violent crime, will affect your ability to rent an apartment or pass a background check for a job. Start calling lawyers today, and for the love of god don't go to that court date without one. You need a criminal defense attorney. You're the one with charges and that's what you need to worry about for the time being. You as an individual cannot press charges and the DA doesn't always choose to charge false reports, but they do have the latitude to do so. Save any text messages and photos if you have any after the fight. You’ll need anything you can get to build a case for her character