 I live in a fairly small and rural town in North Texas. On a daily basis, yes daily, there are multiple dogs that are running around town unleashed. Most times, these dogs are bigger dogs because of the nature of the town we live in. 99% of the time he dog is well cared for with a collar and tags on, so they definitely have owners. My dog is a medium sized pup who loves to go on walks around town, but we have to be VERY careful about which streets we go down for fear of being attacked by other dogs. Even then, the dogs are still everywhere. I'm sick and tired of fearing for my dog's well-being even every time we go outside. This morning I let him go outside to potty and saw a giant Doberman, leashless of course, walking down the street next to our house. We don't have a fence so my dog stays outside on a lead, so this dog could have easily run up to harass my dog. We have only lived in this current address for a little over a week (our previous address was in the same town, but out of the way of other houses so the dogs weren't much of a problem), and I'm constantly checking on my boy and listening for any scuffles that might happen. Apparently there is a department that is supposed to be dealing with this, but they are ineffective and ignore complaints. I'm rambling at this point, I'm probably overreacting and maybe this isn't a big deal, but I'm frustrated with this situation. I do whatever I can to make sure I'm following the leash laws in town and yet I am the one having to worry about my dog being attacked. I LOVE dogs and always have but I've had enough. Is there anything I can legally do if the animal control department continues to dismiss complaints?  Bear spray. Bigger range. More powerful. But on Amazon. Works on coyotes too.  Gun as a Plan A still isn’t a great idea, and saying “Gun isn’t a great idea” isn’t the same as saying “stand around and do nothing”. Would explain further but I’m outside in 20 degree weather on mobile, so I’ll instead direct you at the other comments on this thread and my responses before my fingers freeze off. Not the most viable weapon when the concern is about your medium sized dog being attacked by a much larger dog. Ever seen two dogs go at it playfully? Ever seen a dog straight up attack and try to mess up or kill another dog? It's not calm or controlled, and good luck just shooting the other dog and not your own.  Tasers are good. I assume your using a dry stun(contact) one? I Personally don't know how well that works with dogs. But you'd have to get close enough to use it. With OC, especially if you get the stream version, you can hit either people or dogs from a distance with it. Before they even get close enough to do anything to you. Make sure you get a decent one. Not just the pretty pink one they sell at meijer. Personally I'd recommend either of these two SABRE 3-IN-1 Pepper Spray - Police Strength - Compact Size with Clip (Max Protection - 35 shots, up to 5x's more) =cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_hFTdCb0SJJ4P8 SABRE Pepper Spray - Police Strength - Compact Size with Clip (Max Protection - 35 shots, up to 5x's more) =cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_qJTdCb5MM8DJB As far as the guy following you home, my recommendation is to look into getting a CPL. At the end of the day you're responsible for your own safety, be it from dogs or creeps, and you got to make sure have the right tools.  Cool. Also, emails are easy to ignore. Go down to the office and get in someone's face. I actually emailed a complaint this morning about the dog problem and threatened to go up the chain of command if my complaints were ignored. Someone called me and assured me that they would step up their patrols in the area so we'll see if they follow through. 100% prepared to file a complaint with the city if nothing changes. I started carrying a taser on me a few months ago because a guy (I'm a girl and I was walking my dog) was trying to get my phone number by following me home in his car. I worry that the taser won't be enough to scare a dog away or that a dog will run up and attack mine while he's outside on the lead You can open or conceal carry in Texas. I'm in Florida and do whenever I walk my dog. I love animals, but would not hesitate to dispatch one attacking my own. Carry pepper spray on you. Its pretty effective against dogs(and sometimes people) with little to no permanent effects.  Call local animal control. Also, you could get a gun. Don't think there is much else you can do. Find out who the animal control department reports to and take it up the food chain. Mayor? City Council?