 I’m in Alabama. Last summer, I had T-Mobile as a cell phone provider and had moved both my wife and I over to them. I had a new S8 and she had an iPhone. In the middle of a work day, my phone stopped working. I called the company with my work phone and they informed me that I had ported my phone number the previous day. I told them that I in fact did not do that. We go on and on and I asked if I can get my phone number back in any way possible. It’s important to note that I’ve had this same number for years. All of my contacts are associated with this number. Business. Personal. Everything. They tell me I can only get the number back if I know who took it. How convenient. I told them that I’m not paying another dime until I get my number back. They called and said they were giving me a new number and overnighting a new SIM card to put in my phone. That SIM card never arrived. At the end of the week I transferred all my services to Verizon. I paid for my wife’s phone because I thought that was fair. I offered the S8 back to them but they didn’t want it. I told them I’m not paying for a phone that they cut off in the middle of the day and ruined business with. I had to get a brand new phone number and spend weeks reconnecting with contacts to ensure they could get in touch with me. T-Mobile sold the debt for collection to the tune of around $500. Debt collectors are calling. Any advice here?  Thanks. I see the point everyone is making. I think I’ll try to sell the phone and pay the cost from the profit.  The phone itself, and the phone service, are different things. You have a good argument for a refund on the latter, not so much for the former. If it’s just $500, that sounds like it’s to pay for the phone you kept. They should’ve taken it back. Either way, I think you owe that. It’s sucks, but you do have a product of theirs.  I called T-Mobile several times and was basically ignored. They called it port fraud and said all carriers are dealing with it. I told them that’s not my problem because they are my carrier so it doesn’t matter what sprint or ATT are doing. They ignored me. I hadn’t really thought of selling it to pay it off. Thanks for the idea :) I did call the number. The person that answered was nice enough but refused to give me her name, but did say she had gotten the phone through one of those smaller cell services like metro PCS or Cricket Wireless. And I didn’t really think about it after we had it out over the phone because I didn’t hear any more until it came up with collections.  Have you tried escalating to someone higher at T-Mobile? Did you keep the phone? Maybe sell it to pay it off? It sounds like some of this could have been mitigated last summer. Did y’all ever call your old number and see who had it? 