 Hi folks, first of all, thank you for all that you do. Especially probono. So here's the story, my mother (60) went back to Ukraine to visit her daughter and granddaughter. While there, she cracked her hip, making travel difficult. My father, who is a US citizen, sent in her paperwork for the Green Card renewal for her, and all she has left to do is fingerprinting/ biometrics. She has been out of the country for almost 2 years now, and was a permanent resident of US for maybe 18 years at this point? How do we get her back into the states? Could she do the fingerprinting in a US embassy in Ukraine? Maybe come back on a tourist visa and then just finish the fingerprinting here? Please help, her health is not improving and the condition in ukraine is not improving. Thank you all. IANAL but look for associations that help immigrants with their green cards. In some cases, a person can get the morning green card if she has medical records demonstrating why she couldn’t fly back for two years. I’ve heard of it but I’ve also heard of elderly people who just stayed. If she can’t get her green card back, then you or your father would need to reapply for her to immigrate. (I wouldn’t try asking her to apply for a tourist visa because she wouldn’t be able to prove that she would leave the US after a few weeks) I’ve been shopping around for immigration lawyers myself and if I’m honest $5k is pretty standard. If you have the money just do it, otherwise your mother could be stuck in limbo even longer. NAL. Many cities have non profit immigration services that can direct you to subsidized legal services. I have friends for whom that was their first job out of law school.  $250 per hour is very typical. Of course that doesn't all go in the lawyers pocket. They have to pay office rental, paralegals, access to legal research databases, annual bar fees and continuing education, and much more. I'd guess a lawyer billing at that price probably has a salary of around $100K, which is still good, but not as amazing as you're thinking. Especially if they have $400K in law school debt... Holy moly. Clearly in the wrong field. How can anyone afford legal aid is beyond me  $125 for a half hour on the phone For what it's worth, a billing rate of $250/hr is fairly low.  Thank you so much for the resource. Yes a different lawyer may be useful, potentially one who does not charge $125 for a half hour on the phone  Thank you! Yes I will look into the returning resident visa. This is proving to be a more difficult process than I expected [removed] Also read this link: I would definitely recommend an experienced immigration lawyer to assist you with this. Contact a different lawyer. Ask specifically about filing for a returning resident visa that /u/jasperval mentioned. So, there are two issues: one, that her green card expired, and second the potential for her to have "abandoned her status" by remaining in Ukraine for an indefinite period of time. She'll argue that she didn't intend to abandon her status, but after two years, and without a re-entry permit, it's a difficult argument to make. Her best bet is the [Returning Resident Visa](), but even that is a stretch. It's possible when the PRA: ; ; and . This subreddit will not be able to do more for you than an actual attorney.  US Embassy in Ukraine does not provide fingerprinting services for such cases. Given the circumstances, the tourist visa would likely be denied. So it seems that an immigrant visa for a Spouse of a U.S. Citizen (I-130 form) is the way to go. It is relatively simple form, so paying 5K to an attorney may be unnecessary. Edit: There may be a slim chance to get a returning resident visa. See here  Thank you, yes my dad called a lawyer today but her answer involved a two year wait and over 5k in fees. Which is insane, which is why I turned to this subreddit She could contact the US embassy in Ukraine for assistance/guidance but it sounds like an experienced immigration attorney is your best option for getting this resolved. The Maryland bar association can assist with recommending an attorney in that state.