 Yes we both have lawyers and we are in the process of custody modification. But last night he just texted me that he's keeping her. I showed up at her school this morning to bring her uniform because he doesn't have any. She was very upset and told me daddy will keep her until Christmas. Our schedule is horrible and our paperwork barely says anything. We got addendums notarized so it actually says who gets her when. So He gets her after school and drops her off with me at 6:30 every night and we alternate weekends. Paperwork says we were supposed to change to "equal custodial time" after Sept 1. But it doesn't say and we can't agree on what that looks like. So apparently he thinks that means he'll just keep her for however long he wants???? He told her all of this and she was so upset at school asking if she will ever see me or daddy again. I am shaking mad. What can I do? What can I have my lawyer do? Please I need this settled asap. There are many reasons why I am worried about him keeping her long term. You said you were supposed to move to "equal custodial time" but "can't agree on what that looks like". I can only go on your words. You save your emails, he'll save his and a judge will decide.  1) We don't know the age of the child. Her bedtime could be 7:30 and it could be 10. 2) Many parents would consider sleeping over at their respective houses as "time". Admittedly, not sure how the law sees it. You're forgetting that sleep exists That is the same schedule you had before you were supposed to move to "equal custodial time". He doesn't get to put his kids to bed, have breakfast with them etc. You say you "can't agree on what that looks like". That sounds very much like he has been suggesting changes to the status quo that would result in "equal custodial time" and you have been resisting in favor of the pre 9/1 schedule.   :30 every night and we alternate weekends. So on weekdays he gets her from about 3:30 to 6:30, and then you get her from 6:30 until about 9 the next day? That doesn't sound equal. I would argue that you have been violating the order by not allowing him "equal custodial time". He has resorted to self help, which surely won't help him in front of the judge, but some self reflection here probably wouldn't kill you. And if he has text messages and contemporaneous calendar books showing the "many reasons why I am worried about him keeping her long term" your months of self help between 9/1 and 12/17 may serve to mitigate his self help.  What can be done will depend upon a lot of specific information that really beyond the purview of this forum. You need to call your attorney. He or she will know the details of your case enough to determine what can be done to remedy the situation. The sooner you contact your lawyer, the sooner he or she can get to work fixing this situation. A court order giving you time with your daughter between now and January.  Court order saying what? We are already in the process of modification but our court date isn't until January If your court order doesnt specify the schedule then there isnt really one. You need to go back to court and have a precise order created.  You should call your lawyer right now and get an emergency court order.