 TL/DR: My older brother and I are supposed to share mom's estate 50/50. He, however, has said he's "next in line," whatever that means. Utilities and other bills for his RV and her house and Visa are still being paid out of her checking, he has her debit card, he won't even turn over her Visa card. He also said we "won't have to itemize everything" for the inventory. I feel like he's hiding and hoarding items now. What questions should I ask of the probate attorney today, as executrix? \----- My mom died recently. She left a will which names me executrix, leaving her estate to her only heirs, me and my brother. He has lived on her place for 20 years, quit his job 10 years ago, and mom has paid his bills for several years now. He's destroyed a couple of RV trailers he resided in on the property through hoarding, and moved into her house to "take care of" mom in November. He aggravated her to no end with his constant negativity. She drove herself most places, his griping was so relentless, and the place is beginning to look like a pigsty. Meanwhile, I still work 12-hour shifts. When he whined about his future, I reassured him he could have her house, acreage, and her subcompact vehicle. (He has an unlicensed truck and trailer.) I've been trying to come over to help him clean, sort through her possessions, find family momentos, etc. He's refused me daily. Finally, I drove out yesterday to clean out her very funky refrigerator (mold-slime, etc.) He blew up, asked if I planned to clean it weekly, and asked why I didn't clean it while mom was alive. We got into it, he called his daughter for support, and I discovered that he thinks he deserves it ALL: House, land, vehicle, life insurance, savings, CD's, etc. That was never mom's or my intent at all. The property I offered to give him is worth about $100,000, while her cash might settle out at $30,000. I thought I had already made a generous offer, but he wants it ALL. He's already claimed her S W 38 special as his own, so I took some nicer earrings I had bought her, and reminded him we have second cousins on drugs who can, and have, stolen from relatives going through transitions. One of the boys has already ripped him off on a couple of earlier deals. He brought up the earrings, but we had both forgotten the pricier gun. He said I would have to "buy" any keepsakes or momentos (I don't need or want her household stuff), and hinted that the price would be high. I love his daughter, mom's only grandchild, but she is taking his side, and plans to go to the probate attorney with us today for this initial meeting.  Excellent info. Thank you. We're on our way now. You should explain everything in detail to the attorney and ask him to explain to your brother whether a conflict of interest exists (it sounds like there is a high likelihood one exists). It may be uncomfortable if your brother is there but you need to tell the attorney everything in your post and any other issues. The attorney needs this information to properly evaluate the case. You will also need to be very clear on who the attorney represents and in what capacity (individually, as executrix, etc). Here’s a small example of why. As executrix you may have to settle debts of the estate. If your brother has access to the account and is taking money which the estate needs to settle debts, you’ll have to address that. Your attorney can’t do that if he’s representing both of you.  The attorney who prepped will is retired or deceased. Since my attorney had little experience in estates, I was referred to one of the top two elder care attorneys in my region. The first was picked, by my niece, to do Medicaid planning for mom's long-term care. They charged 6k, of which 3k is now due for the POA that was drawn up (naming me and my niece), while my mom was comatose in the nursing home. She died the next day. I decided to go with the other one that was recommended for probate. This is difficult since you obviously have a conflict of interest as both the executrix of the will and a beneficiary. Is the probate attorney actually your attorney, or an attorney who was involved in creating the will?  Thank you. Didn't realize that was an option. He and my niece will be at this initial meeting, but I will try and bring up the possibility of them retaining their own if we can't somehow get on the same page today. I think this is a situation where you need separate attorneys, you and your brother. You need to explain the situation to your attorney and ask what steps you need to take as the executrix to settle the estate. 