 tl/dr at bottom: Our Swedish vehicle was in the shop for an oil leak. Fairly expensive repair at the dealership. Directly after the leak repair, the vehicle went to a different shop for exhaust work. That guy shows me a near gushing oil leak. The Swede goes back to dealership immediately. They keep it for a few days, do some stuff, then return it to exhaust shop upon our request. Driving the Swede back to dealership, (dropping off service loaner) the dash advises me that I have no oil pressure. Wife drops service loaner, while I'm investigating this latest oil issue. To shorten the story, the vehicle stays at the dealership for a third time. A couple days later, service writer guy calls to inform me that our engine has been destroyed, while they had it out road testing. Their offer: They source a used engine, install it, and we pay half of the total. My cost is ballpark $2300. Our auto insurance doesn't cover mechanical failures; their advice was to sue the dealership. Frankly, I think that's extreme, but I also no that the car was not in that condition prior to this whole episode. Nor can I say that the same failure wouldn't have happened to us. Having just dropped $4k on this thing, my gut feeling is that they didn't truly correct the problems it was having; rather they corrected the first things they found. Am I out of line thinking they need to return the vehicle to the condition it was in? Wouldn't their business insurance cover events like this? The current math basically has me buying the engine, and them eating the labor of install. What am I missing? tl/dr: car engine blew while dealer mechanic driving it. They want me to pay half of the repair. Thank you for this response. Related advice but not legal. Having been a dealership finance manager for half of my professional career, I can tell you that regardless of whatever actions you take, being patient and courteous will go a VERY VERY VERY long way. Not in the traditional “be nice to others” but if you’re a “good” customer the Dealer Principle will usually ask the question “what are they like” in the meeting behind closed doors when figuring out a solution. If the response is “they’ve been patient and helpful” the chances that the DP says “take care of it, bill parts/service” blah blah, is MUCH higher than if you’re constantly rude (you do however have every right to be upset) All that being said there’s no insurance that covers a mechanic failure of a customer’s vehicle in the dealerships possession but there absolutely are reinsurances and “pools” of money set aside to take care of this very thing. Car dealerships are NOT the cash cows people think they are and the lifeblood of a successful dealership is cash FLOW. This means that $4k unearned and unaccounted for dollars just going out can be a big issue that the owner is not usually willing to just float but not many owners will go to court over it either. If you have the time to wait on the service people to sit down with the general manager who will sit down with the owner, and if you are kind and courteous throughout, the chances of them paying for it all is high if it’s explicitly their fault. If it’s not, then half and half is a good deal (they probably wouldn’t immediately offer 50/50 off bat if it wasn’t partially their fault) If they explain to your satisfaction how the issue happened and it appears the liability isn’t very clearly with them (and that they also believe that) the chances of them coming off of their 50/50 offer is almost zero and at that point you do whatever you feel you have to do.  I would get see if they can give you a good explanation of what failed vs what work they performed. If the two aren’t related then you are probably out of luck. If it happens that the part that failed is they part they worked on then there might need to be some legal action involved. Neither your insurance or the dealerships garage insurance will be covering the repair. Any assistance with repairs will be paid out of the dealers pocket. Older, in a '04. No warranty involved. Happened at a franchised dealership, certified tech, etc. So if the car is out of manufacturer warranty and the failure that killed the engine was not related directly to the work they performed then you probably don’t have any standing. Now if they improperly repaired something and that caused the failure that’s a a different ball game. Was this a franchise dealer or some independent shop? Newer car / older car? 