 Hello, I live in Dallas Texas in a townhome. I’ve lived here almost three years now. The owner has always been a slumlord and the apartment was in terrible shape when I moved in but after being essentially homeless for a year, I was happy to have a place of my own again. I’ve had to call the city a few times for code violations like no smoke detectors, faulty wiring, holes in walls, things like that but otherwise it was okay. I got rid of all the bugs and creatures, and cleaned the place up. Fast forward to the last few months and now there is a serious rat problem stemming from the trashy managers apartment. We all have two bedrooms and this woman has ten children, 12 dogs, a perpetually pregnant cat, and filth everywhere which has created a rat problem. Possums too. The rats are chewing at wires and pipes in the walls and now my lights turn on and off by themselves, they chewed thru the water pipes next door and sprung a leak that caused the ceiling to collapse. The rats are now running between apartments and I have a new grand baby in my home. This will not do. I have asked that my wiring be repaired because when I turn lights on and off, the bulbs short, my electric bill jumped from $100 a month to $300. Here’s my question. My lease expired in March and they never renewed it. I never signed a contract for a month to month either. Now he is evicting me for non payment because my rent was short. I explained due to my high electricity and now water bill because of the rats my rent would be short. I asked that he call an exterminator to take care of the rats because we can’t see what they are messing up in the walls. He refused. Regardless, I am moving anyway. I paid my rent faithfully until this month and found another place but don’t want an eviction on my rental history. Can he legally evict me in court? I plan on showing up anyway. Because I’d like to know. I have a copy of my old lease. My signature is on it from 2017. The last time I renewed. What are my options to keep this off my rental history? Again I’m in North Texas. Thanks for your help guys.  Thank you for this answer. I have yet to receive notice to vacate and I did inform ownership I was moving within 30 days in writing. The manager said he was filing anyway. That was the reason for my question. Thanks again and happy holidays to you.  I stated I was moving but that wasn’t really the basis of the question. I’m more concerned with my rental history. I haven’t received any notice to vacate so I don’t want anything negative on it.  I think it's time to head out. Not sure why you'd want to raise a child in those conditions anyway.  When you stay over your lease and continue to pay, you're a month-to-month tenant. When that happens, he can terminate your tenancy at any time, for any reason, as long as he gives your state's proper notice requirements for a month-to-month tenant. If you don't want it on your record, move out and make sure he's paid up.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.