 My daughter age 7 was getting assaulted by another student and even got to the point where she was pissing blood we took her to the doctor and got the police involved the police said they have had trouble with this family before but they are not really doing anything about it. The school is saying I should transfer her to another school as well as saying her brother and sister should stay in that shcool. I'm not making my daughter feel like it's her fault and she has to move schools. I have a couple people telling me to get a lawyer but I dont know what i should do.  If there ever was a time to go scorched earth, it's now, OP. They've made it clear they don't feel it's their problem. Show them exactly how much of their problem it is. And how bad they're going to get fucked for not owning up to their problem.  I want to upvote this more. So important.  This is most likely at a public school. I came here to post this - DO THIS AS SOON AS YOU CAN. Doesn’t title 9 only apply to public schools? Or schools that get funded with government money?  It’s been said before, but I’m going to say it again because I want to make sure you hear it. If a 7 or 8 year old did this to your daughter, the chances that that child is being sexually abused at home are EXTREMELY high. EXTREMELY HIGH. Call CPS on them. Immediately. Her Title IX rights are probably being violated. Get a lawyer. Moving schools may help your daughter if it absolutely comes to this, but if this is their solution for you, imagine how they’ve handled other problems in the past. Ultimately you are going to do what’s right for your kid, I totally get and support that. But regardless of what you decide about her schooling, don’t let the school off the hook. They aren’t handling this properly and that is a disservice to every student at that school.  At that age the child wouldn't know what "sex" is so perhaps the other student is himself being molested by a family member and thinks that it's a normal way to "touch" other people. I hope the kid gets some help from child protection service as he must be going through hell himself. What state are you in? You need to hire an attorney. Then contact the principal, superintendent and school board members. Threaten with a big-ass lawsuit. Elected officials can't and won't help you. Public school districts consider themselves above the law and most times, they get away with pretty nasty shit.  [deleted] How old is the other student? If the police won’t do anything, I would suggest contacting the district attorney of your city or county. If that doesn’t work, contact the state attorney general. Also, Get an attorney  OP, please follow this advice. Escalate, escalate, escalate. Their solution of your daughter switching schools is unacceptable. She is the victim. This is not her fault. The school needs to deal with this child before this starts happening to others.  If the kid is the same age as her, I’d take this up with CPS also. A kid that young sexually assaulting someone doesn’t come out of nowhere. He has been abused himself also or is being abused If the school is planning on having the other child continue to attend, that kid needs a full time aide that will only work with that child and be by their side the entire day. I would insist the school does that as it is THEIR job to protect your child while at school and if they cannot properly supervise the children with their regular teachers, that kid is going to need someone with eyes on them all the time. They are failing to protect a 7-year-old from sexual assault.  [removed] Who have you spoken to at the police department? If it's just a front desk officer then you might want to ask to speak to the on-duty sergeant and see if it can be escalated. At the absolute minimum you should request that they take a formal police report so that the assault is documented. It is crucial that you get a lawyer asap. A crime has been committed against your daughter by another child while in the care of another party. You are currently dealing with (at least) 2 state agencies (school, police), and possibly more in the future (CPS, etc). There is significant civil and criminal liability floating around. You NEED a lawyer to navigate this! In addition to helping ensure that you get justice for your daughter, a lawyer can also protect you. Sad and extreme as this sounds, when you are dealing with two other parties with liability (the school and the other parents) there is a not insignificant chance that YOU could be accused of fabricating evidence - or even of being the real culprit - in order to shift blame off of them. The school and the parents of the other child are now your opponents; respond accordingly. Do NOT assume that they will be reasonable, sane or responsible. If they were then you wouldn't be in this situation. Has she had a PERK exam at the hospital? I know you took her to the dr, and I don't want you to disclose her medical information here, but the symptoms you describe could be an STI or physical damage, among other things. A hospital in your area should have a forensic nurse examiner on call, or be able to direct you to where one is, so that they can gather evidence and give provide medical treatment. They will also be able to put you in touch with, if they don't actually call themselves, a child advocacy center that can help with the investigation and support for you and your child. I also suggest that you not send your daughter to school until this is addressed. This is not a case of standard bullying, your child was assaulted and has damage or infection from sexual trauma. If the school is aware of that and not protecting her, something has really gone wrong. RAINN Is a good resource, if you call them they can walk you through help in your area and give you some good information.  This seems like a violation of her Title IX rights. edit: [%20IX%20and%20Sexual%20Harassment%20in%20K-12%20Public%20Schools.pdf](%20IX%20and%20Sexual%20Harassment%20in%20K-12%20Public%20Schools.pdf) Contact your local bar association and ask for a referral for a lawyer with experience in Title IX lawsuits. Contact your local Children’s Advocacy Center.  Everyone, say it with me: -Get a Lawyer! -Save all emails, texts, calls and medical/police records that you can -Get doctors to write statements and notes -GET. A. LAWYER. -RAISE. HELL. WITH. THE. SCHOOL.  Wow, that's fucked up. Ok first of all, make a much bigger stink with the school. They need to separate the other student and if they won't do their job and protect your daughter you will go over each and every person's head until you find someone who will help. If the principal won't help, go to the school board and the superintendent and town / county government. Go to the state education department. Go to the mayor, go to your state rep, state senator, go to the governor. Also, if your daughter is being sexually assaulted by a child around her age, chances are very good that the other child is being or has been sexually assaulted at home. Call CPS. Getting a lawyer is also a good idea. The lawyer can help send the message that you aren't going away and you expect the school to follow the law. The lawyer may also be able to help you get an order of protection that would force the other child out of the school at least temporarily. You may also have a case for damages against the school, both for the assault that took place while in their care and also for any extra costs you might incur because they don't do what they're supposed to (like paying for your daughter to attend a different school, for instance). Was sexually assaulted at school as a minor; if they won't move the other child, transfer yours. I know that seems like a defeat, but the alternative is your child being schooled with their offender. Your child is at risk every time she's around him. Have you followed up with the police to see where they are in terms of investigation? I assume CPS is already involved as well. 