 So, I made some comments insulting the concept of religion, and the beliefs of a certain political party. The school has essentially said that kids feel intimidated by this and it could be considered harassment and bullying. What exactly is my footing in this situation, because I haven't made comments pointed at say Person A, just a belief that certain people, in this case including Person A, happen to believe.  There are no limits on the right to free speech in the US based on hate speech unless the hate speech happens to fall under a recognized exception to freedom of speech (such as “fighting words” or a “true threat”). Hate speech or “speech that hurts others” cannot be punished by the government as such.  Unless your parents are willing to spend the money for a lawyer and cause a huge ruckus over an issue that you'll probably lose anyway (because free speech vs bullying has been litigated many times before), then you dont really have any options besides keeping your nose clean and out of trouble so you can go to college and say whatever you want (within reason and depending on where you are). Assuming, of course, that the principal is acting reasonably. The student can’t be held responsible if the principal is flying off the handle over something trivial. From what you’re saying, it’s not at all clear that you’re wrong. But it’s not a legal issue until there is disciplinary action. Well, if it’s a public school and you’re not causing a disturbance and you didn’t raise a [Bong Hits 4 Jesus]() banner, then you’re probably in the right, but is this worth the fight? I suggest discussing this with your parents before triggering the principal, since they will end up getting involved anyway. Harassment. Harassment by itself is illegal. "Hate speech" is still protected speech. Harassment based on race or religion is a hate crime by Pennsylvania law.  I don't think it's fair to say I'm being bullied over the issue, I just think it's an overreaction to what I thought was a polite discussion between myself and a friend.  Religion / religious people is a protected class in the USA. You don’t have to intend to hurt someone for them to be hurt. (E.g., “I was just swinging my bat while walking down the street, and he walked into my bat, so it’s not my fault!” Yes it is, bc it was your bat that hurt that person.) On the other hand, if you think you’re being bullied or discriminated against by the school for being atheist or a different religion from the other students, then this issue gets more complicated, and I’d suggest talking with your parents about whether it’s worth them talking to the principal, finding a civil rights lawyer, or talking to a group like the ACLU.  I'm sorry if I'm coming across as a shitlord, that's really not my intent and clearly I've done something wrong if that's the consensus. I just figured it was considered inappropriate to restrict discussion topics based solely on non-violent thoughts of particular beliefs. In any event, I think it's pretty clear at this point I'm in the wrong so.... I'll just wait for the mods to lock this.   "Hate speech" is not codified in any federal law, nor is it mentioned in the constitution, and is absolutely protected by the First Amendment.  Tinker was about wearing a black armband. Not being a shitlord about someone's beliefs. And Tinker was specifically upheld for the students because the school overreached. Telling you to stop having conversations with someone is not that. Well yes that solves the problem but I'd rather look for options as to the reasonableness of this restriction Is there a specific point where that disruption is considered an overreaction? In relation to Tinker V Des Moines for instance, they got involved citing it as such but it was considered acceptable speech. So while the administration is involved that doesn't necessarily justify their involvement? Idk, sorry if that came across as an asshole thing to say  I can't accurately answer who said people were as I was not told. My comments had no intention of intimidating or angering anyone, I was simply expressing my distaste for religion. I wasn't specifically saying this to someone, I was having a conversation that they happened to hear  Your footing is you're allowed nondisruptive expressions of speech in school. When an administrator gets involved because of your speech that indicates it has become disruptive. If “certain people” is a protected category of people such as a race, nation of origin, or religion, then what you said is hate speech. If the comment was intended to intimidate or anger a specific person, especially if it’s part of a pattern of you doing similar things targeting the same person, then that’s bullying. Neither hate speech nor bullying are protected by the US’s right to free speech. Freedom of speech in the USA does have limits, such as on private property (such as private schools) or when it hurts others (such as hate speech or bullying). Here’s an analogy: you can walk down the street swinging a baseball bat if you want to, but you’re not allowed to swing that baseball bat into someone’s knees. Your right to do something (swing a baseball bat, or freedom of speech) doesn’t give you the right to hurt other people (hit them in the knees, or bullying/hate speech).  So don't talk about those things on school grounds anymore, which avoids discipline in the future. Problem solved. I'm being threatened with discipline in the future, I am not bullying anyone. I was having a discussion with a friend and said some less than flattering things about Christianity and the Republican Party, and now according to the principal im intimidating and harassing people, and I can't talk about that anymore. Are you actually being disciplined for this and want advice on how to appeal the disciplinary process, or are you just pissed about being told not to bully people and want to know how to force your school to let kids say whatever the hell they want? Bullying is bullying, you have to be tactful if you want to have discourse. Golden rule. As a student you still have free speech however, schools can have some restrictions. A.) speech can’t be disruptive. Context is really important here. Was the discussion about theology or did you shout ‘hail satan’ and go on a tangent in class? Essentially a school can’t stop you from talking about religion —or dislike of, so long that it doesn’t interfere with the function of school. B.) content neutral. A school can’t stop you from wearing a hat that says ‘MAGA’ on it. However, they can ban all hats as part of a dress code. Bonus: You have less protection in a private school since they are not an extension of the government. 