 Got a card on my door 2 weeks ago and me and a city detective have been playing email tag. I work on call going out of town so I'm not really available in normal hours. I've asked multiple times what this was related to but was told he couldn't provide information via phone or email since he cant verify it's really me? Detective works for economics crime unit. If it's related to a package that went missing from FedEx wouldn't he just say so? Think I should lawyer up. State is texas. Any advice? He doesn't want to help you in any way. He wants to gather evidence of a crime. I would send him one more email stating that you are no longer interested in talking to him. Then don't reply to anything he sends, even if he tells you what it's about. If he's working on an investigation of someone else, he'll eventually either get a subpoena or stop trying to contact you. If you get a subpoena, take it to a lawyer. If he's investigating you, he'll either arrest you or not, based on what he already has. If he arrests you, the only thing you should say to him (or anybody else) is "I don't want to answer any questions without my lawyer present. Am I free to go?" That's all.  Saying this with the utmost respect, you are exactly the kind of person that should never talk to the police. You sound like you are panicking, and racking your brains for whatever crimes you possibly could have committed, and making up stuff to confess to on reddit. There is no way an in person interview is going to go well for you. Tell the officer that upon reflection you decline to give him an interview. He either goes away, or arrests you, at which point you get a lawyer. Still without talking to the police. Ya and people wonder why everyone is paranoid about the people of authority. First time this has ever happened and it is not a pleasant feeling at all. If this was related to being a witness or providing security camera footage then this is going about it the wrong way I do have old cameras up but they dont record to anything mostly as just a deterrent. If he wanted access wouldn't he just ask instead of being all cryptic  You know that can cover burglary and even armed robbery, right? I've seen something similar happen to my neighbor. They wanted access to their security footage. You may want to check on the app like Nextdoor and make sure there wasn't a recent crime in your area being investigated as well. Use good judgement when talking to them. You're not required to.   's not like it's a murder charge 99.99% of investigations and arrests are not murder charges. Also, cops can lie, so he could even say there was a murder and it would be best that you come in and talk just so they can clear you and find the murderer. I mean, I don't know if they would say that, but they could if they thought that would get you to talk about package theft. Lennox it was a security system with cameras ironically. Bought it on sale maybe they shipped it with full retail value? Wish they would just tell me it's not like it's a murder charge idk what they would even charge me with Assert your right to remain silent no matter what, even if it means you get arrested. They want you to come in for one of two reasons: - Police have enough evidence to arrest you. Then NOTHING you say will help you. You cannot prove your innocence to the police they won't care. THEREFORE IT'S BEST TO REMAIN SILENT, let them arrest you, and wait until you get to see a lawyer. - Police don't have enough to arrest you. Then NOTHING you say will help you, and it's OFTEN that what people say give police just enough information to arrest them. THEREFORE IT'S BEST TO REMAIN SILENT. Don't talk to them. Police can lie to you to get you to talk. They can be VERY persuasive. And of course, don't go. That means you'll be interrogated, and they can hold you.  What shipper? That's the only economic crime I can think of, the shipper said he would have FedEx launch an investigation into the missing package. I think as a witness he would just ask, i just have a bad feeling about this  's related to a package that went missing from FedEx Why would you think that? That's an oddly specific question. You aren't required to talk to him, until or unless he gets a court order. You are free to seek the advice of an attorney before doing so and/or have one present for questioning. That's on your dime. He could be wanting to talk to you as a witness or as a subject - we can't guess either way on that. 