 Ok, so here is the situation, and I have some questions to follow up at the end. I won a $300 walmart gift card, and an iPad from a game that is known to have a "fixed payout", meaning that the game becomes 100% skill AFTER so much money is pumped into the machine. This was on separate plays, and not won together, but because I turned them in at the same time, they're seen as being redeemed at the same time. I had to mail a package to them with the prize boxes, and claim forms in the prize boxes with their verification and authentic codes on them to redeem the prizes. They claim that anytime anyone wins "something" over $600, they have to file this, OR "any combined total wins for one year over $600". This company is based in Texas, and I am in Pennsylvania, where they operate at least one arcade of a chain. Can they do this? I have redeemed iPad's, PS4's, Xbox 1's, and more at several other arcades through several years without ever having to fill out any forms for their redemption. The only thing some arcades do, is track WHO is redeeming big prizes, and how often. Using this info, most will put a limit on large items per individual to redeem per month. Follow up questions: Can I force the company to change their games to full 100% skill to make it "fair" if they are going to be forcing forms like this to be filled out? The games themselves have a full on payout rate that must be met before you can actually win. These are considered "games of chance" and are a form of gambling, no? Should I get an investigative reporter on this? How can I offset my wins here with proof of arcade play if I don't have receipts from the purchases? Can I have the company pull my card records to show that I spent more playing their games than the taxes will take (or the prizes are even worth)? (win to loss ratio) Can I have them reimburse me the shipping costs of having to send them the prize boxes for redemption? or is this just something I have to consider part of the "claim process"? [removed] The actual issue here is the past incidents where you did not fill out a tax form. Any payouts over $600 the company is required to keep a w-9. You are required to pay taxes on all payouts you receive. The government requires they fill out w-9s to ensure people like you are paying their fair share of taxes. Yes. In fact, you have been committing tax fraud all these years by not claiming these prizes on your tax return. But here's the flipside, all of the money you spent on these games can probably be deducted against your winnings, effectively meaning you probably don't have to pay any tax since you haven't really won any money! For the record, you're required to report winnings over the threshold whether you've filled out a W9 or not. Most people don't but that doesn't mean you're not supposed to (same with sales tax for online purchases, you're supposed to report that to your own state if the seller didn't collect tax from you). The tax hit in this case will be so small, it's probably not worth trying to offset the win with loses, especially since you'd likely have to itemize to claim that and wind up with less than the standard deduction. You could run this through a tax preparer (not H R) or an accountant for the best information. Not a lawyer, but married to an accountant.  Unless they have a gun to your head, they're not forcing you to fill out a W9. You can refuse. Subsequently they can refuse to issue you the prize. No you cannot force the company to change their business practices. Investigate reporter?? "this just in, breaking news! Company requires a w9 filled out to claim prizes like 90% of promotions do!"  Investigative reporter, lol You have to report this as income whether it was through 100% skill or 100% chance. Any income you earn, you have to report. Now, money you spent in order to earn that income, you usually get to deduct from the earnings you report. If you gamble or skill-win $10,000 but can document that you spent $9,000 to do so, then you'll report $10,000 of income and claim a $9,000 deduction.  You owe taxes on your winnings. Fill out the w-9.  Yes. They can do that. In fact, they are required to do that. You will be paying taxes on your winnings. Gratz! 