 Hey all! I (25M) was with Ernie (27M) for 3.5 years before he decided to propose. We were married last July and things went down-hill quickly over the following months. I found out that he wasn't interested in making a family, which was something HE KNEW I'm passionate about and want. He forced me to send him almost my entire paycheck (even though he made 3x more than I did), made me feel embarrassed for my hobbies, was completely unsupportive of me when my father was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and stopped having sex with me aside from once every few months. I shared with him my passion for painting; he responded that I wasn't good enough to make a career out of it, and why would I want to anyway? He legitimately karate chopped a shelf into pieces after I spent two weeks building and painting it. I never knew what mood he would be in when he came home from work: often times he would stomp up the stairs and lock himself in our room. At first I would try to console him, but his anger became terrifying and I learned to leave him alone. Those nights, we wouldn't even talk until I came to bed, shyly asking how he was feeling. I fell into a depression, began drinking to numb the pain, and tried to ignore these personality flaws that I somehow overlooked while we were dating. After he completely ignored valentine's day and my birthday this Feb., I decided that I couldn't live with an emotionally abusive, selfish man anymore and left him in May. I gave him the car, the dog, the house, and about half of the furniture. I called our lawyers after I moved out. He apparently took me off the policy, so they refused to speak with me until they spoke with him first. Ernie informs me that they'll be setting up a phone call with us and the lawyers soon. This was in July. This weekend I checked up on the divorce progress again. He apologized for holding up the process, said he's been busy, and that he would drive the papers over today. Come today, he doesn't feel it's fair to drive 1.5 hours round trip to drop the papers off. I moved this far away from him last week: he's had a few months to drive the papers to my old place that was just ten minutes away. He's now refusing to bring the papers at all, and says I'm the one 'in a rush' since I'm moving on and he doesn't care to. I'm not making a ton of money and I'm not sure if I can afford my own lawyer, but I feel like this divorce is holding me back from starting a new chapter in my life. I want more than anything to be a mother and have a family, but that fantasy for me requires marrying the father first. Does anyone have any advice? I just want to close this book and begin writing a new one.