 Like it says, someone local was able to access my husband's Gmail account. (We still don't know how it happened, but we believe it is someone we know.) They were able to access his phone address book. They have spent the last few days calling all of my husband's work contacts. The caller says "Hey, this is Husband, I have a new number..." and then proceeds to yell obscenities and insults into the phone. The person has called his boss and well as clients. This person has also been texting me (wife) pornographic pictures and lewd texts over the past few days. We tried to trace back the number, but it is a Google number coming from a computer. We are in Maryland but the Google area code comes from DC. Is this legal, or does this amount to harassment? Also, what actions should we be taking right now?  I strongly recommend the hack Pro “Mr. Wellon” to you all.He can help you to track your partner/spouse mobile device without physical contact.he is also a genius in any type of account you wish to have access to such as text messages, hack into cell phone,email, whatsaap, skype, instagram, facebook and so on.He is 100% guaranteed i was worried About my relationship my Fiance is a cheat and i needed a solid proof , he made it possible by tracking his Phones and location for me he was caught red-handed. You can also contact him via email or text Email: internetwebport737 at gmail dot com Phone: +17853259842 Either your husband had a bad password,or he used the same password on some other site which got hacked. First of all: change all password with unique passwords per website. Use a password manager to generate and handle these. Never reuse a password. Secondly enable two facto authentication in his Google account. This should prevent this happening again. Thirdly, go to and check the connected devices. Google should have expired any session when you changed password, but you never know. Ensure that no unknown device has an open session. I'd also give a check to any app listed there that uses Google for authentication. On that page you might have a log of security events which may give you some clue about who caused this. Added: consider adding your emails to . They will notify if your accounts were part of some data breach. Whoever had access to his account probably downloaded/exported all his contacts, so they can keep doing this forever. The only thing you can do is to tell anyone you know what happened. Whoever did this committed a felony. One way in which they might be caught is if the police gets the IP used to login into the Google account and checks with the ISP to whoever owned it at those times. Chances of finding them are low, if they did this from a public WiFi or something like that. Much more likely that the police might locate them from the calls they are making. You can ask the callers victims to send you the number that called them. If the fake caller is using a computer to call them (all the caller's numbers are different), I wouldn't count on it. I believe the police or the victim's phone providers may have some way to find out, but it'll probably be a long process. And nay not be able to 100% prove who is actually on the other end. There is some software that makes it almost impossible to find out who is calling. I don't think you can legally do much. Best thing to do is to notify everyone and protect yourself. Sorry you and your husband are going through this.  Good advice! I know he has changed his password and notified HR already, but the person is still making calls. Is there any way I can find out who this is? 