 I took 3 weeks off of work and a few weekends to clear out a house to be sold, and to itemize and price things that were distributed to beneficiaries. I kept track of all hours worked, and time taken away from my job. Can I bill the estate for my time worked? Is there a set rate for this type of thing? Can I also bill my jobs hourly rate for time I missed at my job? (I used vacation time, but still. It was something I had to use to settle an estate, and was by no means a "vaction") Reasonable compensation is okay. However, I would not have found it reasonable had my trustee asked for three weeks compensation for missed work (that you still got paid for) in addition to compensation for work done. I would have expected him to his duties outside of work or to find alternative solutions. If you had to take time off work to go to court that I'd understand, but not for general trustee duties. Yes that’s what I thought I was saying. Probably not explicit enough. They would bill for the value of the service provided, not for any lost wages or vacation time. I would be careful about it but yes you can bill for this sort of thing. That being said you can only bill for what is reasonable. Meaning that your not entitled to any more compensation then it would of taken to pay a company to come in and empty the house. If I were you I would call a company and get a quote for what they would charge to do what you did. Then bill for that amount.  [deleted] Forgetting for the moment whether or not you can be compensated at all, both paying you for time and paying for lost income (or vacation time) doesn’t make much sense. I’m not a lawyer but it’s my belief that estate administrators can definitely be compensated. A beneficiary in that role being paid is at least questionable, but if the other beneficiaries don’t object then it’s unlikely to be a problem. I don't think I've ever seen a trust agreement - and this is a trust, correct? - that doesn't expressly provide for trustee compensation. It would be in the back with all the administrative rigamarole. At any rate, the default rule is that a trustee is entitled to ["reasonable compensation under the circumstances.](http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?sectionNum=15681. lawCode=PROB)" There's nothing hard and fast about that, but [this page discusses some factors and case law.]() If this is a probate proceeding for an estate, the court probably has to approve the fees. If I were you, I'd discuss with any other beneficiaries, because I know I'd be pretty annoyed if one of my siblings or relatives took fees for doing this sort of work. That goes double where you've already done the work. If you had set a fee schedule and billed the trust estate as you performed work, that'd be one thing, but retroactively deciding to get paid could look unseemly to other beneficiaries. What does it say about trustee compensation generally? Read the trust agreement. It should specify whether beneficiary-trustees can be compensated. It's not common, FWIW. What is your connection to the estate? 