 Super awkward title, but I couldn't think of a better one. I'm a part time, non-exempt employee in Pennsylvania. Really I just want to know if what my employer is doing is allowed and/or if there's anything I can do to better my situation. Normally I get paid hourly and since I'm part time, never have to really think about overtime. But from the day after Christmas through January 2nd, we are absolutely booked and working like crazy. In that time (8 consecutive days) I'm scheduled to work 61 hours total. Originally I thought great, tons of overtime then. But then I learned from my employer that instead of getting paid by the hour, all employees will get a flat $150 or $200 per day depending on which day it is. I haven't been told yet whether or not to even log my hours for the days I work, and I have a feeling they might tell me not to bother clocking in or out. I could jump to more conclusions but I don't want to speculate too much. The tricky part is that our workweek is Monday to Sunday and since my first shift of the week (the 26th) is on a Wednesday, technically I'm only scheduled 38 hours for that workweek, and then 23 hours the next. Keep in mind, in my line of work it's very common to go way over scheduled hours so that first week could easily go closer to 45 hours, which I would think make a difference. So my questions I guess are 1.) Can an employer just switch up how they pay you whenever and for whatever reason they want? And 2.) Is there anything I should do to either cover my ass in case there is something I can do or might want to be careful of? Thank you so much for taking the time to read this and for any responses given. His complaint is that while he is only scheduled 61 hours in those eight days, he often has to stay over his scheduled hours and with this altered pay scheme, he is only going to get a flat rate regardless of the number of hours he works. It is difficult to suss out what exactly is going on because we don't know how many days he is working or how long the scheduled shifts are. We know during week 1 (dec 26-dec 30) he is working 23 hours over at most 5 days. Those could be short scheduled shift (doubtful) where he is scheduled for 4 or 5 hours but might be required to stay 12 or 16 hours ... which is obviously a really bad deal. Or he could be scheduled for a couple of 8 hour shifts plus a 7 hour shift and could end up being required to stay for 10 hours, which isn't such a horrible deal depending on what his normal rate of pay is.  Don’t make this comment in here again.  Unless your current pay rate is fairly high, it sounds to me like your boss is giving you extra money. You're working 61 hours over eight days, that's an average of just under eight hours a day. At $150 a day that works out to be around 19 dollars an hour. I'm not sure what your complaint is here. What’s your hourly rate? It’s sounds like the employer is being nice and giving essentially a bonus for each of these days. And these days are split across two pay periods, so overtime isn’t a factor for you anyway. Anyway, your hourly rate is key.  Essentially. It is Montana, btw. Under the Wrongful Discharge from Employment Act, after a probationary period, an employee can only be fired for cause (i.e. performance, etc). I see is the 50th state a "not-at-will" employee? Yeah, that's not a thing. Absent a contract, in 49 out of 50 states, you are an at-will employee. This means that they can fire you for any reason that is not a protected basis. The flip side is that you can leave your job when you want for any reason. If that were the case, no employer would ever be able to layoff an employee because everyone needs their pay to live and would have grounds to sue. Note that if you're not planning on being there a long time, you can wait until after you quit to make a wage claim. You have three years to make a wage claim in PA. Add up what you make under this policy and keep track. Also keep track of what you would have made if you stuck with your regular pay - so if between Wednesday and Saturday you work 45 hours add up what would be 40 hours at your regular hourly rate and 5 at 1.5 times that rate. If it’s less than the $650 it sounds like you’ll be making that week (which wouldn’t be surprising), and that’s true for each holiday week, then you’re actually getting a bonus. If you’d be making more hourly consider a wage and hour complaint.  True, appreciate the correction.  I don't know anything about the changing pay type, but I just wanted to confirm that this is correct. I live in PA and have worked several similar jobs. You could work ten days in a row without working overtime. That's right. My intent is simply to qualify the specific wording of the actual statement you made: you claimed that as long as amount paid divided by hours worked is at least minimum wage, "you're golden." This is true, provided that hours worked is less than or equal to forty. Not saying you're basically off track, just saying that there's an additional qualifier necessary to be fully accurate. Which might, for instance, come into play this coming week, or on a future week. That’s in a single pay period though. OP said although it’s 60 total in eight days, it’s spread over two weeks.   No. If OP is working more than 40 hours a week, then OP must be paid at least 1.5x minimum wage for hours over 40. thanks for letting me know then glad to know and also very sad to know Strange. If my employer were to do that, the first thing I would do is start looking for another job. In answer to your question, there is no general rule like that. There are certain requirements you must meet to become exempt. Typically positions in sales, or managerial/supervisor roles. The biggest being you must make a certain amount. Here in California, you must make atleast double the minimum wage to qualify.  This thread is full of bad advice. Companies cannot legally switch employees between hourly non-exempt and salary exempt at their own whim in order to not pay OT. There has to be a compelling reason to make the switch - like the nature of the job changed, or correcting a previous misclassification. The FLSA governs this. You should keep track of your hours and try to make sure that it's verifiable (turn on location on your phone, shoot yourself an email when you get to and leave from work, etc). Calculate on your own what your pay would have been if you had been paid correctly, and if there's a big enough difference for it to matter to you, file a wage claim with your Dept of Labor.   'm only scheduled 38 hours for that workweek, and then 23 hours the next. Keep in mind, in my line of work it's very common to go way over scheduled hours so that first week could easily go closer to 45 hours, which I would think make a difference. If this is true, you aren't working any overtime. It goes by work week. As long as this is a normal work week schedule and hasn't been changed just for the holidays, it doesn't sound like there is anything wrong here. As long as you are making at least minimum wage and you're getting your normal breaks/lunch, your employer is well within his rights, and I don't even see anything shady here.  Really? I was told that if you absolutely needed the money from the job (for whatever reason), then an employer bringing you down in salary because they knew you needed it badly and couldn't leave is means to sue. For example, if unemployment would pay you $10,000 a year, and after tax from your job you are bringing home $40,000, and you are supporting a family or have an expensive disease or something, and your employer drops you down to $35,000 knowing that if you can't leave. I mean, granted, I've never had enough money to sue an employer so I guess it's possible I was lied to. :( thanks for the update I guess  Just because you are salaried, does not mean you may not be entitled to OT pay. It depends upon state law, and whether you're exempt/get paid enough per hour. They just calculate your average effective hourly rate based on time worked / salary. NJ does this, for example. Unclear if PA does this. Unclear if federal law would help you (FLSA). Worth consulting an employment lawyer who deals with wage underpayment issues in PA. Depends on the line of work but from what I understand, yes. But just until he decides to switch you back to hourly once the holiday rush is over. NAL, but this is my understanding of federal law (I don't believe PA is more restrictive in this instance): They can change your rate of pay as long as they notify you in advance. As long as your rate of pay is \at least\ minimum wage (including due OT), they can pay you a flat rate. They cannot get out of paying you OT (you don't qualify as exempt from what you've written). Depending on how many days you are working, this flat-rate arrangement may or may not be OK legally. Depending on how far above minimum wage you are, this could be a good arrangement for you or it could be a really shitty deal. You need to keep track of your hours, preferably by clocking in and out, but if they don't have you do that then definitely keep track manually. Some method that will be tough to dispute would be a bonus.  Also, wouldn't effectively becoming a salaried employee for that time actually make me an exempt employee then? So, you are correct that overtime must be paid over 40 hours and that pay must meet or exceed the minimum wage. But an employer is completely within their rights to reduce an employees pay, going forward, absent an explicit contract. The employee's options are to accept the lower wage or quit (the pay reduction could be considered constructive dismissal, so they may still qualify for unemployment). This is 100% legal. Exactly. For just those days, it's a flat rate. Every other pay period of the year is done hourly.  Keep track of what you work every day, then look at how much you get paid. If over all it works out to minimum wage or higher, then you’re golden. If it’s lower then file a wage complaint.  We don't have a breakroom lol. And I understand having to be paid the hours I work at 1.5 hourly, but if I'm not paid hourly and just a flat rate of $150 per day (doesn't matter if I work 4 hours or 14, still get $150), then how can overtime be applied? If your job responsibilities have not changed much, I would be suspicious of your employer's motives. I would gather as much documentation as possible, as well as keep track of your hours as closely as possible. Take this info to the PA Department of Labor, and let them look into the issue. If they find out the your employer is playing games with your status, keeping track of your hours will help you get as much money as you are owed. If you didn't sign into an agreement, you have every right to seek out a lawyer to threaten your boss. Essentially, if you normally work 30 hours a week for most of the year and get paid $300, and then during the holidays you are still getting paid $300 but working 40 hours a week, your employer is purposely and maliciously underpaying you. Additionally, like the other comment, over 40 hours a week you must be paid at a rate of 1.5 hours. The argument is basically "The employee doesn't have any other option but to continue working at this job despite effective pay being lowered at the employer's whim. Therefore the employer is taking advantage of the employee purposefully and with intent to underpay" Also he might be paying you under minimum wage. No matter what, though, start recording your hours. Even if it's just on your phone or a notebook or something. As long back as you can remember. Encourage your close employee friends to do the same. IANAL But from my understanding (I'm also located in PA) an employer can change your rate of pay without notice, however, if you're going to work, you have to be paid for the time you work if you're paid hourly. Any time worked over 40 hours per week has to be paid at a minimum rate of 1.5x the hourly rate you're normally paid. So even if that's minimum wage, 61 hours before tax would work out to $519. Keep a log of the time that you work and make sure to document any hours you are told to work "off the clock." I'd also check the labor laws that are posted in your break room (as they are legally supposed to be) for full clarification.