 My mom works at a hospital and is having an issue with one of the new hires. He has been trying to claim another employee is being racist towards him (I don't know if it matters but he is white and is claiming the only black man in the department is being racist towards him) and has been "secretly" recording the conversations between him and other employees. Now as I understand it, NC is a one party contest state (I think that is the right phrase) and he doesn't have to tell them as long as he is in them. The only thing is some of these were taken in an area where patient information is discussed and I'm not sure if that changes things because of HIPPA. My mom is one of the department managers and isn't sure what to do about it. She isn't comfortable with him recording other employees but doesn't know the legality of it. What can she do and is he allowed to record in the hospital at the risk of violating HIPPA? This is a hypothetical as to OP, which belongs in /r/legaladviceofftopic. Locking.  Some of the recordings might be legal, depending on where they were made. Some might violate HIPAA. There are strict regulations regarding the recording of patients by staff, if that's what he's doing, even inadvertently. Any reasonably well-run hospital would have a policy against it and discipline or fire this employee. Why is this of concern? /r/legaladviceofftopic ...nothing anyone writes here is of any direct relevance to you or to your mother. Keep your nose out of it. Then why do you need advice? You should stay out of it. Nothing but trouble for your mother can come from you getting involved. I only posted here to get her some advice. I don't work there and no intention of involving myself   't sure what to do about it. She should talk to the hospital attorney. Or her own manager. You should stay out of it. She has brought her manager in. And her manager went to her manager to deal with it. I don't know if HR is involved yet. But is he allowed to make those recordings? (HIPAA) Your mother should speak with her manager and the hospital HR department, who may speak with the counsel for the hospital. Trying to play Jessica Fletcher and secretly record people when there are systems in place to handle these situations is just asking for trouble. She should not listen to any of the recordings and she should report all of this today.