 Over the many years of my artistic endevours as well as things I made in early school years, she has manipulated me to give her everything I ever made. This is not a matter of just little doodles and childhood drawings, but professional paintings since around 2005. She and I have had a very troubled "relationship", and since I was a teen, having any kind of contact with her was the exception rather than the rule. For many years, she heard nothing from me. Now, my life has come to a point where I am gaining my own ground and finding my way in the world and these pieces of artwork as well as schoolbooks, etc - I really want to have for myself. I called and asked the police whether they could help me, but they claimed I'd have to go to a lawyer in stead. I don't have that kind of money whatsoever! If I just go to her house and ask for it, she will ridicule, manipulate and lie to me and whoever might come with me. NO WAY she'd hand me over my own art and school work. And also, we haven't spoken for many months. And I have her number blocked, for my own sanity. Please! What can I do? I don't want my creations just lying there behind her curtains, not even hanging on the wall. She's extremely possessive just for the kick of it. To tell the truth, I've considered breaking in and grabbing the stuff - but I don't want to break the law. And I have no such intimidating friends who could stand up to her in this scenario. Please, please help. Your advice will be very much appreciated. And PS. If you have nothing else to add than "Looks like you're screwed" - then please, go elsewhere with your disheartening comments. I'm heartbroken enough! Tell her you really want them back, and if she doesnt give them, just start avoiding her. Treat her like a loving mother or a horrible mean lady like she sounds... I mean she can either see her daughter or keep your art. Up to you to make her see that.... Or else go there and visit her and take some good pictures of them with your phone. So you have some kind of record of them. Itd be better than nothing.  Cats are always relevant! ^shh ^don't ^anger ^the ^bot LocationBot gives random cat facts sometimes. Apparently it does it to keep it's karma high so it can continue to post. Honestly, they could just say "please upvote me so I can continue to post" in the main comment, but whatever. I simply cannot see the relevance here.   Some common houseplants poisonous to cats include: English Ivy, iris, mistletoe, philodendron, and yew.  Excuse me? I understand. Law is law. Thank you for your candid replies! Thank you, I appreciate your support very much. Thank you! She has them in her possession. So that's evidence that leans towards them belonging to her. Basically, yeah, you'd need something stating that they belong to you. I know you don't want to hear it, but you're looking at an uphill battle. You aren't screwed. What you are is incredibly talented, with a huge body of work ahead of you yet to be made. Focus on that and put your mental energy elsewhere. As you've already figured out, your mom isn't worth the effort of even having to think about. What kind of proof do you mean? I can't imagine anyone moving away from their parents only after writing on an official letter that whatever art was made by the child belongs to the child..?! Also, she doesn't have proof that they were given to her!  Yes, we both are in Denmark. I edited the original post as well. Thank you for taking the time to read and reply, it means so much to me!!! Would you feel comfortable telling us more about where you or your mother reside? (Country, providence, state, etc.) There might be local laws regarding issues like these and knowing more about where you are might help people give you more accurate advice.   't all kids until they grow up and move away on their own? No. That goes back to proof: Do you have proof that the paintings belong to you and weren't given to your mother? If you don't have proof of that, you're in for a longer legal battle to regain ownership. I didn't give them to her as gifts, I gave them to her as safe keeping. Don't all kids until they grow up and move away on their own? If these items were given to your mother, they belong to her. Therefore, you wouldn't have a right to them anymore. So unless you have proof they still belong to you and not her, then there isn't any recourse to get them back. 