 I live in the United States, specifically New Jersey. Recently my ISP has started to inject promotional material into webpages that I look at. This means at the top it has a banner that provides information about a new service they are offering. The ads appear on multiple devices (including iPhone) so I have confirmed that it isn't a local virus or malware. The ISP has admitted that they are doing this to me over the phone. From what I gather, multiple people have submitted FCC complaints but the representative claims that it is legal for them to be doing this. While for some people this wouldn't be a big issue. The problem is that when I am working from home and it appears on a specific display device. I can't close it like a regular device so it forces me to have to use a network wide VPN to prevent the popup. Is this legal? Sadly that's what we have now. The solution is just don't use ISPs that alter/inject data, and use SSL whenever possible. A while back Verizon was [caught injecting]() tracking headers (UIDH), at that point I canceled all my Verizon accounts. True, that. No, [congress specifically made it legal](). The current government isn't very big on privacy or network neutrality. I do contract programming. It's a simple Java injection it's not part of the original code. Use a VPN to avoid it.  It is though. The ISP can intercept traffic and add/change whatever they want to the website (in absence of SSL/TLS), it's absolutely "part of the webpage code" and could affect screen readers. [deleted] likely not if you agree to it. one user cited the terms and conditions for this isp and mention they require you to accept this, and im certain other american isps do this too. im sure there are bad faith exceptions depending on jurisdiction (e.g. attempting to make someone sign away their freedom) or something along those lines, but if they applied here i couldnt say. you could attempt to claim this is distribution of malware, but i doubt their ads are injecting much if any javascript, and what their scripts may do could vary greatly. i would imagine the definitions of malware also vary greatly depending on who you ask. This is perfectly legal.  Since the injection isn't part of the webpage code it wouldn't effect it unless you tell the program to read it. Huh, we have optimum and I haven't noticed any of that happening! How could a banner image interfere with a TTS device? There are banner images all over the internet.. surely the readers handle those somehow. You sure it's not just regular banner ads that the ISP bids on like everyone else? When we gathered as a nation, we couldn't even get the FCC to maintain the existing laws that protect us from things like this. An individual has nothing on these companies. Also, for DNS, use 2606:4700:4700::1111 and 2606:4700:4700::1001 in addition to the other two. They allow you to perform DNS queries over IPv6. If you'd like a technical solution rather than a legal one, you're going to have to have either an encrypted or a signed connection between your website and you. Since there's almost no reason to prefer a signed connection over an encrypted one, we'll go with the latter. It also protects your privacy. The easiest and cheapest way would be to use HTTPS. There are free extensions that will do this automatically, or you could just make sure to use instead of http://. Most websites these days use HTTPS, and [here's why all websites should](). The more effective way would be to use a VPN. A VPN encrypts all traffic from you to their servers, then unencrypts their layer of encryption before sending it off to the website. This means it blocks your ISP from seeing or interfering with anything. However, good VPNs cost money. Not a lot, but not a little either. All free VPNs are bad, in some fashion. [deleted]  Wouldn't this run afoul with wiretapping laws? Oh no, I was trying to point out that if the router was provided by the ISP, and the router has built-in adblocker, then I would have pointed out that the router's adblocker probably has a hardcoded whitelist that lets the ISP ads pass thru, and would then suggest like the others that OP needs to get a browser plugin, like uBlock Origin to cover for it's shortfalls. Yeah I thought it was just me at first.  It doesn't matter. The ISP is mucking about with the data between OP's house and the network at large. They don't need to control OP's router to do that. That won't make any difference. Using a 3rd-party DNS service only prevents your ISP from mucking about with your DNS, which is not what is happening here. OP is experiencing what is known as "deep packet inspection". This means that the ISP is not just passing data from the internet through to OP, but they're examining the contents of the packets to see if there's anything valuable. And more than that, they're modifying OP's internet traffic for profit. The best solution is to use secure connections for everything. Look at the URL at the top of your browser window as you read this. Note that it starts "https://". That "s" stands for secure, and it means that Reddit has provided you with a secure encrypted connection to browse Reddit. This was done specifically to prevent such ISP fuckery. Most significant sites on the internet do this nowadays, for just this reason. If you need to visit sites that don't use https, then you should also get a VPN service. It costs a little money every year, but it's worth it. VPN basically provides a secure connection between your computer and some "point-of-presence" (POP) site the VPN company maintains. This will prevent your ISP from messing with your connections, although other ISPs between the POP site and your final destination could still be messing about. If you've noticed a lot of brouhaha about "network neutrality" lately, this is partly what that's about. Not a lawyer, but as a Software Engineer, I would say there's a definite legal case here. When you request a webpage, you're conducting a conversation: contacting third-party website, asking them for information, and getting a response. Check your contract, but generally your ISP is contracted to provide you with internet access. i.e., to connect you to the internet, and transfer data back and forth between you and other third-parties on the internet. There MAY be a provision related to limiting your data rate, or cancelling your service if you send abusive data, such as commercial advertising "spam". HOWEVER, I have never seen anything in a contract allowing the ISP to modify the content of conversations. In another context, such as phonecalls, for instance: imagine you were speaking to someone on the phone, and your phone company was randomly modifying what they said, to make it sound like they were promoting a product. You'd be outraged. That outrage indicates the scale of "wrongness" in what they're doing, if they modify your communications in such a way. It's ENTIRELY inappropriate. Note that randomly inserted advertising is a security and privacy threat: not just a nuisance. However, it might be in your contract. If so, you need to just switch ISPs. Now that is an interesting question Is this the router supplied by your ISP, or one you bought yourself? I'm pretty sure it's legal as long as it's in the terms you agreed to. There used to be free ISPs that tried to run entirely on the model of showing people ads while browsing the web. Are they doing this to all sites or just sites that don't use SSL? They shouldn't even be _able_ to do it to sites that have SSL without breaking things (SSL lets you know if someone tampered with the webpage, and modern browsers will make it very obvious). If you see it there anyway, try checking your computer and browser for malware. Some extensions allow people to inject ads into the browser that way. Interesting. You agreed to it in the TOS #20 But you have a good point around it interfearing with accessibility software.  I already use Google DNS. As for the adblocker, I use this but not on mobile devices. My router has an adblock feature that I use but these ads are getting around that somehow (I contacted the router manufacture for help with this). And yea I have Encrypt.me for VPN access which is normally pretty fast. Someone else in my family uses a text-to-speech device that you can't install a VPN client on. And my router doesn't support full home VPN access (and I really don't want to do that). EDIT: I actually use the DNS of my router manufacture. Normally I would be against this but the company is pretty reputable (Eero) and it is used for home networking filtering. Optimum (Atlice USA). This is not a DNS since I use Google DNS. I confirmed with them that they are injecting them into the pages and not a DNS issue. Edit: I did read their TOS and the only clause it has is something regarding "watermarking" which seems similar to this practice. I am just trying to figure out if this is actually legal.  Hop onto your router and change your DNS to 1.1.1.1 and secondary to 1.0.0.1 Visit for more info on what this does and why you should use it. You can also start using an Adblocker, but I can understand if you don’t want to do this. I personally use NordVPN which (using quick connect to get me a close server) gets me relatively close to the download speeds I pay for. Usually VPNs will half (or worse) your download speeds due to the tunneling they have to do. You want a VPN that is under $4/month, anything more is too expensive for a VPN service and you want no logging. This is normally the bread and butter for a VPN service but you can research them to find out what best suits you. However, try the DNS change first. You might still get pop up ads based on cookies. What ISP? Usually there is an opt out option for something like this. Or they are doing it to their DNS and the fix is as simple to changing to another DNS provider.  What if someone is using a text-to-speech device due to a disability. Would this be in violation of the ADA if the banner was interfering with the device? Yes It is legal. You can use a VPN to avoid this. 