 The incident: So, a few months ago I was returning from visiting friends in the States and was driving through NY state on my way home to Ontario. About 10 or 15 min from the border, much to my surprise, I was pulled over by a police officer. He told me that I wasn't speeding (which I knew, as I had been very carefully monitoring my speed) but that I had a headlight out. This was news to me, because I had checked my headlights when I started my drive that morning (they were both working then) and it was still daylight outside, so I had not noticed that there was less light than there should have been. I expressed surprise (politely) and handed him my license and registration as he requested. He gave me a ticket for "No/inadequate lights" and sent me on my way. I crossed the border very shortly after that, found a safe spot to pull over, examined the headlight myself, hit it once, and it came right back on. The relevant laws: When I got home, I started looking up NY traffic law, because I was pretty sure that NY doesn't require daytime running headlights. Turns out I am right. I found the wording for the law and it specifies, according to the Department of Motor Vehicles New York Safety Laws website, ([]()) that the current law in the State of New York is that headlights must be on: When visibility is reduced to 1,000 feet or less. 30 minutes after sunset until 30 minutes before sunrise. Whenever using windshield wipers in rain or snow. None of these three stipulations were the case at the time I received the ticket. I called the court and they told me to write up my explanation and send it. I did so, including the above information, citing the exact time and date I received the ticket, and then looking up and including the official sunset time in that county on that day (to prove my ticket was received well before 30 minutes after sunset) as well as the actual reported weather conditions for that county on that day and time (not just the forecast, but the historical "this is what happened today" report) to prove there was no precipitation at all, nor any conditions that would have resulted in reduced visibility. I wrote it all up politely, included the various documents on sunset time, law wording, and weather conditions, and sent it off. The first DA letter: It happens right now that Canada Post (our mail system) is on strike, which is delaying the mail arriving. So I called the DA when I hadn't heard back in a few weeks, to make sure they received my explanation and see if they had made a decision. I was told over the phone that they had received it, and had made a decision that no reduction would be offered; they had mailed that decision and it would arrive at my home shortly. I was also told this was the "final offer" and if I didn't like it, I should call the court to schedule a court date. Incredulous, I did so. Long story short I was told to wait for the official letter from the DA, and was given more time to make a decision how I would respond (I am currently unemployed, which I told them, and making another trip to NY for a court date to fight this ticket that I shouldn't have received in the first place would be a lot of gas money.) I received the letter, and called the court to schedule a trial date but no one answered, so I left a message as the answering service stated to do. The second DA letter: The very next day (before I heard back from the court) I received a second "final offer" of a plea bargain from the DA. This one amended my charges from "No/inadequate lights" to "Parking on pavement." I feel the need to point out here that I was driving on a highway when I was pulled over. Also, it does not appear to be a lesser charge. Both charges have 0 points attached to them, and I was told, when I called the court confused, that they have a similar sliding scale of fine, though the second charge may have a lesser "surcharge" attached to it. (Because apparently I have to pay taxes--the person I spoke with at the court used that word to describe this surcharge--on my fine for something I never did after it was amended from something that wasn't illegal in the first place.) And then... "it's not possible that this could be overturned": I asked at this point (given the distance I live from the court and the fact that I am currently unemployed) whether instead of appearing in person to fight this ticket if I could submit my written account and have the judge make his/her decision based on it. I was told no, I must appear. I then asked, just to be sure, is a possible outcome of this court appearance that the judge could decide to throw the ticket out. I was told no again, that the judge just "sets the fine." I expressed more incredulity at that (politely, I promise), pointing out that if a "not guilty" decision isn't at least a possible outcome of any given court case than it's not really a court of justice, is it? To be clear, even the documents they have sent me use the word "trial" not "sentencing." The person on the phone became flustered and admitted that perhaps the judge could throw out the ticket, but stated that they weren't sure. My questions: That's where things stand now. I have until mid-January to make a decision. I have two questions for this subreddit: 1) Is it actually true that the judge can't throw this out, that all he/she can do is set a fine? (Am I screwed because the DA refuses to admit the ticket was issued in error) and 2) Is there anything else I could do to get this thrown out, or, if I do suck it up and go to court, is there any advice I should follow? Thank you very much. (TLDR; I live in Canada and was issued a traffic ticket in error in NY state and the DA is refusing to throw it out) Depending on the vehicle, his DRL may actually be his high beam HEADLIGHTS, just at a lower output power, this is a very common system in many vehicles, as it doesn't require additional bulbs. well hypothetically you'd get it towed, I believe services like AAA or HondaCare account for that type of thing I agree, but if OP was flustered and clearly upset the officer may have been trying to reassure them that it wasn't speeding, since that's most people's go-to concern. It did strike me as an odd thing to lead with though, but I'm not from Canada, NY, or anywhere up north so I thought it might be a colloquial thing. It just seems like a weird thing for the cop to say. : "Why did you pull me over" : "You weren't speeding" I initially did as well. Had to do a doubletake on it. Maybe it was the phrasing or something? Sorry I misread that, I thought it said he was speeding.  't speeding (which I knew, as I had been very carefully monitoring my speed) but that I had a headlight out. If OP is telling the truth here, then they weren't pulled over for speeding.  It sounds like he was pulled over for speeding, and the officer opted to give a non-moving violation ticket instead of the speeding ticket. If you get pulled over, you pay the fine. Wait..so what happens if a light goes out while you're driving? Or if you're in the middle of nowhere and notice that a light is out? How do you legally do anything? The car can't just teleport to the nearest autoshop.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Your comment or post has been removed because you posted a link to a search result or an otherwise obfuscated link. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. Whoops, good catch.  Yup. NY is a terrible state to be a driver in, however the fix-it ticket is the way to go. I got a headlight ticket in NJ a few years ago and called the clerk to ask how to get it dismissed, since I fixed the light within 24 hours. First thing she says is, "Oh you're from New York, aren't you? We don't do that here." So I ended up having to pay a $54 ticket (no points luckily). Not at all. There’s no such requirement that they both have to come on at the same time. The car could have been modified to work that way. Or the headlight that stays on could be malfunctioning and stays on even when headlight switch is turned off. Or the daytime running light system could be defective and only turn one on, but the headlights were both fine when headlight switch is turned on manually. He did not witness on headlight bulb malfunctioning by only observing one is off and one is on.  OP stated he did that. Legally you should check your lights before you drive, every time. Most people don't, but technically that's how you're supposed to know when you have a light out. If one is on and the other is off, he's witnessed it not working. Headlights don't have independent switches. They are indeed. His HEADLIGHTS are what were inoperative. headlight out. This was news to me, because I had checked my headlights when I started my drive that morning....... headlight myself, hit it once, and it came right back on. If the statute specifically references headlamps you may be in the clear depending on the car you drive. Many GM cars use a turn signal or running light as a DRL, my Volvo uses the fog lamps, and some cars use the actual headlamps. It depends how far you want to push this.  So most people point rightfully to your misinterpretation of why you’re at fault (ie by law you need working headlights, whether you are using them or not), but one could argue that the police officer did not actually check whether the headlight was working. He only witnessed it being turned off. It might not be illegal to drive with one headlight on only as long as the other can be turned on also when dark.., Just like some european model had parking lights that could be turned on on one side only. You could try presenting that case to the judge but I doubt it would work even if right. Also your own communication with the DA might already have proved that, indeed, the headlight was not working. Tread carefully. Local courts in NYS are notorious for corruption and incompetence. You can do a quick search for ‘upstate ny judge scandal’ to get some hair-raising reports. If you're driving down the road and noticed that all you have to do is _park on the pavement_ for a moment and get out and.... oh. In many cars drl and headlights are completely different things Daytime running lights and headlights are different things. You have created a lot more trouble for yourself by trying to argue that the ticket was in error. You could have taken care of it that day and been done with it. On two occasions I got a ticket for a headlight being out in upstate NY. The ticket had a portion that basically says if you get your headlight fixed within 24 hours the ticket is essentially dismissed. You just need to go to either a mechanic or a police station, have them fill out the portion saying that it is fixed and sign it. Then you send it in, and you are done, no fine, no points. Since you didn't do this, your chances of getting out of it are slim. You had the option to get out of paying a fine if you took care of having the light checked that day. They have already done you a favor by changing the charge to one with a lower fine. The best option is to just pay the fine. If you go to court there's a good chance you are wasting your time. Yeah, That's something that shoulda just been a warning at the officer's discretion. Unfortunately, It's not illegal for him to be a dick. Okay, thank you for the clarification. I still think it's pretty crappy that I was issued a ticket in the daylight, when I couldn't have seen that the light was out, but if what you cited is also part of the law, then that is what would matter in court.  Can you clarify why you think the ticket was an error? From what I understand, your daytime running lights were operational, but your headlights were out? IANAL and not familiar with NYS. However, optional equipment can still be required to be 100% functional if equipped. Ex: In Virginia, auxiliary lights (including: backup, daytime running, and fog lights) are not required; but if installed, they must be operational. You're saying the ticket was in error. But didn't you also say you hit the light and it came on? Meaning it was off when the officer wrote you the ticket? I don't see the error. The citation wasn't for daytime running lights being required, it was for inadequate lights, which even you admit your headlight was out when the officer stopped you. in most US states, you are required to have fully operational headlights and taillights. I know in Canada (Quebec?), cars are required to have their headlights on at all times which is where your confusion might be stemming from and why you had your headlights on at a weird time in the US. while you're correct that you did not need to have them on at the time in New York, the fact is that you did and that one of them was out which means that the officer was perfectly valid in citing you. the fine for this may be significantly cheaper than a lawyer. as a resident of Ontario, I know there is a reciprocity agreement with New York to share traffic information so this will affect your insurance, but you might be able to take traffic school. You can of course, always come back down and try to fight it in court yourself but that may go badly.  He said headlights, which are dipped/high beam and are required to be working. He's not talking about DRLs The mention of NY not requiring "Daytime running headlights" isn't in reference to Daytime Running Lights (not headlight) option on an automobile. He's saying that NY doesn't require the daytime running of HEADlights. No, I got that. The point is having one of a pair illuminated is quite possibly still improper or inadequate, even if the lights do not need to be on as it can confuse other drivers. I don't know this for certain; I dont do traffic and don't practice in NY. I do suspect it more than a slight possibility, though. I would call traffic lawyers in NY and ask; they should tell OP if it is something that can be fought or OP should just accept the parking ticket.  His point is that it was his daytime running lights, which aren’t a legal requirement. These are totally separate from your dipped or high beam, which are a legal requirement. I’d refuse the charges if I was op, as you say though get a lawyer. Yes, the judge can throw out the ticket at the hearing. However, you need to decide if driving the whole way from ON to fight a ticket that may or may not be thrown out is worthwhile - if I understand correctly, you had one bulb illuminated and one out; i suspect this is still inadequate even if they did not need to be on at the time. You can call around to NY traffic attorneys and ask; I would be suprised if you can't find the answer that way. You might consider having one appear for you as well; many are willing to appear on a money back guarantee of their (relatively low) fee. Tickets are reduced by the prosecutor to lesser infractions to reduce the fine and points, such as yours to a parking infraction. When this happens, it does not have to accurately describe the events. It might be worthwhile to consider just paying that fine.  So, the problem you're going to run into is this. Although headlights are not required to be on during the day in clear weather, two working headlights are required at all times. It's just so happens that a non-working headlight can be seen during the day when running them during the day. So technically you're still guilty of it. Even if you tap them and they come on. You can't exactly tap them while driving down the road if one goes out for the same reason again. 