 Recreational Marijuana use was voted to be legal in my state of Michigan in November, and as of a week or so ago it became legal for individuals 21 years of age or older to pocess and consume it. I am 23 years old and I get monthly prescriptions for Vyvanse (ADHD medication). I have to visit my doctors office once every 4 months, during these visits it is not uncommon for them to give me a drug test as Vyvanse is a controlled substance (they test randomly, but it's roughly about 1/3rd of the time). I smoke marijuana maybe 3 or so times a week, but during the month before a doctors visit I play it safe and stop as I don't know if I'll get tested or not. I'd really like to not have to stop smoking now that it's legal in Michigan. However I'm not sure if the leagalization applies the same way to people being drug tested due to a controlled substance prescription. Any info regarding this would greatly appreciated! It's common for long term use of controlled medications- that's everywhere. Makes more sense Yeah he has a more serious history with hard drugs and in his words they “monitor everything closely”. I assume it’s to protect the doctor. Interesting. Makes sense I guess if past substance abuse is an issue  I never debated the legality of it. Just whether it’s necessary. True about OP not being forced OP isn't being forced to take a drug test either. He may decline, and find someone else to prescribe the medicine. Many doctors require contracts when prescribing long term controlled substances. Here is an AMA opinion article on the practice: []() This is all perfectly legal. I don't have an opinion as to if it's ethical or appropriate for the doctor to do this... Mostly because that's out of scope for what we discuss here. But, it's legal. It differs from doctor to doctor and can have to do with patient history aka if they have past substance abuse issues. My cousin has ADD and previous issues and has different requirements he must meet to get his medication. Note I am not saying that is the case for OP. Right but I’ve never been forced to take a drug test for my doctor Right but I’ve never been forced to take a drug test for a doctor. It’s up to the patient to make sure they are making the right decisions.  Because weed and medicine can mix in unexpected ways... same reason a lot of medication advises to not drink while taking it. It’s for the patients health.  Of course it's intrusive. So are questions about what you eat, if you smoke cigarettes, if you drink alcohol, if you are sexually active, how many partners you have, how frequently you have bowel movements, if it hurts when you pee. It's your doctor. Of course they ask intrusive questions. I'm not a doctor, so I don't know the significance of smoking marijuana while taking other controlled substances. But, I trust the doctor to. Typically those drug tests are to ensure that you are taking the correct amount of the drug and not selling it. Some medical practices do this for certain drugs that are often abused or sold, such as pain meds, anxiety meds and stimulants. It's a safe bet this is the case for your prescription. You should be able to confirm this quite easily with your doctor. The legislation which made legal, in your state, marijuana did not create mandates which require your doctor to prescribe what you want him to prescribe, regardless of any interactions that may exist with the drugs you are taking. Your doctor still has the discretion to prescribe Vyvanse, nor not. If your doctor wants to discontinue your prescription because you smoke marijuana, he may. If he wants to discontinue your prescription because you ate Fruit Loops for breakfast, and is concerned that the Red Dye in the cereal will cause an adverse reaction, he may. The concern with using marijuana while taking this medicine is probably due to a concern about substance abuse, not the legality of doing so. And, the change in legal status did not change medical opinions about the concerns about substance abuse. This is a question you need to ask your doctor. I have never been drug tested at the doctors while taking prescriptions, even controlled substances. Is this something common in your state? Why would the doctors care if you smoke pot with your meds? This seems intrusive  Next visit ask your doctor if it is okay, say something like you've been considering it now that it is legal. If he says not while being on vyvanse then you have your answer. This question should be directed to your personal doctor his intentions are not to get you into trouble, his intentions are to help you get healthy. 