 The property is owned by a property management company, they are kind of small in operation but have a lot of money behind them from other ventures. A bit of a back story, 3 years ago my friend moved into the property with the property manager. My friend tells me that they together fixed up the property to a very minimum, taking many shortcuts because the property manager didn't care to spend money and effort on what was going to be his residence.. maybe trying to look good to his boss that he wasn't going all out on his place on the company dime. But the counter has cracks and probably isn't food safe, it actually isn't really attached so all the time i have friends over and they lean on the counter and the counter top slides off and freaks them out.. floor is pealing up in the kitchen, furnace has been out twice this winter for 4 days, and the ac was out for three weeks this past summer. which I mention because I am wondering if this is perhaps enough to terminate my lease.. anyway, so the yard is even worse, piles of old large kids toys like a toy kitchen and car, but lots more, and tires, oil jugs, wood fence panels, some kinda concrete wall panels, loose 2x4s, all kinds of trash just piled up. I am concerned about it for the safety of my dog but so far it hasn't been an issue so I haven't made a fuss or anything but they got a letter from the city about it stating they will get a fine if its not cleaned up by a certain date. The landlord waited until the last day and texted me to clean it up, and i told them that i wouldn't and they need to because it was already there when i moved in, but the just reiterated their request stressing they do not want to get a fine. I was pretty mad but just calmly told them i wasn't going to do it and left it at that there wasn't much conversation. Well they never did anything about it so I am sure the city gave them a fine, and it sounded like it would be expensive. If they expect me to pay for it, how should I come armed to this conversation? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.