 This is something of an update/continuation of a situation that I posted here last week. Here's the original post for full context: [\_was\_fired\_from\_work\_because\_i\_chose\_not\_to/]() The day after I posted that, I went to the Twitter of one of the store's district managers in Phoenix, AZ and I told him that he needs to make a surprise, incognito visit to the store that I use to work at. I lied and told him that I was currently employed there and that he needs to come inspect the store ASAP to deal with some issues that the bosses aren't telling him about. With our stores, the district managers will come in to inspect, except they usually give our bosses some prior warning to give them time to be ready for the visit. With our store, it's always a mess. The trucks are never fully stocked in a day like they're suppose to be and the backroom is overflowing with leftovers from prior trucks, but we usually manage to pull of a miracle by completing all of it before visits. I texted one of my friends who still works at the store and I told him to keep me posted on if the district manager ever comes in and what he does. He texted me the day after I messaged the DM and he told me some great news: For starters, the DM did come in unexpectedly and he lost his shit. The salesfloor was littered with remains from a prior truck and the backroom was in an even worse state. The DM apparently held an emergency meeting with our stores managers and Team Leads and he ended up firing a bunch of Team Leads, including my former one who got me fired. He was fired because he was in charge of everything relating to the truck unload/merchandising side of the store. My friend texted me and told me all about this and I couldn't resist what I did next. I went to the Facebook of the Team Leader and I sent him a message that said "How'd you like that surprise visit?" And just yesterday, my friend texted me again and told me that the store's main manager (the one who fired me) had quit out of frustration. With the truck unload Team Lead gone, our store wasn't able to receive any trucks. I don't know the logistics behind it, but our store cannot process and receive trucks unless there's a Team Lead to sign off on it and since the store doesn't have one, the truck has to remain at the loading/shipping area, meaning that it's only going to get bigger and filled with more merchandise until it can be sent to the store and received. According to my friend, a whole bunch of truck team members were just walking out and quitting or looking for new jobs since they didn't want to deal with the inevitable monster of a holiday truck that could very well cut into Christmas. Our unloading department of the store was already losing a bunch of team members in the span of just a couple of days and the boss saw all of this and just walked out and quit since he didn't want to deal with it. My friend also told me that he just quit today so as not to deal with the incoming monster truck and his quitting lead into some conflict with another manager. This whole ordeal is leaving the entire store in a state of chaos and that's a fact that I'm honestly quite proud of. It makes me happy knowing that I was pretty much the one who has caused all of the problems at the store and I did good on my promise to get those two supervisors out of this job. Unfortunately, here's the legal side of this story: When I messaged my former Team Leader on Facebook, he responded with "How about I come to your place and blow that smile off of your face with my assault rifle?" At first I thought he was just blowing hot air, but then his next message had my entire address, right down to my exact apartment number. He messaged me again and said that per Arizona law, he's legally allowed to shoot me because of the "Instigator Law" where he'd be allowed to shoot me since I instigated him on Facebook. And he left his message with "See ya soon". I blocked him and I've spent the past couple of days legitimately worried. I have all doors and windows locked and I'm thinking of reporting him, but I also take into consideration what he said about instigating. I haven't found anything on an Instigator Law in Arizona, but I'm still worried about his threat. What should I do?  I'm just afraid he'll come back daily if the responses here are serious and involved. I reported the post. I hope a mod looks into it and decides to ban him before he's a regular if he isn't already.   't get validated and treated seriously here As much as we do anyone. Which generally isn't much. Tell the police immediately. He is not allowed to shoot you. Instigators law is jot a real thing. Not only that, he is not allowed to threaten you. Definitely report this. While you probably shouldn't have rubbed it in his face, you didn't do anything legally wrong. This person spams made up stuff to multiple subreddits every day, usually trying to get called stupid or upset people. I hope he doesn't get validated and treated seriously here because he's seriously misusing a really important no cost service just to be an asshole.  Your Team Leader, first and foremost, misunderstands the law -- but he has made a somewhat credible threat to your safety and/or life. Call the police. The "instigator law" doesn't mean, "if someone hurts my feelings on Facebook I can go shoot them without fear of legal consequence," just FYI for him. Sounds like a credible threat to me. Could report him to the police. As far as being legal to shoot you no, no state would back someone reading a message on facebook then driving to their house and killing them. That is just murder I dont care if you called him every word in the book. Call the police and report the threat. Everything else the team lead said is nonsense. Edit: Oh it's you. Everything this dude writes is made up and annoying. I don't know why he hasn't been permanently banned. Generally when someone threatens you you call the police. 