 Mobile, format, FTPLTL, throwaway. yada yada yada I’m a minor in Michigan and work at a local restaurant. There have been several instances where rules have been broken, but “whose gonna find out?” Along the lines of I didn’t get a break, but they still had to have me clock out to imitate one, and then add a half hour on the end of my shift to compensate me. NUMEROUS kitchen things (I.e. lengths of the knives I’d be handling, my grill usage, etc). This isn’t even mentioning our AWFUL roach problem. But last night was the last straw. Not only was I scheduled on dish (which I shouldn’t be, and practically refuse to be. I said as such in my interview, but that’s neither here nor there) and it came to the end of the night, and it was a Wednesday, so they had to do payroll. The manager came up to me and asked me to clock out WELL before I (and the head waitress) were finished so they could payroll (which they cannot when people are still clocked in). I refused because I wanted to be compensated for the next 30-40 minutes of work. He said either I did it, or he’d do it manually from their system. I was appalled, but he’s technically my boss (he’s a floating manager for when the stars align and we have none of our actual managers. Whether that be the GM, the AGM, or the MIT/server. We’re also a chain of 5 locations.) and so I complied. I didn’t want to ruffle feathers, or lose my job. Although I hate it, I want the experience and money. So what do I do? I messaged the AGM when I got home and said was appalled, but didn’t know what to do. I’m getting very close to my wits end. What are my options? Reporting them? Talking to owners? I’m at a loss, and I’m easily swept under the rug because I’m a minor. Any advice would be helpful.  Maybe go all /r/maliciouscompliance. If the manager tells you to clock out, do it. Then once you're clocked out, go home. You cannot legally work off the clock. Thanks for the advice and for the awesome resources! Although as I said about the dish thing I just grin and bear. More venting about that then wanting advice about. Thanks for the advice! Although as I said about the dish thing I just grin and bear. More venting about that then wanting advice about. If your company isn't paying you for time worked, or they aren't letting you take appropriate breaks, contact your state's Dept of Labor. Some states take minor breaks very seriously. Practical advice: in the United States, your boss could tell you to clean the toilet with a tooth brush, and fire you if you refused. What you are scheduled for, what your job title is, and what you said in an interview, don't really matter. The only things that matter are contracts and legal requirements. This is called 'employment at-will' and is effective in all states but Montana. If you're not being paid correctly or being shorted hours you actually worked, file a wage claim: [,4601,7-154-59886-39617--,00.html](,4601,7-154-59886-39617--,00.html) If you're concerned that the employer is violating labor law by requiring employees to work for free, you can file another complaint: [,4601,7-154-59886---,00.html](,4601,7-154-59886---,00.html) If you're concerned that the restaurant is breaking health or safety codes, report those concerns to the appropriate governing bodies (health inspector, etc.). Your employer is free to put you on dish duty whenever they please, regardless of what you were originally hired to do. Your boss sets your responsibilities and duties at their discretion and their discretion alone, at any time. Sometimes handling these things outside of the law is the quickest way to get things rectified and get paid appropriately, so your idea of talking to the owners may be a good first step.