 A former friend of mine came into 10,000.00. During that time, he offered to help my child and I with rent. I explained to him I could not pay it back and he insisted. After he had given me the money, he became different towards me like I owed him something more (yikes) So I slowly cut contact from being uncomfortable. He would snap chat me 15-20 times a day. Call me and send incessant text messages. After 3 months of ignoring him, he contacted me about my "loan" ....what...? He then sued me under the guise that it was a loan after his money did not buy me, per say. I missed the court date and now a wage garnishment has been granted. What are my options to fight this? It was a gifted sum of money. I told him I could not pay it back. I denied the gift several times before I accepted. Please help me. Well... it's not so much your income as it is your income vs. your debts and how much money is left over for you to live on.  I have a 1,050.00 salary every two weeks, guessing that would be viewed as able :/ You have no options. Your option to fight this was to show up in court and argue your case. You didn't do that, so your former friend showed up and explained that this was a loan and won the case. You had a right to appeal that ruling but you would have had to do so within 10 days and you would have had to appeal to a higher level court where you would need an attorney. At this point, having let all the points at which you could have argued the case go by, you are stuck having to pay this. The only way to get out of the debt now is to declare bankruptcy, and that would only work if you are unable to afford the debt.  Were you served notice of the court date? If proper service wasn't done it can be possible to vacate a judgement for that reason but he can turn around and sue you again only this time you could go defend yourself. Damn, that's actually one of the few things that might actually make a difference here. You were likely improperly served. You need to find out ASAP if you're in the window to appeal, because if you are and everything you've written is accurate, you have a good argument that you were improperly served and the money was a gift.  I was capable, just uninformed  If you weren’t served you may be able to have the judgement set aside. That would suspend the garnishment while the case is re-heard. However, this almost always requires an attorney; if the expense is greater than the current judgement, it may not be worth doing. Call your local bar association and get a referral, and ask about cost.  Correct.  So you didn't find out you had a court date until after the court date?  He gifted me 800.00 for my rent. Sorry I should have specified. The initial paperwork was brought to my work and given to my manager. I didn't receive a court date, rather it was brought up in conversation after.  This is what can happen when you miss court. Why did you miss court? Were you incapable of appearing? (like in a coma) You probably blew your chance to prove it when you declined to show up in court. You can check and see if the date of the judgment is still within the time to file an appeal, if MO allows that, but if it's already gone to garnishment, chances are you have ignored multiple notices and that time has expired. Why didn't you go to your court date?? So what he did was give you a $10,000 gift. And if you had shown up at court, he would have had to prove it was a loan, which he couldn't do. You would have won and gotten to keep the full $10,000 without repaying a penny. But since you missed court, a default judgment was ordered in his favor. So literally all you had to do for $10,000 was show up. And you didn't and now you owe him that money. Can I ask why you missed court?