 Pennsylvania. I was with my ex for two and a half years and I ended the relationship about a year ago, but we were trying to work it out for a while, so we were still seeing each other. We discussed that we weren't seeing anyone else and she swore that she wasn't, but in July she told me she had been infected with trichomoniasis. She told me that it had to be from me and that I needed to get checked. However, she wasn't aware that I'd been tested a month prior and didn't reset positive for any STDs. I was tested again after she informed me, and rested negative again. She has been playing the victim by telling people that I was abusive, which I can prove isn't true. She was also telling most people that she hadn't been sleeping with anyone else, but I can also prove that that is not true. It's starting to seem like she was intentionally trying to infect me after she found out, just so that she could tell people that that's why we broke up.  In fact, going around telling people she tried to infect you with an STD could be considered slander or libel.  She hasn't committed a crime. Also, you don't press charges, that's law enforcement job. You merely report what happened to them. IANAL, but I don’t see a whole lot of legal problems here, unless she’s trying to pin false accusations of abusiveness on you or something like that. Cut ties, move on, disassociate, etc.   You have no evidence of a deliberate attempt to infect you with an STD.  Looks like trich isn't on all standard std tests. Did you specifically asked for a trich test, or just an STD test? Cut her out of your life and move on. There's nothing that will be worth pursuing from a legal angle. Where do you get the idea that 1) She tried to infect you intentionally 2) She slandered you? Doesn't sounds like there's any reason to believe either of those things are true. It also doesn't sounds like you have any damages.  For what?  You don’t have a legal question here. Move on with your life.  What’s the legal question here? 