 Hello Legal Advice reddit - Hoping someone could provide some general advice on my related situation - Ill try to stay to the point. We are selling our house in Colorado which is located in unincorporated Arapaho County which borders two municipalities - Aurora and Centennial. Our real estate agent had listed our house as Centennial under the belief that it is legal to pick a municipality that you border. Fast forward a bit - we go under contract, go through the inspection, go through the title verification (on the 20th), and then the appraisal. The buyers get a lawyer (they skip contacting the Real estate agent and bypass the title deadline to object) and say that we are in default of contract because the title says Aurora and NOT Centennial (again we are in unincorporated Arapaho County). Here is the verbiage of the letter we were sent - I redacted names: I represent redacted and redacted with respect to the above referenced matter. This letter shall serve as formal Notice of Default on the part of Sellers pursuant to Section 21.2 of the Contract to Buy and Sell Real Estate and the Agreement between You, Sellers redacted and redacted (“Sellers”) and Buyers redacted and redacted for the sale of real property located at Address Redacted Buyers thus expressly notify Sellers that they are in default of of various sections of the contract, including but not limited to the following: Section 2.4 insofar as the location of the subject property was intentionally and/or negligently misrepresented, prior to formation, within, upon Amending/Extending and at other times, with an incorrect address and stating the wrong municipality, and thus affecting, inter alia, the value, marketability, insurability, appraisal, financing, taxation and title. Therefore Buyers hereby invoke their rights under Section 21.2 of the Contract to cancel the Contract and elect to treat the Contract as canceled, and to demand return of all Earnest Money and other damages, in the total amount of $6,860.00 (as is itemized below). Furthermore, this default also renders the said Contract unsatisfactory as to Sections 5.2, 5.4, 6.2, 8.4, 8.5, 9.3, 10.3, 10.5 and as otherwise specified herein, and, as such ,Buyers also provide this letter as a Notice to Terminate the Contract, in addition or in the alternative to the Notice of Default, under under Section 25, within the deadlines as respects Appraisal, New ILC or Survey and if applicable Loan Objection. Such termination also entitles Buyers to return of all Earnest Money. Please be advised that, in addition and in the alternative to the foregoing, Buyers do not waive any other rights, claims or remedies with respect to the Contract, including but not limited to rescission and unjust enrichment. To more specifically state the basis for Default, Termination, and other possible rights, claims or remedies, Buyers have recently learned that legal description, address and/or location of the property was legally and materially misrepresented by Homesmart Realty Group, the cooperating broker and/or agent, their respective employees or agents and the Sellers (together or individually), prior to, within and after making of the contract of sale, in related documents or disclosures, and in the course of amending/extending the contract of sale, to such an extent that the true nature and value of the property was likewise misrepresented, among other results. Such inducing and continuing misrepresentations unilaterally altered both the subject and the consideration of the contract in a material fashion, rendering the property, its description, its value, financing, title, insurability and/or other aspects of the said contract unsatisfactory, rendering Sellers in default and rendering the Contract subject to unilateral termination and/or rescission. Buyers have incurred damages as a direct consequence of the misrepresentation(s) by stated parties, which have been amplified because such misrepresentation could only be discovered by the Buyers by certain independent means and after a certain time. Such damages presently include the unwarranted costs of inspection(s) and legal advice. Should cancellation/termination not be mutually and immediately be effectuated, Buyers may incur additional damages relating to costs and time associated with obtaining accurate title assurances, accurate taxation information, accurate or updated appraisals, financing, additional legal advice, and updated inspections. At the present time and based upon cancellation on this date, Buyers therefore demand return of their earnest money deposit in the amount of $5,000.00 plus any incurred interest, reimbursement of inspections and appraisal fees in the amount of $1,360.00 and legal fees of $500.00 (totaling $6,860.00) My opinion is that: 1) They knew where they were buying. 2) They had a chance to object the title and didn't 3) It is unincorporated Arapaho county so its not misrepresented. My questions are this: Assuming we settle this matter, what recourse can they take if they don't find a house and incur additional cost in doing so? I noticed that there isn't a release of liability in all of this. I also know that the interest rate went up after they locked in. Do I have any legal recourse against them if they dig in? I would have to decline a job offer out of state to settle this matter plus other expenses and damages. Am I screwed and am totally wrong in this matter and its better to get a lawyer and give them what they want? Lastly - Am I or my real estate agent ultimately responsible since I listed off of their advice? Thanks  No problem.  Sounds good. That actually helps... Thanks for the advice You need a lawyer to address this. Your argument that they knew or should have known that the property was officially in Aurora does hold some water, and any alleged material misrepresentation could be directly tied to your realtor, which means the realtor could be liable here. A bigger issue is what the contract affords regarding damages in the event of a default. Under the general Colorado real estate form, damages are usually limited to a return of the earnest money, and nothing further. They are asking for damages beyond that, and I wouldn’t pay until you speak with an attorney. 