 My parents divorced in California in 1984 after 15 years of marriage. As it was Cali in the 80's, my stay-at-home mother kept the house, everything in it, and got some good alimony. She remarried within a few years. Nobody knows if she had a will when she passed last year in Las Vegas, Nevada as we were told she didn't by the husband. My sister called to see about getting some of mom's antique furniture and her husband indicated that since he was the survivor in the marriage, he was keeping everything. We heard nothing more from him and didn't pursue it. He died about 3 months ago and his daughter is apparently listed as executor of the estate. We have not seen a will, nor anything from the estate at all. The daughter told us her father had gambled all his savings away in his last months, was in debt due to health problems, and nothing was left except a barren and dismantled house. Through sheer dumb luck, mom's old friend went to a series of estate sales and called us from it saying she was standing in mom's house and was very upset by it. Items from my grandmother were being sold off in typical fashion, and there was no apparent damage to the place. My sister wired her money to purchase things that mattered to her. The estate sale ended yesterday. We were not advised of the sale beforehand. The house should be worth about $400k. The estate sale should have yielded a bit, and we have no info on the state of debts or assets in the bank. We're entirely in the dark. So the legal questions are: Are the children of the partner who died first entitled to anything there or was the husban d correct that as survivor he gets everything? This is all a bit raw right now so we're also knee-jerking into wanting to hit his daughter with anything legal we can after this shifty move. Useful or a waste? None of us live in NV. I assume a probate lawyer is the right speciality? As a second level question, if we have recourse in this, what can or should we demand proof of along the lines of debts and assets and stopping the daughter from disposing of anything else? TIA.  If your mother did leave everything to her husband, then everything became her husband's property. If she had NO will, then under Nevada law all of her children MAY have been entitled to shares. This appears to apply only to property that is owned entirely in her name, mostly property owned before marriage. Marital property would pass on to the surviving spouse. That was the time to attempt to file legal challenges and questions, unfortunately. It's tricky now because anything that is seen as HIS property would be his to distribute to his children as he wished. If the house was hers from the divorce with your father, then it's possible you're entitled to a small share of it.  When your mother died, everything would have gone to her spouse - unless she had a will stating otherwise, or you could have contested the settling of her estate at the time. 