 Happy Holidays everyone. I have a quick question. I'm in the Coast Guard and recently got stationed in Detroit from Hawaii. By time my vehicle was delivered the plates had expired. While I probably had time to get it registered in Michigan I didn't because I was getting sent to Jacksonville, FL for temporary duty for three months and decided I would do it when I got back. It was not illegally parked or anything. I was given a week off to go home for Christmas, but when I got back I found out that the car was towed on the 13th. I talked to my apartment manager and she said they never asked for it to be towed but they have an agreement with a towing company to take cars out of the lot. When I called them they said it would be 840 dollars to get it back and the reason it was towed was because the plates. Am I right in assuming I am protected from this? I called the USCG Legal department but I would like to know what I'm in for. Also they said that the price was so high because they had to use a low clearance tow truck to get it out but my parking space is out in the open. I'm guessing they towed a lot of cars that day and they just added that extra charge to them all regardless of whether they were in the garage of not. IANAL, but this could very well be a violation of the Service Members Civil Relief Act, which requires towing companies to obtain a court order before towing service member's cars while they are on active military orders.  Then I'd use the AG page I linked in the other comment and complain about the excessive tow fee if they won't knock off the extra charge, and just stick to that angle. Good luck! So, first off, Detroit has had an ongoing [towing scandal]() with several firms being linked to bribery and corruption. Go through the USCG, but you might also look here at the [Michigan AG's Towing Complaint page](,4534,7-359-81903_20942-335852--,00.html), which includes a phone # to call, and a form to contest unreasonable tow fees.  It might not be, depending on the policies of the apartment complex. Even if the apartment complex had a contract with the tow company to remove it, if the complex didn't have a policy about it, then OP \might\ have a claim against the complex (since the tow company acted in their name). There's no law that I'm aware of that gives service members any special rights when it comes to not having their car towed for having out of date tags.  Unfortunately it was a legal tow from the tow company's perspective. You had an unregistered car and it is your responsibility to have it registered. Im sorry.