 this is a quick one sorry if this post is a little jumbled around im already crying over the thought that my employers wants to deduct money they accidentally paid us because i have bills to pay and im just a 20 year old kid that doesnt really understand any of this shit lol im not the only one this has happened to at my job allegedly they tipped us out double twice on our payroll and our paychecks looked really good and we thought it was because we have been working a lot more lately come to our last paycheck its pretty much cut in half and everyone is confused as to why its so low compared to the other paychecks us thinking our job is underpaying us, we complain, and we get the response “oh we doubled your tips on your last two paychecks on accident. sorry for our mistake. were going to deduct it back. should we deduct if from your next paycheck or two or your tips?” and i am LIVID because i even got a group chat text from my manager explaining if you get it deducted from ur paycheck some of us might not even make enough to get a paycheck in the next 2 or even 4 weeks because of the deductions. its not my fault they made the mistake. i understand they want their money back. but i cant have those deductions be made when i have bills to pay too. i owe so much money already because of the last paycheck i couldnt even fully pay off my bills, and now im being told i might not even have a paycheck. is there anything i can do? im wondering if i can settle for a payment plan for the deductions or something because i just cant afford this. TLDR: in CA is my employer legally allowed to deduct money from me if they overpaid me? is there something i can do about this? i was under the impression that i was being paid the right amount because i didnt have a manager at my restaurant for a month or two. i was forced the manager position from my shift lead position, so i was working 80 hours every two weeks. i was expected to stay longer. my restaurant is heavily understaffed. i was under the impression this was my money and was told that the influx was normal by HR six and four weeks ago. now im being told as of three days ago. so yeah not my lesson to be learned when i alreadt know not to spend money i dont have.  It’s not your fault. You did not make the mistake. It is your fault if you spent the money knowing that it didn’t belong to you. Let this be a lesson learned. Don’t spend any money unless you’re absolutely sure it belongs to you. Surely, you had some inkling that you were being overpaid. You were getting way more than you had been. Wasn’t it worth a question? Hey boss, I have $400 more in my paycheck this time around. Is that correct? The same is true for financial aid if you are going to be a student some day. Never spend your financial aid if it seems to be more than you expected it to be without first consulting a financial aid counselor. I work for a University and I’ve seen both things happen. Eventually, these mistakes are always caught and people are always expected to pay it back. It’s much easier to take care of it when it’s happening. Everyone has read what you said and very clearly told you that it does not matter that you thought it was your correct paycheck-if your employer had underpaid you, you'd expect the money back, yes? did you not read what i said? i said i was under the impression and was told that it was my money for the last two paychecks previous to my last. i know now it isnt my money because i was told three days ago VS almost 6 weeks ago of receiving the two erroneous paychecks. it just seems unfair to me that they want to take my next two paychecks because of their mistake. if anything they wouldnt have noticed the mistake if we hadnt noticed our last paychecks were lower than those two they made mistakes on. morally yes i want to give them the money back. im not a thief. however i already used that money on my bills and now im being told they want it back over a month later. i dont want it to be deducted in the way they want it either because i wont be able to live.  You owe them the money because it wasn't yours. It was a mistake on their end. That doesn't mean you get to keep money that isn't yours. Take this as a lesson to check all paystubs and don't spend money that isn't yours.   If by "this" you mean their proposal to dock all of your pay, yes. If they try to do that, make a [wage complaint](). Otherwise, no, short of declaring bankruptcy.  thank you so much can you explain to me why im entitled to pay them? i understand its a mistake on their end and its not my money. however i was under the impression that it WAS my money. is there any way i can avoid this? i was just told i owe $1227 back to them, on the paychecks that were doubled and thought i was doing good i was making about $1000 every two weeks, but when they fixed it i guess i make $600 every two weeks. i cant go two weeks without a paycheck which is what theyre telling me they want to do or take from my tips. i live off my tips, and were a shitty mom and pop restaurant that barely makes any tips to begin with. i make $100-300 maybe $400 MAX if im lucky in two weeks of tips. all my money goes to my bills for the most part. i really dont know how ill survive. thank you for your help.  In CA, The employee's permission is required to take back the overpayment. Employers are not permitted to self help. While this is all true, I don’t think reversing an overpayment is going to be considered a deduction. Nothing in the link you provided seems to indicate that it would be. The proper way to handle it would probably be to reverse some of the last payment and still pay the full paycheck this time, but at the end of the day you’re still coming out the same (and maybe marginally better the way the employer is doing it) Good news / bad news here. The good news is that what your employer is doing is unambiguously illegal. California law is clear that the only deductions that can be taken from your pay are those you authorize in writing or those required by law such as for taxes. The bad news is that you really do owe that money back to your employer. You were overpaid in error and the money doesn't become yours because of that mistake. So my suggestion is that you approach your employer armed with [this link]() and ask that they agree to accept repayment over (say) the next 2-4 months as you need to be able to pay your bills in the meantime. I'll point out that even if you do authorize them to withhold money to repay them for this overpayment, they cannot deduct your entire paycheck. They have to at least pay you minimum wage after whatever deduction is taken. 