 I’m a female in the Army and I’m curious if I can do anything about my “hostile work environment”? I work in a male dominated section, I am the only female. I am currently going through a med board and the everything has changed. Daily I receive comments that I am a waste of space, that it must be nice to sit on my butt all day while they do actual work, and similar comments. Every single day. It is wearing me down and it is taking a significant toll on my mental health. I don’t want to be going through an MRB, nor do I want to be in physical pain everyday due to a surgery gone wrong. Yet, my coworkers feel as though I’m slacking. I’d prefer to be working but I physically cannot do the job anymore and therefore the Army is med boarding me. I’m going to mental health but my therapist is about as useful as can be expected. She suggests I try being happy. And be grateful I’m still getting a paycheck. That’s not really enough to help me stay positive. I hate going to work everyday knowing that I’ll be harassed for working on a computer and not out in the field. I do any and all administrative tasks they ask of me and I’m happy to help. I’m wondering what other options I have, if any, besides just waiting it out. I just want them to stop bullying me. I just want them to stop making comments that that affect my mental health. I’ve already lost my physical health, I’m trying to keep what’s left of my mental health. Do I have any options military wise or legal? Note: I know the military is tough and hostility is a part of it, but I feel as though this is a little excessive. Thank you Understand that this is the military, and calling somebody a shitbag is hardly an actionable offense. Your first course of action should be through your first line supervisor, your company/battery/troop/detachment First Sergeant, and your commander. Most, if not all commanders I served under had an open door policy. Once you go through your NCO support channel, go to the company CDR. If dismissed, you can go to the battalion CDR, and BDE CDR if needed. The last resort would be filing an IG complaint. Hostile Work Environment is a legal term of art and contrary to popular belief, it does not mean that the workplace was hostile in the colloquial sense. Rather, it refers to a pattern of discrimination or harassment as a result of an employee's membership in a protected class. Please see [this link from the EEOC](http://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/harassment.cfm) to better understand the advice you may receive. The majority of situations that many consider a hostile work environment do not meet that definition legally. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.