 I am going to be filing with small claims here fairly in the next couple days against a previous landlord. They are saying they are going to send the bill in question to claims at the end of the year. I know I'm filing pretty late, but its been a lot of back and forth between them and I, and I had hoped to solve this issue. My question is if I make my claim now for the adjustment to the bill and they then send the bill to collections can I do anything about my credit? Can I add damages for the hit to my credit later? Should I wait to file until after its sent? I'm afraid if I wait I lose the argument of me doing everything I can to avoid excessive damage. It'll be in Idaho if that makes a difference... I vacated in July and there was no security deposit. Upon first moving in you pay first and last and this is advertised as going to damages but I couldn't see anything in the lease that verified that or that the amount was ever used in that way. And yes, small claims court. My claim boils down to I think they are over charging for move out repairs. They claimed entire rooms needed repainting and nearly $300 in labor was needed to clean a room. I'm not going to argue that I left the room in this amazing pristine condition but the room was cleaned thoroughly and there was maybe a couple pin holes in paint damage. If the amount is adjusted in court is there anything I can do about the bill being sent to collections? Or can I contact collections explaining the amount is being contested in court? Thank you for your help When did you vacate the property? Idaho requires return of security deposit within 21 days, or 30 days if the both parties agree. If they aren't going to return any security deposit, they need to send a receipt for the items withheld instead. They can pursue you for additional costs that you incurred beyond the value of the deposit. What is 'claims' here? Small claims court? Judgement and collections accounts report to your credit. Knowingly reporting false information to a credit account is illegal, but reporting an outstanding account or a collections account is not. You wouldn't have damages to pursue if all they did was report that you (correctly) owed them money. If they do knowingly report false information, you may be able to ad that to a suit.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.