 I've had the question of malpractice for a long time but didn't want to share. Now I'm experiencing other related issues that I need help with so I thought I'd roll it into one post. While I was in the armed forces (19/20 years old) I had a suicide attempt and several inpatient psychiatric events that led to a Bipolar diagnosis. Over the course of 5 months they treated me and discharged me. Before this I had never had a psychiatric event other than minor depression. I was medically retired with a 100% Permanent DoD disability rating for Bipolar disorder. The VA then rated me at 50% disabled, and it has been that way since I discharged in 2014. Now the VA wants to do a psychiatric re-evaluation to see if they can reduce my disability. This will only be one exam where they try to determine if my disability has lessened over the past 4 years. My disability compensation is my livelihood and has allowed me to go back to college (online and at night to avoid triggers). I can't leave the house much or hold a job, and my partner takes care of me. The last time I went to the VA I swore I wouldn't go back for treatment because the first time I met my case manager told me she didn't think I was bipolar, just "depressed for a little bit". That was 4 years ago when I was being rated, and I let what she told me influence what I told my raters (that I didn't know if I was bipolar or just extremely depressed - which likely led to my low VA rating). I'm afraid that they're going to say I have improved since I've not seen them for care, and then they could use that to take away my disability. Since my negative experience with the VA I just stay home under supervision to prevent the negative effects of my disorder from heavily affecting my life (low risk of suicide/dangerous manic episodes when supervised). I haven't sought formal treatment since my rating but I did just sign up for Tricare so I could start again at a civilian doctor. Could the number of medications they put me on possibly classify as malpractice? I've heard of many soldiers who were over-prescribed medications in the military, sometimes resulting in suicide or addiction. If they try to take away my disability, is there a way I can fight their decision? Who can I go to for help with so little income? Here's a list of medications they prescribed over a 4 month period. Note that they were doing things like treating psychosis and insomnia while also starting me on large doses of Adderall, and changing medications sometimes weekly. This might be normal, but I don't know? It has always seemed excessive to me and others who I've shared with. By the time I came home I was pretty much just a zombie according to my family. The way I see it now, I'd rather live with all the effects of bipolar disorder, then live with no emotion/feeling as a result of all the medication they'd put me on at the VA. Risperdal (which led to Benztropine and Propanolol for side effects) - Antipsychotic Zyprexa - Antipsychotic Geodon - Antipsychotic Haldol - Antipsychotic Trazodone - Sleep Lunesta - Sleep Ambien - Sleep Vistaril - Anxiety Ativan - Anxiety Klonopin - Anxiety Wellbutrin - Depression Prozac - Depression Zoloft - Depression Adderall [removed] Just on top of the bot’s message, the VA will definitely complicate this beyond a simple malpractice case. You might be better off contacting a medmal attorney who has experience in va/disability claims specifically.  That’s the most helpful bot I’ve ever gotten.  Malpractice of any kind is very fact specific and it is unfortunately beyond the scope of this subreddit. If this is a medical question, it is highly recommended to speak with a medical malpractice attorney; your state's bar may be able to refer you to one. They typically work on contingency, meaning there is little up front cost to you. Similarly, consultations are typically free. It wouldn't hurt to meet with one, have them look over your info, and go from there. If this is a question about legal malpractice, you should seek the advice of a second unrelated attorney and/or report the matter to your state bar association" I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.