 I’m in my second year renting an apartment near my college. The property was recently purchased by a new landlord, about 2 months after my lease renewed with old landlord. So new landlord promised to uphold the lease signed with old landlord. New landlord cut down a tree that was right in front of my window. This tree blocked a bright streetlight from shining in my window. Nothing in lease about trees unsurprisingly. I get that I’m pretty much SOL, but I wanted to check here and see if there is anything I can try to do about this besides write a strongly worded letter. Ohio  . ! In the US, the landlord can enter onto the land anytime but it is usually customary to provide 24 hour notice before entering the property itself. The tree being close to the house could have been a threat to falling on the house, the roots could have been threatening the foundation or the pipes. The new landlord's insurance may have made the suggestion the tree be removed to lower the insurance rates. Typically in the U.S. they can't enter the dwelling without notification, but the surrounding property is subject to the lease. Also, being that OP is renting an apartment instead of a lot with a house on it, it likely doesn't matter because the land surrounding the building is typically a common space.  Fair enough. Thanks, that’s what I figured. In a more serious matter, how big and close was the tree to your house? If it was a big tree, and was quite close, cutting it down can cause serious issues to your house, where more water can build up and cause your foundations to crack. Let’s hope he didn’t overlook this potential disaster, or your house will have hell to pay in a few years time! Sorry one other thing, I’m not 100% sure about the US, but in the UK, a Landlord is technically trespassing if he enters a tenants property without notice. So if you were in contract when he came onto the land, and he didn’t ask if he could come onto the land, it could be trespass  You should spend your time shopping for curtains not writing strongly worded letters. Especially since the landlord did absolutely nothing wrong.  Unless your lease says something about the trees you are SOL. You're renting the apartment not the trees. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.