 I am black expat that lives in Egypt and experienced discrimination recently. I tried to complain to the manager but was unable to get a hold of him, feeling frustrated I wrote a Facebook post about it and made it public so everyone would hear about my experience. Within 24 Hrs, it got 200+ shares and the story sort of blew up, not internationally viral but still gained some traction. Then the place and their CEO contacted me, apologized and fired the workers and etc. So naturally, I made an update post to let everyone know what happened. Tonight, my sister called to say someone screenshotted my FB posts and wrote an article about it for some website. The screenshots had my FULL name and my FB profile picture on it and I honestly felt like someone violated my privacy because the author didn't ask for my permission. I don't want to take the story down, I want people to hear about my story so that they can be socially and racially aware and the author didn't write my story in a bad way, in fact, I believe this article can do good but I'm also not comfortable with the idea they used my name and my face without my permission. What should I do? What should I say? Does anyone know any legalities surrounding publication in Egypt? I don't want to take it legal but I also dont want to initiate conversation completely blind, i wanna have some background as to what my rights are and what's allowed and now allowed in the world of publication. Any help is appreciated. you posted on a public forum bud, no privacy violations. it's called public domain. No. You retain the copyright to your posts, but you give Facebook a license to use it almost as they see fit. Since someone took a screenshot from Facebook and posted it on their own website, that was an unlicensed copy. However, since it was a news article, it was Fair Use. Facebook owns the copyright. This is exactly why people make new accounts even on Reddit to post anything that might back fire on them. Oh right, fair use... In the US, there would be no copyright issue. Copyright? However you may feel about it, nobody violated your privacy. You chose to make it public. At this point, if you don't want it to happen again (already happened once), then take the post down, or make it private. Yup lesson painfully learned lol Oh well fuck me then if you willingly made it public, yes.  You’re unlikely to get a good response on Egyptian law here, but if it’s anything like US law, you have no recourse. If you want something to remain private, it’s generally not best to post it on Facebook.  Can they use my name and my profile pic too? You made it public. It's public. News sources can use public materials. 