 Long story short, I don’t live in the greatest part of town and when I moved in I considered the gated parking garage to be a huge bonus. For the last three months it’s been permanently open due to (maintenance issues). The most alarming part of this is that each garage space leads to the door to my patio, so now you feel as if the patio side isn’t as secure anymore. Since this I haven’t felt safe to keep the door open w/ screen as it’s technically freely accessible by anyone off the Main Street. Is the landlord liable for anything regarding this matter? for example: - is she liable to make sure this work is completed? - is it considered a breach of any sort of landlord/tenant laws? I feel frustrated since myself and the other 20 or so tenants contribute a lot to the rent. I feel like for what i have been paying they should have the money to hire a technician to come out. On top of it i feel like if the landlord cant even fix the gate then who are they to demand anything from me? Thanks for your time,  In California, state law provides certain minimums that a landlord has to provide in rental unit. This is called an implied warranty of habitability. [Here is a basic list]() of what landlords need to provide in California (heating, running water, etc). Repair and deduct is a remedy for tenants in that for instance, the heat is not working, you can repair it yourself and deduct the cost from your rent. The portion you pasted here shows what you need to do before you can repair and deduct. Additionally, a lease can explicitly state the landlord will provide amenities (gym, laundry room, a gate, etc). If the lease has that clause and it states they will always be operational and the landlord doesn't fix it, then repair and deduct could be applicable. However, your lease is silent on amenities like a working gate, and the issue doesn't apply to your direct rental unit. Therefore, repair and deduct for the complex gate is not applicable for your specific situation. Thank you for your time and insight on this. There is also this paragraph: “PARAGRAPH 16 - REPAIR AND DEDUCT: TENANT(S) shall not exercise their right to “repair and deduct", if such right is granted by state law, without first giving written notice to LANDLORD fully describing the disrepair in question and allowing LANDLORD thirty (30) days to commence correction of the situation if the claim is valid. The written notice required in this paragraph shall be served on LANDLORD either personally or via certified mail, return receipt requested. The thirty (30) days shall commence to run on the date said notice is signed for by LANDLORD if by mail, or on the date of personal service. Failure of TENANT(S) to give LANDLORD the written notice as required by this paragraph and to wait the specified thirty (30) days shall relieve LANDLORD from any liability or obligation to reimburse TENANT(S) for any expenditures they may incur regarding such alleged needed repair and will invalidate any previously held right of TENANT(S) to "repair and deduct" with regard to that specific alleged item of disrepair. Dangerous or unhealthful conditions are subject to only a reasonable waiting period after notice of such a condition is served, as described above, before the TENANT(S)' right to repair and deduct may be exercised. However, intervention of holidays and weekends must be considered as extensions to what is deemed to be a reasonable time. In no event shall less than two (2) full work days be deemed to be a reasonable waiting period. TENANT(S) right to repair and deduct shall not alter or modify the provisions of Paragraph 14 of this Agreement, but shall be determined in accordance and subordinate therewith.” The generalization of this copy makes it even more confusing to read. Does this have any correlation to my issue?  Generally, unless a lease explicitly provides a guaranteed working gate, you don't have much legal recourse. You can continue to pester your landlord. “PARAGRAPH 20 -AUTOMOBILES AND PARKING: No automobile, or any other motor driven vehicle or cycle, hereinafter referred to as "VEHICLE", may be brought onto the premises, by any means or in any manner, by TENANT(S) and/or their guests or licensees, unless such VEHICLE is then insured for public liability and property damage; is operable, free of any leaking fluids, and in compliance with governmental noise limitations; and may not be parked or left standing except in parking areas specifically assigned to TENANT(S).”  So far in the “automobiles parking” section I’ve found nothing but I and reading through more to see if I can find anything else. It seems like a “template” lease with a lot of jargon like “Because this Agreement is general in nature and is used in many different states and subdivisions...” I’m reading through the whole thing and will let you know when I find anything regarding the gate  What does your lease say about the gate? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.