 I work for a very large, nationwide privately held company in the state of Arizona. Our company experienced a sexual harassment issue localized to individual harassing another. That individual is now gone. However, my supervisor has taken it upon himself to micromanage everyone giving hugs or almost any form of physical contract. I (female) a Male friend who works for our company. I see him both inside and outside of work. I gave him a side hug in front of my supervisor one day, that's what I do, and got talked to by my supervisor. He inferred that I would be written up if he saw me do that again. Now I don't see any where in our procedures that hugging isn't allowed. But I work in Arizona, which is a right to work state, and I can be fired for wearing the wrong colored shirt or for anything, really. This is a pretty dumb issue to be miffed about, but it's rubbing other employees the wrong way. Can he really, really micromanage something as simple as a hug?  Right-to-work means that you can't be forced to join a union. You mean you work in an "at-will" state, which means they can fire you for lots of reasons (but none involving being a protected class). All US states except for Montana are at-will. And can fire you over it too.  Is it dumb? Yes. Can he do it? Yes. Just save your hugs for after work hours where your boss can't see them.  Hugs create risk of legal liability. He's right to say you can't. Yes you can written up for anything. Company discipline and internal procedures are not governed by law.  I get that you want to give hugs. That's very kind and it comes from a good place. However, hugging is not considered professional behavior in the wider world. It's nice, but it's not professional. There are many people who legitimately feel uncomfortable with hugging in the workplace, and it definitely can quickly become a legal issue. Your boss is saying that since hugging is both unprofessional and a liability, it's no longer allowed at work. That's very fair. You're free to hug people on your own time, but while on the clock, it's very fair to ask you to adhere to professional behavior codes and legal to discipline/fire you if you do not comply.  Everything else aside - because really, having an employer who is trying to minimize the potential of sexual harassment is a good thing - this is a silly statement. You hugged your co-worker right in front of your boss. It's not like he or she stalked you with a notepad and waited for some hugging infraction to write up.  You need to be professional in the workplace. That does not include hugs. Married staff in our office won't hug or kiss on premises.  I agree, to you and I it seems stupid and petty. But unfortunately we live in a litigous society that sees dollar signs, and your manager is directly responsible for your behavior. If higher ups came down on him after last incident and said "you're next if anything like this happens again" I would prevent people from even looking at each other. Your hugs are not worth his job.  Some people would love to work there! Guaranteeing no physical contact at work is amazing Tbh, work at the end of the day is work. Of course companies want to encourage good employee relationships (because that generally improves employee productivity/attitude), but really, hugging has no use in the workplace. Do it outside the workplace, especially if you and your coworkers are friends.  Well there's a decent amount of women who work for the company, who all give hugs. They want to give hugs without being written up. Like I said, it's a dumb thing to be mad about. But, kind of like you said, we feel there are hundreds of other things our supervisor could be working on besides watching who gives hugs.  Your boss is trying to prevent sexual harassment at your workplace and the employees are mad? Sure it's minor but if the staff is upset about being unable to give or receive hugs...I would consider this a good place to work for. There are literally a million other things that make a n employer bad, preventing hugs should not be on that list. They can terminate people for hugging. You can also leave at anytime to accept employment at a hug friendly employer.  Yes, of course. 