 Greetings. Over the weekend I received a five day notice to remedy default or vacate premises. The property manager states that my girlfriend (who moved in after I signed the rental contract) must vacate the premises in 5 days. I've offered to add her to the lease agreement immediately and was denied. Additionally, my pet privilege has been revoked as a result of some dog poop I failed to clean up in our backyard. The dog and cat are also to vacate the premises in 5 days. Should I chose not to remove my family from our home, I'll be served with an eviction notice. Over the course of my 18 month tenancy at this apartment, we've received a total of zero complaints (police, neighbor or otherwise), and I'm wondering how strong the property manager's position is should I choose to pursue legal remedy. I've got voicemail messages out to a few attorneys in the area, but thought I'd also inquire here for good measure. Short of complying with this notice, is there anything I can do to protect myself from eviction? (The backstory on all of this is that I've been pushing to get a number of long outstanding maintenance items addressed around the apartment for the last year, and I believe the property manager has grown tired of my insistent requests.) Thank you in advance.  Get your girlfriend out, and find a place for your pets. Your landlord is 100% legally in the right here. And trust me, you do NOT want an eviction on your record. It'll make it much harder to find another place to live in the future (as evictions show up on background checks), leave you without a place to live real quick, and cost you time and money in the legal process. Unless you have the ability to (and the willingness to) fix those issues, I'd say you're not long for that property. Are you on a month-to-month lease now, or did you sign a new termed lease? If you're on a month to month lease now, it may be in your best interest to find a new home quickly and resettling the rest of your family, and give your landlord notice that you're moving. You really don't want an eviction on your record, it will make it harder for you to get a place in the future. Check your lease, it will tell you how many days notice you must give the landlord before you move out. [removed] Based on what you've described here, and assuming you are in the US, I'd say the property manager is going to win this one if you push back. Choose wisely.  As far as your girlfriend goes, she is not on the lease and your Landlord is not required to change the lease. It was a legal agreement that both of you signed. So I would say your odds are not good on that front. As far as the pet thing goes, it is anyone’s guess without all of the information.  First, where are you? Second, what does your lease say? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.