 Hi r/legaladvice, I have a plan to lace some brownies with laxatives to catch someone who has been stealing food. TL:DR at the end. So I live in Denmark at a boarding school, and recently there has been a series of raids on the common fridge, people have been stealing ice-cream, cake, and just straight up left-overs. I was passive to this thinking "It's not me so why care?", until... it happened to me. So my girlfriend and I came up with a plan, but since both of us aren't too familiar with Danish law, we came here in search of help. In short we want to lace a batch of delicious brownies with laxatives in order to give anyone eating them a bad time, is this legal? TL:DR We want to lace brownies with laxatives to catch a food thief stealing from the common fridge. Sincerely, Sjanoki I thought it was a really good idea :( This is a worse idea. Exploding dye pack? Not sure how you would make it work but it's doable  Beets can also turn urine pink, which is very alarming if you don't know what happened. You could be charged with assault or something similar. Nice idea, I'll keep that in mind Tell the school and have them set up a camera. It wouldn't need to be a full-on security system, a trail camera costs like $60 and would snap a timestamped picture of everyone going into the fridge. Even better, put it in the fridge and you'd even see what they were grabbing. Short answer: Don't. I don't know about danish law, but usually you can lace food with things you would actually eat (like making it eye-wateringly spicy), but you can't lace it with something you would not want to eat, like intentionally rotted food or poison (such as laxatives). Make something heavy in beets, it can turn their poop red, pink or purple. Might make them freak out enough to go see the nurse and hopefully stop stealing other people's foods -- and you can safely eat it knowing that if your poop turns funny colors, it's because of the beets. By the way, would there be a legal way to catch the thief? thanks, but i was thinking of adding the laxatives after the bake That wouldn't work anyway. When you bake laxatives, at least the common off-the-shelf ones, they lose nearly all effectiveness. You could bake the equivalent of a dozen doses into a batch of brownies and you wouldn't notice any effect. Source: lost a bet Thanks  You can label it whatever you like. It will still not end well for you. Even if we labeled it as ours?  The act of baiting food to catch a thief will almost certainly be looked at as assault.