 I moved in to this house in which the landlord was also owner of house and roommate.. We met twice in person and said rent was 800/month with no mentione of utilities.. I paid him first month rent. Five days later, still with no lease, he starts talking about utilities. I should have asked about them so I let it go. Next day I get an extremely vauge 1/5th page paper lease saying rent is 800 a month. Next line says tenent is responsible for any other costs needed in the house.. First he says utilities for November are 110, I asked to see bills and he shows me charged on his bank account totalling 140. Then in mid November he says to give him $100 for utilities which I did.. Heat stopped working on November 30th... Now on December 8th he tells me he substantially under charged and utilities were $205 for November. The heat still does not work.. I suppose the main question is do I have to pay him the difference in under charged utilities even though the heat stopped working on November 30th? Or can I withhold the difference, along with any December utilities due to heat being broke? Thanks In Colorado, you can break your lease if you have no heat. You can move our without owning additional rent if it's been broken this long unless the landlord is providing adequate heat otherwise (space heaters, etc.) Your lease says the rent is $800 with no mention of utilities. This generally means you must pay them, but you do have a right to see what they actually are, as well. But frankly, it sounds like this is a horrible situation that will only get worse, and you are better off finding a less difficult landlord.  Probably. Please read this [PDF](%2010-Landord%20and%20Tenant%20Rights.pdf) from the state of CO (CTRL + Find "withhold"). Your LL has a duty to maintain a habitable premises, that includes "heating fixtures in good working order." However, you may only withhold rent if the following three condtions are met : . A tenant may withhold rent from a landlord if, and only if, three conditions are met:  Location has been put in the post. Colorado You are basically asking us to interpret a contract without reading it, under laws of an \[at the time I made my response\] undisclosed location. If you feel that the contract does not require you to pay him, you do not have an obligation to pay him. But, he can probably terminate your tenancy, and sue you, and then a judge will decide. If the judge orders you to pay, THEN you are obligated to pay him. We cannot answer your questions w/o your location. I also want to make sure I get my security deposit as well. I'm just wondering if I can withhold the unercharged utilities due to heat not working. You don't state your location, but if you're a month to month tenant your tenancy can be terminated with appropriate notice. So, no, you don't have to make these payments he's requesting, but he possibly doesn't have to continue to let you live there. I simply stated the main question was do I have to pay him the under charged difference even when the heat is currently broke.  I know that this may seem like a very unhelpful response. But, by asking us "Do I have to pay him...", or "Do I owe him...", you are asking us to assume the role of judge without listening to his side of the story, or reading your contract. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.