 I was prescribed an emotional support animal (a cat) by my therapist this past fall. My apartment has a strict no pet rule, so I made sure to obtain all the necessary documentation (therapist's letter, vaccination records, and email requesting the reasonable accommodation). My landlord accepted the accommodation and gave an addendum to the lease I had to sign with some additional rules (though no extra charge this year). However, he is saying that if we want to renew the lease next year, he will be charging over $100/month for a service animal. Is this illegal? How do I go about handling this situation? I am located in Tennessee. Thanks! There is always a proof issue in a case like that but no a landlord is not perfectly within their rights to reject a renewal or applicant because of an ESA. If your landlord declines to renew your lease solely because you have an ESA then you have the option of making a HUD complaint because that would not be legal. He'd be perfectly within his rights as long as he gave you the proper written notice per the terms in your lease. Good point. Is he within his rights to do this or would that fall under discrimination? Our conversation is taking place over text so it is documented.  Bear in mind though that when your lease is up next year, if your landlord can't charge the extra $100/month for your ESA then he may just terminate your lease instead of renewing it. The you should fall.under the FHA and no they should not be able to charge you a pet fee. Apartment, well over 20 units, does not live in the same building I stand corrected then. [Here is the HUD policy regarding ESAs]() See p.4  I'm not finding a citation for you just because you are unfamiliar with the law.  [See Q3]() The ADA also does not genreally apply to housing at all.  I didn’t say the Fair Housing Act didn’t apply. Where in the fair housing act does it state that a landlord can’t charge for an emotional support animal? Why don't you think the Fair Housing Act applies, especially its protection of emotional support animals?  You are forgetting about federal laws which also apply to Tennessee.  Please direct me to the section of the ADA that specifically states this so I can educate myself.  " Tennessee law prohibits discrimination in leased or purchased housing accommodations against those with physical disabilities. You must be allowed full and equal access to all housing facilities. Tennessee's law on service animals in housing, however, applies only to guide dogs that assist handlers who are fully or partially blind. Your landlord may not charge you extra for having a guide dog (although you may have to pay for any damage your animal causes). If your lease or rental agreement includes a “no pets” provision, it does not apply to your service animal. " So yes your landlord has every right to charge since you aren't considered partially or fully blind. Even though your dog is a legal support animal, he can charge because it isn't required for you to see. What kind of rental is this? An apartment? A single family home? How many units/homes does the landlord own? Does your landlord live in the same building? No they can't. You can print and highlight a copy of the Fair Housing Act. Somewhere in there it talks about not allowing pet fees to be applied to ESAs and Service dogs [removed] Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.