 Yesterday while riding my bike on a country back road with no shoulder or bike lane, I was clipped by a car going 40-50 mph. Some bumps and bruises but I'm ok. The impact was enough to take the passenger side mirror off the car completely. I filed a report with Highway Patrol. Am I entitled to compensation for potential chiropractor visits, pain and suffering(?), and bike tune up after the accident?  Thanks for clarifying! I feel like an ass. This is a completely different way of seeing the world than I am used to, especially since I have experience with "real doctors" having nothing to offer but antiinflammatories pain medication. Sounds like I have nothing to gain by pursuing this any further. I appreciate your taking the time to explain this to me. “What to do with their body”. Just stop, it was legal advice regarding recouping losses and calling the commenter condescending is rude regardless.  If you call telling someone what to do with their body legal advice, then my mistake. My impression is that they are two different things; one is welcome and one is not. You asked for advice and the commenter gave it. Calling them condescending is rude.  I'm not being condescending. I'm being honest. We're here to tell you the truth, not hold your hand. Thanks for the legal advice and condescending opinion :/  Best thing to do is to contact him and ask for insurance information. Let him know that you have some medical expenses (and bike repair, if that's the case). The bottom line is that he injured you and yes you are entitled to the cost of your damages. A civil suit is something you'd only need to pursue if his insurance denies the claim. Thanks for your reply. The driver stopped, but I wasn’t keen on speaking to him all that much at the time. I took a picture of his plate as he turned around, which went into the report. He wished me a merry Christmas and was off. You can make a claim through the driver's insurance. Your damages don't sound high enough to interest a personal injury attorney. Without missing school or work, and with no evidence of serious injury, you're not looking at much for "pain and suffering." For your own sake, go to a real doctor, not a chiropractor. Depends pretty much entirely on circumstances of the contact. Did you and the driver stop and exchange information? 