 Throwaway here. I'm a single parent to my 8 year old son. A couple days ago, I had a bit of incident that I need advice on. My son had recently gotten in trouble at school. This was a repeat offense of something he had already been told to stop doing twice before. My concern was that his (non-violent) offense was against another kid, and that another incident would result in his being suspended. After the second offense, I had come down hard, but it apparently didn't sink in. So, I was in full "angry parent" mode, and after school he was supposed to be doing extra chores as part of his punishment. Well, he was goofing off, and that set me off. And here is where I screwed up. I took my son to a closet and told him to sit down in it for time-out. It was a large closet (enough for me to walk in easily), and it had a light source. A few minutes after I had put him in there, I realized that this was excessive and inappropriate, and I took him out. It didn't seem to shake him too much; I apologized to him and told him I would never have him spend time-out in a closet again. This is the worst thing I've ever done to him, and I feel horrible about what I did. I'm also very scared. While I have the majority of custody of my son, his mother also has some time with him (4 days a month). I do strongly believe that he is better with me than his mother, and I am afraid my actions may have jeopardized custody. I have a strict no-lying and no secrets policy with my son, so asking him to keep this a secret is a non-starter. I've discussed this incident with family, and that has helped in mapping out strategies for how to parent in a better manner (e.g. don't punish while mad). What I need to do now is figure out how to protect the custody of my son, while at the same time addressing remediations for the underlying issues of this situation. So a couple questions: 1. Are my actions likely to have an impact on custody if my ex-wife finds out? Is this "drop everything and get a lawyer" time? 2. I've been in the process of getting my son to see a child psychologist. Will I encounter issues with mandated reporting if this incident comes up? Likewise, if I sought counseling just for myself, would the mandated reporter issue be a concern?  OP is obviously having some custody issues with his mom. He wouldn't be freaking out like this if he wasn't. He shouldn't extend that nervousness to his son who can interpret his dad's nervousness to his dad having doing something bad to him, it get back to his mom, and it start another custody battle. It's nice to be able to live in a world where we can try to model our behavior perfectly but we don't live in a perfect world and parents fight over time with their kids over the most pettiest of things. People who are looking for every little thing to use against you, will take that and run with it. Dad shouldn't treat things that aren't the end of the world, like they're the end of the world or mom could jump all over it and cause him a lot of money, time, and having to explain himself when he shouldn't have to.  I disagree. OP did something to their kid that they themselves decided was wrong. That you think it was fine is irrelevant; it is appropriate to apologize to your children if you've wronged them, and OP strongly felt he'd wronged his son. So what if son now thinks the punishment was too harsh; his father thinks it was too harsh and doesn't intend to use it again. Son also now knows that his father is capable of reflecting on his own actions, sincerely questioning whether he was wrong and apologizing if he thinks he was. All excellent behaviour to model and teach a child. And just because OP felt this punishment was too harsh doesn't mean he is completely unable to punish, or otherwise discipline/educate his son in general. Late to the thread, but if it helps, Virginia seems to have very defined child abuse definitions. The link below, under manuals, contains the definitions of child abuse for VA. I took a quick peek and didn't see anything regarding exclusion/seclusion. Sorry for the link and format, it's super late and I'm on mobile. http://www.dss.virginia.gov/family/cps/index.cgi Not to be a douche but does the kid go to the bathroom alone? If so, chilling in a closet is basically equivalent.  There is no where to go because it’s not abuse especially for the length of time you did it. If this was a sustained action then I would have a different opinion but in this case it’s just a parent being a parent. I agree with this. If you want a raise a kid right, there needs to be consequences for their misbehaviors. Kids need to learn right from wrong. Punishments, limits, and boundaries are not inherently abusive and it's important to teach your child to be responsible and conscientious. You can't do that by never setting healthy and reasonable limits and never giving reasonable punishments when those limits are not followed. A time out is a reasonable punishment and an okay one to stand by. social worker here: You're fine, especially if that's the worst thing you did. All parents lose their temper from one time or another. It's what you do when you lose your temper that makes or breaks things. A time out is a good punishment for a child that age. A common recommendation is one minute of time out per year, so your kiddo would have earned 8 minutes. Generally speaking, closets are not the preferred place of time out, but you're not likely to hear from CPS over this either. The best place is in a corner, away from the television or video games or anything that he would find interesting. You want him to think about what he's done and why it's not cool. I've seen some parents use a specific stool or chair and even one that made the child sit on a step (inside the home). At the end of the time out, you should sit down with him and explain why you had him do that. Explain what you wanted him to do and what behavior you expect next time. Ideally you would do this when you are cooled off too. Sometimes you should take some time away from the child if you're so angry that you just feel like lashing out. (This would be before the punishment). Go somewhere, count to 10 slowly, try not to raise your voice.  I really don't think that punishment was so bad. if you just don't like that form of punishment try something else like taking something away: TV, video games, something like that.  If this were reported to me as a (former) child welfare SW, it would most likely not lead to an assessment. imho, this is the legal equivalent of sending him to his room. You should be fine. IANAL  That isn't bad at all. That is the equivalent of making your child go to their room for bad behavior. Now if you had put your child in a dog cage, or something that were cruel or unusual, I would say you need to change your strategy. Whats the difference between a large closet and his room? Less toys. Youre fine, you didnt leave him there for an excessive amount of time or anything. Yeah its going to sound weird randomly brought up 'my dad put me in time put in the closet' but honestly, i doubt anything would come of it.  You never know when you'll find R. Kelly in it.  I wish i got a closet time-out , when my parents were mad. Note: Please remember that this is a legal advice sub. Anecdotes or your general opinion on the current state of parenting is not legal advice and will earn you a ban Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Just take a breath, you're good. You're making this sound worse than it is, you put your kid in time out for a few minutes to prevent either of your tempers from getting out of hand, in a well lit area with reasonable space. You don't need to freak out, in the future, ye maybe don't go the closet route, his room would likely work better. But all things considered, A. You're doing fine as a parent by the sounds of it if this is the worst B. CPS deals with some of the most abhorrent shit you can imagine, 5 seconds in there isn't going to cause an issue most likely.  No, but if he moves away from the house, or remodels it somewhere down the line. These sorts of things can pop up years later. It sounds like it wasn’t even locked. You stuck him in a small, but not too small space with a light source. Sounds like time out. This is like the lightest punishment available. Not excessive. A few minutes in a closet is hardly child abuse. Your ex can try to spin it that way, I'm sure. But I wouldn't drop everything to lawyer up unless she tries something. INAL or a mandated reporter, but I can't imagine a scenario where this would lead to reporting unless the facts are severly skewed (spending days in the closet).   What, are you afraid the closet might escape if given the chance? Honestly, the worst thing I see in that situation is that you apologized profusely to your son for giving him a mild punishment. Your reaction probably made him think his punishment was too harsh. You need to chill or you're never going to be able to punish your child. If you make everyone think what you're doing is child abuse, they're probably going to treat you like it's child abuse. It's not. You isolated your child for a brief time to make them think about their actions. That is so mild in terms of what you could have done. CPS deals with things like parents putting cigarettes out on their kids arms just for the hell of it. They aren't going to try to remove your kid because you put him in time out.  Others here have good advice. Might be worthwhile to photograph given closet and keep for your records, just in case this were ever used to question your fitness as a parent. "Locked the kid in the closet" sounds way worse than "Locked kid in a well lit walk in closet for a few minutes for time out" Pictures might provide some clarity. That's not abusive. And if it's the worst thing you've done, you are a very good parent indeed. Try reframing it. You separated yourself from your son temporarily so that neither of you would lose your tempers further. That's a fine thing to do. He was safe, he wasn't scared, and you have talked it out with him. [deleted] If you stuck him in a cramped cubby that would be different. It was a full sized closet you could easily walk in. And he didn’t even spend that much time in there, I wouldn’t worry too much.  Lol that’s it?? I thought you beat him with bruising involved. I wouldn’t sweat it, this is nothing to worry about. Assuming you and I are close in range, we had it worse as far as punishment is involved.