 If I have someone on my full coverage policy, they get into an accident that involved no one else (ran off road) what is gonna happen? As far as I know so far is that it's not totalled, no police record made but can the insurance company take legal action it he is listed as a permissive driver? The state is Nevada.  From What to Do If You Are in a Car Accident With no Drivers’ License Being in a car accident with no license is more common than many realize. According to the AAA, across the country between 2007 and 2009, 18.2 percent of fatal car accidents were caused by drivers driving with no license or with an invalid license. There are many reasons why you may be in a car accident with no license: 1) Your license was suspended or revoked. A license may be suspended or revoked for many reasons. You may be declared incompetent to drive, for example, or your license may be revoked or suspended after a serious collision or serious traffic law violations. You may even lose your license if you have unpaid child support or administrative fees. Being caught in a car accident with a suspended or revoked license can have serious consequences. In Nevada, you could be charged with a misdemeanor and may face up to $1,000 in fines and up to six months in jail. In addition, your license may be revoked or suspended for even longer. 2) You have an expired license. If you get into a car accident with an expired license, you will likely get a ticket for not having a valid license. You may even end up in court, where you can present any evidence as to why your license was expired. If the accident was not your fault, you can still seek a claim against the at-fault driver’s insurance carrier. The situation is more complex if you are found to be at fault. If this is the case, your insurance company may refuse to pay for the other driver’s damages, and you may be held responsible for them. You will also generally face fines and other potential penalties. 3) You do not have your driver’s license yet and are driving with a permit. In general, you are considered licensed if you are driving in Nevada with a driver’s permit as a new driver and are obeying all the rules and limits of your permit. If you are violating laws — such as not driving between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. if you are under age 18 or having minors as passengers — and you are in an accident with a learners’ permit, you may face some penalties. If you have blood alcohol level of over .02 and are in a car accident while driving with a permit, for example, you may be arrested. However, if you are not at fault in the car accident and driving with a permit while obeying all laws (including those related to blood alcohol level), you are considered properly licensed and will face no penalties. 4) You are not eligible for a license. If you are younger than 15.5 years old in Nevada, you are not yet old enough to quality for an instructional permit. You may also not qualify for a license if you cannot pass a vision test and knowledge test, or if there is a medical reason why you cannot drive. If you are not eligible for a license because you are too young or for some other reason, and you are in a car accident with no license, you may not be the only one liable. Under a doctrine known as negligent entrustment, anyone who lends their car to an unlicensed minor or someone else not qualified to drive may be held liable if the driver causes damages. In addition, parents may be held liable in some cases if a child takes the family car from the garage and causes an accident. What to Do If the Other Driver Has No License If you are in a car accident in Nevada, and it turns out the other driver has no license, contact the police and get a copy of the police report. Driving without a license is a crime and can affect your ability to secure compensation if the other driver was at fault. Make sure you get the full contact information of the driver. The second call you will want to make if you have been injured is to a personal injury attorney. An at-fault driver with no license likely does not have insurance and registration, either, and that will make it harder for you to recover compensation. An attorney can represent you with your own insurance company if you can get coverage from them. A personal injury attorney can also tell you whether you have other options, such as pursuing other liable parties responsible for the crash.