 Okay so, some background. I left my ex a year ago due to him cheating on me physically, sexually, emotionally, etc. He was also very abusive in every single matter, including rape. In total I had 3 children with him, one of which passed at 39 gestation due to a placental abruption 2 days before my due date. My other two children are 3 year old boy/girl twins. His abuse has caused me to develop full blown PTSD Bipolar Disorder. I moved out around this time last year and we verbally agreed That he be the main caretaker of the children while I seek appropriate help for my disorders. I know, I know. I regret it immensely. I am also weeks away from seeing a doctor for medications. During this time he has moved an hour away without consulting me, or telling me where exactly. He has made other decisions over my children without consulting me first. That being said, he has a new gf who just turned 18. Because of this he has blocked me on social media, making contact with my children even more difficult. To begin with he has ignored 90% of my attempts to see, speak, or know about my kids. This angered me, because obviously I love my kids and I want them in my life, and I never gave up any of my rights. Reason why I haven't immediately placed a custody agreement through the courts is because I am waiting to be on proper medications and I am waiting on my refund to be able to buy everything my children need once again because he kept everything when I moved out. So I became angry with him blocking me and I messaged his girlfriend telling her everything he has done to me because I know that he has been lying to her, too. Turns out, he has denied my first deceased being his in order to satisfy whatever insecurity she was having among many, many other things. This made me snap. I'm not sure who in their right mind would deny their own dead child. So I told her everything basically and he contacted me afterwards saying that I was to never see my kids again. I felt hate, so I contact his mother and aunt and told them everything, because I am tired of being quiet and being the victim here. After this, he tells me he is putting in a restraining order against me. My question is, is this possible for him to do that? Because having an order means I can't come near my children. No, I never threatened him, his gf or anyone. Also, I'm in CA. Thank you for reading this and ahead of time for your responses.  You need to stop intentionally "exposing" and smearing him to people. It will play horribly in court, and there's already a good chance you'll get a dressing down over it. He is well within his rights to seek an order given what you have said, and if you don't want one put in place you need an attorney to dispute it. If you attempt to do that pro se, you will attempt to justify your actions in a way that further upsets your chances at a shared custody agreement. All of the choices you've made along the way make 50/50 custody to start with quite a reach. You need a family attorney at the end of the day.  know about them  Yeah, from your version of the events I'd say its very possible for him to get a restraining order. No, having an order will not stop you from going around your children it just means you will have to have a middle person to help with the handoff. Your recourse to see your children is to go to court to establish or update a custody order. Your ex is not required to be friends with you on social media, nor to make the children available to you. You should retain counsel to petition for a custody order and parenting time arrangement. If you have medical issues you’re concerned about in that litigation you should review the situation with your lawyer. And perhaps your doctor.  You need to go to court and get a custody order. Until you do that he does not have to allow you any contact with your kids. He can request a restrining order, a court will determine if it is ultimately warranted. 