 Hello! I'm planning on opening a bar that targets the LGBTQ community in Tennessee and I having some problems finding answers to come questions that I guess I don't know how to properly word. \- How do I hire male bartenders that will be shirtless? I know that attractive shirtless bartenders will really increase clientele and up sales. But how do you go about wording that in a job advertisement? How do you tell someone that their primary uniform will be just pants? How do you, for lack of a better word, discriminate against those bartenders that would be overweight or those that refuse to be shirtless? I remember several years ago, Hooters had to rebrand their staff as entertainers or something, to skirt some laws. I do plan on hiring other bartenders, that won't be shirtless. But how do I hire shirtless ones?  Been a bar owner, but not in your state. I agree that you need to talk to an attorney. It's not just being able to hire the right people; there are also alcohol and food service laws to consider. States, counties and cities all have their own ordinances and they are all over the place. Tennessee law, for instance says "Food employees shall wear clean outer clothing to prevent contamination of food, equipment, utensils, linens, and single-service and single-use articles."How that might apply to topless bartenders, I don't know. You will also have to see if federal laws prohibiting gender discrimination in hiring will apply to you. If they do, you may have to demonstrate that hiring only men is a bona fide occupational qualification (BFOQ). (Hooters, BTW, settled a lawsuit by paying a lot of money and opened its host and bartender positions to men, because Hooters could not prove that gender is a BFOQ for those positions. Hooters was able to argue that the buxom servers were entertainers, thus gender was a BFOQ.)  You might also find out who represents other similar businesses in your area, and talk to them for a consultation...because having someone who's gone down that specific road can save a lot of headaches. I’m just going to repeat what the person above me said- this is beyond the scope of this sub and you NEED a lawyer.  NAL, F B manager in another state that oversees 4 liquor licenses. I would strongly discourage you from opening a business that serves alcohol without sitting down with a local lawyer for a consultantation to answer this and many other questions. Liquor licenses and liquor bonds are expensive. Losing them even more so.