 Back in September, my email was hacked and the hacker was able to use my email to 1) reset my passwords and 2) access an electronic gift card account in my name with a saved Chase CC on profile. With this access, the hacker was able to order $17,000 worth of gift cards over 4 days and have them delivered to my email - where he promptly accessed the gift card codes and deleted the emails before I noticed (since he had access to my email). Chase initially removed the charges, but recently informed me that since they couldn't prove it was fraud and that I "benefited from the transaction" that I am liable for the full charges. I've escalated for a second review, but in the meantime my next payment is coming due and I'm facing a $17,000 bill. Steps I've done: 1) Formally disputed the charges 2) Filed a police report 3) Sent over all documentation (including evidence that my email was hacked) to Chase I have not been given a timeline on this process and am unsure what to do next. I have never missed a CC payment but at the same time I do not plan on paying for $17,000 of fraudulent charges. I am preparing for a worst case scenario where Chase holds me fully liable. Any advice on next steps would be appreciated - thank you! Thanks for the reply; it's a scary situation but definitely a good lesson in security for all of us.  "shoulda had a better password?" Short answer, yes. We tell people over and over and over and over and over: don't use the same password on multiple sites, don't use your kids' names, don't use your name, don't use your phone number, don't just add "1" or "." to the end of your password, use a long phrase, use a password manager, use multi-factor authentication ... but people don't listen. The longer answer is that it depends on the circumstances. In this case, I don't see OP having much of a leg to stand on, since the gift certificates were delivered to their personal email address. I have nothing but animosity for Chase and would be ecstatic if they were required to take a $17k writeoff because OP didn't have a secure account. But that's not the world we live in. The best advice, given the amount involved here, is to get advice from a lawyer.  So does the hacker just win here? If someone is hacked is the recourse just "shoulda had a better password?" If that sounds antagonistic I don't mean it to be; it just seems like a lot of people would be vulnerable to this given the conditions you listed above and how most people don't follow them. It seems like OP and people like him would be more protected.  The quantity may have been anomalous, but the purchase likely wasn't. Remember, the site had his CC info saved.  $17000 worth of gift cards does not fit my spending patterns. My typical monthly bill is a small fraction of that. I'm amazed they didn't shut your card down.  Thanks, appreciate the details and the candidness. Looks like I've got an uphill battle here. The short answer is that it's up to Chase. When you agreed to their mandatory binding arbitration, you gave up the right to have any kind of oversight through the courts, so Chase isn't obligated to consider any of the points you raised. What you can do is file complaints with the FTC and your state's Attorney General or Department of Banking. Alternatively, you can hire a lawyer and file for arbitration. However, the arbitrators -- the ones who will decide your case, and whose decision you can not appeal -- will be paid for by Chase. The arbitration company they use will want to earn Chase's repeat business. And arbitration proceedings are not required to decide based on the law. They can rightfully decide you sound like a scammer and therefore are one. Thanks for the response. Does intent matter here at all? 1) I do not have a criminal record 2) I am not in financial distress (i.e. lack of motivation to defraud Chase) 3) I've been a customer of Chase for 15 years with multiple lines of credit, and have never missed a payment 4) Buying $17000 worth of gift cards does not fit my spending patterns. My typical monthly bill is a small fraction of that. Basically, trying to state the case that I do not have any particular reason to want to defraud Chase, nor do I have a history or the background of the kind of person that would do so. Would this type of evidence just be disregarded?  It does, but it requires the creditor to investigate your claims and determine whether or not the charge is fraudulent. In this case, Chase feels there's too much evidence suggesting that you used the certificates. Odds are Chase will claim that the Russian IP address was just you using a proxy. You could also open up a complaint with the FTC, but given the circumstances I'm not sure you have much of a claim here. Lesson learned. I've got multi-factor authentication now. Question though - I thought the FCBA protected against unauthorized charges? Does it not apply if your email is hacked? Evidence I submitted - My email was accessed by a Russian IP address on the dates that the fraudulent activity took place. I have never been to Russia in my life. When you say you didn't have to pay - does this mean that you just skipped the payment on your CC bill? The charges have reappeared on my bill and Chase will not remove them during my secondary appeal. Do you have any sort of appeal available? You should make at least the minimum payment to protect your credit in the meantime. Unfortunately you're going to have a hard time with this. Odds are you were using the same password on multiple sites, using a weak password, or not using multi-factor authentication. Or all of the above. If so, you're going to learn a very expensive lesson on why those are all terrible ideas. Just curious: what evidence did you send of your email being hacked? I'm not sure there's anything else you can do. You can hire a lawyer to take the matter into arbitration, but those odds won't be in your favor at all. I’ve had this happen and I’ve never had to pay while it was in dispute- even at the secondary level after a first denial. Also, their first denial may just be a cursory denial in hopes that you don’t pursue it. They rule against you. You don't pay. They sue you. You present your case in court and either win (in which case you don't have to pay) or you lose (in which case they can start seizing your property and bank accounts to satisfy the court judgement against you).