 I was pulled by a city cop for having a taillight out and rolling a stopsign, and unfortunately had a small pack of bottle rockets in the back of my truck... Looked something like [this](http://www.alamofireworks.com/images/uploads/6300.gif) They were in "plain view" so the cop spotted them, asked for them, took them... then returned with a citation. The statute in question is [G.S. 14-410](). So initially I laughed it off then found out later that this is technically a class 1 misdemeanor.... same level as assault and battery. The lawyer I spoke with told me that it'd be the same level if they'd found up to 1.5 oz of weed in my car... I did talk to a lawyer and he thinks the DA might throw it out on the principle that this is really petty and a waste of time to prosecute (but no guarantees)... I have no criminal record btw. Basically what I'm asking y'all is, do I need to pay a criminal defense lawyer $1,000 to get me through this? That's what the lawyer is asking for, and I'm a student that's just now graduating from university, so this is a significant financial burden for me. Is this a reasonable price? I will probably shop around for lawyers, in fact my mailbox at home has already been flooded with mailers from law firms in the area. My line of thinking is that the judge/ADA wouldn't be inclined to punish me to the fullest extent possible, because this is just an incredibly banal crime... So if I admit wrongdoing and throw myself on the mercy of the court what's the worst/best possible outcome and do I need a lawyer for this? If I ask a lawyer this question I'm sure they'll tell me that I do, and that I should hire them. It seems that the best thing a lawyer could do for this case would be to try and get the DA to throw it out. Just because of the way the statute is worded, it's the same "crime" whether somebody is launching huge mortars from their backyard and actually endangering people, or is caught with a pack of lousy bottle rockets. And not even good ones. Side question: When a cop asks you to hand them something out of your vehicle that they think is suspicious (like a pack of fireworks) what will they do if you refuse? Thanks for reading y'all  Do shop around, but get a lawyer. A criminal record will follow you everywhere and will have negative consequences. You don't know what the DA or a judge think.  $1,000.00 is completely reasonable. If you are a student, you would likely also qualify for a public defender. If a law enforcement officer sees an item in plain view that they reasonably believe may be illegal, they can seize it. If you refuse to hand it to them, you'd likely be placed in handcuffs and they'd retrieve it themselves. 