 Howdy r/legaladvice. Recently, my house in Brazos County, Texas was robbed. Everything of value was taken, from TV's to Xbox's as well as a few guns. It appears the thief has logged into my Hulu account using a VPN. I got a notification that my hulu had been logged in from Bangladesh, however you cannot access hulu in Bangladesh so I have concluded that the thief has logged into my account using a VPN. I have called Hulu and they told me they cant help me in any way without a subpoena. Here is my question: now that I have a suspicious login most likely from the thief, what steps can I take to either track them down or recover my stolen property? The other unfortunate thing is that of the guns that were taken, one of them was mine. That gun was purchased quite a long time ago and I do not have a record of the serial number which the police are asking for. What should I do? Thank you! RE: Accounts I would cancel your current credit card so any accounts that it is linked to automatically cancels the upcoming payment. If they change the logins for the account do the password recovery step a billion times to annoy them — so they can’t use they are unable to login. I’m not familiar with game consoles but your xbox should be connected to your email. You can probably chat with Microsoft employee from their website or send them an email informing of the fraudulent logins and what data recovery they can provide you. Hopefully your thieves are dumb enough to try to sell your guns to local pawn shops or put an ad on craigslist/FB? - notify these shops the description of these items with a reward for their return. - counter post your guns in attempt to get the word out that they have been stolen and that the police are aware of the serial codes.  Most likely the police are not looking for your property actively. They are going to keep an eye out for it, but other than that your stuff is gone. Did you have a super heavy duty gun safe? By this I mean one that costs a months car payment and can not be loaded into anything but a truck? I am not interested in recovering any property myself. By recover my property I mean through legal means. I agree that the police are pretty unhelpful, however, I have the ability to talk to the Brazos County DA so that could help spur things along by going over local PD's head. You file a claim with your home owners or renters insurance and follow that process. You can not recover your property and if you were to try there is a high likelihood of you getting shot and/or your car stolen by the thieves who stole your stuff. I can tell you from personal experience that police generally will not help you recover stolen property from a thief that you have tracked down. There are countless stories of people using "find my iphone" and tracking thieves down. The police refused to come assist them and in one case I read online actually arrested robbery victim because he trespassed. If you do not have insurance then take this as a lesson to never be without it again. 