 The other night I got fired from my job. I worked at one of the larger gas station chains in my state(Utah). I have been having panic attacks a lot recently and have visited several doctors about it. All they did was increase my antidepressant meds. So I’m at work and I start having a severe panic attack. I go outside to vape and to try and breath and calm down. That didn’t work and my panic attack got worse. I started feeling really suicidal which in return made me freak out more and made things worse. I called my husband and he was trying to calm me down. I told him I can’t be here. I need to leave before I do something really bad. But if i left work, I was going to get fired. He told me to quit and come home. I knew he was right, but that made things worse and set me off again. I waited until I could collect myself to a degree and went back inside. I walked up to the manager on shift and told her two things are happening. One, I’m either going to the hospital, or two, I’m going home. I told her I’m having severe panic attacks and that I’m feeling really suicidal. She told me that she’ll call my store manager. She came back out of the office and said that the boss said if I left, i wouldn’t have a job. So I gathered up my stuff and left. I went home because if I went to the hospital, it would stress me out more and we can’t afford a hospital bill. The next morning I went to the doctor to get checked out and discuss meds. I got a doctors note and sent a picture of it to my boss. She told it doesn’t matter because I abandoned my shift. I told her I will be talking to HR on Monday. I love the company that I worked for. My husband works for the same company at another gas station and also loves his job. I want to continue to work for the company, but at a different gas station. The managers said that I would be marked as non-rehireable My question is, do I have anything that I can use legally to help my case? My state is an at will state.  People are entitled to reasonable accommodations so that they can do their jobs despite their disabilities. What is reasonable depends on the job duties, but it is rare that walking off a shift would be considered "reasonable". I am glad that you were able to do what you needed to do and sorry about the outcome but, no, even with the ADA, it's not likely that there's any recourse. One of my other bosses knew, but I’ve only been having panic attacks for about a month now. I went about a week ago to my normal doctor to talk about it and see what we could do. As for accommodations, there isn’t one I could think of. We were short staffed and I was working swing. The last quarter of my shift I am the only one in the store. If I had a problem, I’d be screwed. It’s pretty much impossible to get someone to come in for two hours at 10PM. I’ve been working 4-12 for the last 2 months. Ive asked multiple times to get my schedule changed back to how it was before the other swing person quit. I asked her when the morning and mid position opened, if I could take that. Since then, she’s hired a morning and mid person.  OP- If you hadn't provided documentation of your medical condition previously to your employer and advised them that you may need to occasionally leave a shift mid-shift, you can likely be (legally) fired for the reason you were \[fired\]. Prior to that day, had to informed them of your panic attacks and had the agreed to any accommodations? There is no case to help, you lost your job. There's no point in talking to HR. Your only recourse is filing for unemployment (which assume they will dispute because they consider you to have quit) and finding a new job. Oh and if you keep doing this aggressive posturing with them, your husband is going to get fired soon too. I've seen it happen way too often at higher stakes positions. 