 Hello /r/legaladvice! I'm using a throwaway to avoid any potential issues that may come from me using my main account, but I'd really like some advice from folks who know more than I do about things like this. So back in June, I started working remotely for a customer service company based out of the Netherlands who, in turn, works for a very, very large gaming company. The job description stated that I would be hired as an independent contractor, which was perfect for me. Well, after a 2-week long "training" period, I was given a schedule. One that included break periods. I spoke with my Team Lead about the issue, stating that I was worried about my tax status because the work itself didn't fit the normal duties of an independent contractor in my country. I also mentioned that the break schedule was a bit iffy, as they demanded that we take our "hour break" in 4 parts, that being one 30 minute break and three 10 minute breaks. The Team Lead said that they would speak to HR and get back to me. So, 2 months later, I still hadn't heard anything. I'd kinda put it out of my mind for the time being because the company didn't give me any reason to be concerned over how shady they might be in the future, but I asked again while ensuring that sense of urgency was placed on my inquiry, and was told once more that my TL would speak to HR. So, 3 months later, I was still in the dark and every time I requested direct meetings with HR they were out of the office. This made me worried, and I spoke with my TL about this. I told them that I would need to contact my local labor board and request that action is taken regarding these issues if I were unable to find an answer from HR. About 3 weeks later, I finally got my meeting with the head of HR. He, and my TL, were in the meeting together (we use VoIP services for our meetings) and I was informed that I was being let go "due to the way I feel about the company". I didn't complain, because frankly, I was already in the middle of finding new work, but I did ask if they would be addressing my issues with unpaid "break" time and my independent contractor status. I also requested my release papers, which state what hours and wage I received from this company. The HR head said that they would have someone contact me regarding all of that. So, flash forward another week, and I received an email from a lower level HR person. At the end of our conversation, in which she avoided directly discussing my breaks, or the false independent contractor status, she informed me that the release letter would be sent to me ASAP. To that, I replied with a thank you and nothing more. 2 days after this, I received an email from a lawyer representing this company that said the following: "We represent [COMPANY NAME] and we hereby request that you direct all communications regarding any [COMPANY NAME] matters to us and refrain from contacting the company and any of its employees directly." So I did. I asked them when I would be receiving my release letter from HR. Since then, I've not received a single bit of communication from the company or this lawyer. At this point, I don't have the money to lawyer up, although I'm sure that's what many of you who have read this are thinking that I should do. Still, is there anything that I can do in this situation that doesn't require me going into debt in order to collect my back pay and address the fact that I was not an Independent Contractor? I've got screenshots of the schedules they set out for me, proof of correspondence with HR, and things like that. Basically anything that has to do with my wages and requests to fix my employement status have been documented becuase I had a feeling thatthis was going to happen. Any advice in this situation would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance, /r/legaladvice! First, file an [SS-8]()(PDF) with the IRS. They will determine if you were an independant contractor or an employee. Sounds to me as if you were an employee, but let them do the work. If you are determined to have been an employee, your case is to get paid is stronger and easier. You file a wage claim. Bonus is they'll have to pay the payroll taxes and you won't get hit with the self-employment tax. Sure, you never take advice from the other side's attorneys. Pay me and I'll quit pestering you. Complain to anyone and everyone you can find, be polite, and stick to pertinent facts only: they didn't pay me despite being a 'star employee' and they mis-classified me as a contractor.  I would continue to pester the company with written correspondence about the pay you are owed. Write everyone you can find, write to the parent company who hired this vendor, see if you can find a labor board in the Netherlands to file a complaint with. For a few weeks of pay it's probably not cost-effective to hire an attorney. However if that is not successful after a month or so, you may want to get a consultation with an attorney and see if you can sue, what that would cost, and the likelihood that you can recoup your legal expenses. But you can rattle a lot of cages for free, so I'd get to that. Then, (this is free so do not delay) file a request with the IRS for an SS8 determination. This will determine who pays part of your taxes. Fill it out, send it in, and, I'd include a copy of that in all of the letters you send to the gaming company attempting to get paid. You can explain you feel they are misclassifying workers (FWIW, a general rule although not necessarily true all of the time is that if you are being trained to do something you are not a contractor, at least not for that time) 