 I have what I believe to be a straightforward set of divorce papers which I received today Merry Christmas. There are no kids involved and the house and car are solely in my ex wife’s name. The only stipulation is I still have material possessions like a tv and books nothing major she agreed to let me get but aren’t mentioned in the papers. I have literally 0 assets or money to my name and so I know I can’t afford a lawyer to check it out. Again I am not planning on contesting anything just signing and getting it over with. What can I do? I resides in Michigan but am now with family in Virginia.  I would advise you to talk to your wife. Explain that you would like to proceed quickly and amicably, but that you cannot simply sign without having a lawyer review it. Offer two options: option 1, you will save up until you can afford a lawyer to review it. This might take some time. Option 2, she can help pay for a lawyer for you, in which case you will happily review the papers, negotiate problems if there are any (might not be), then sign and move on. Having the wealthier spouse pay for both lawyers is a common practice and quite reasonable. You can both come out better that way. Where I live there is a legal clinic at a local university for those that qualify (low income.) You could at least check into low income clinics probably in the state where papers are to be filed. And sometimes your ex-spouse has to pay alimony for a period of time while you get back on your feet. It really is worth the effort to find out. Good luck. Permanent record for what? Just remember, just because she’s ready for you to sign, doesn’t mean YOU need to be ready. Barring a court date, you can take all the time you need. Don’t be pushed into making a hasty decision. I’ve seen good legal aid, and not as good legal aid, but you should at least try. Even if you can’t afford full representation, someone should be able to give you an idea of your rights. Then you can make an informed decision on how to proceed. FWIW, when I was a mediator, I worked almost solely with people that didn’t have lawyers. They showed up to their court date and the judge sent them to me for an afternoon to try to hammer something out. You don’t need a lawyer to negotiate. Disclaimer: jurisdictions vary widely, so yours may work totally different. My intent isn’t to talk you into mediation, but to show you that you can go through the full process without a lawyer.  Sometimes when there’s a big income and asset disparity you can get the court to order your spouse to cover your lawyer fees. Get a few free consultations with lawyers to see what kind of options you you have. You should get a consultation with a lawyer. Contact the MI bar to find one. They are usually free or low cost. They will review the basics of the case, tell you the likely cost to pursue it, and explain how billing would work. Many of them will work on a payment plan. Normally marital property is divided evenly during divorce, so if you have nothing now you should be receiving some money here. Things like 401k contributions during marriage should be accounted for. Without knowing more about your situation it is hard to know what is rightfully yours, but you are signing away by not reviewing this with an attorney. Consider that an initial consultation is usually free, and at the consultation the lawyer can probably assess how likely you are to benefit financially. If the lawyer thinks you will get some money out of it, they may well agree to be paid after the case is finished (though you would still have to pay them if you lose). But again, ask for a free initial consultation. You can gain a fair bit of info. Heck, get 2 or 3 free consultations. THEN decide about the lawyer. Don't give up before you know what your options are. You have no money and no assets, do you have a job? Because it sounds like you should be getting alimony from your soon-to-be-ex. [deleted] Find legal aid in your state and talk this through. If the house was purchased during the marriage, there’s every chance you are entitled to some equity. Even if it wasn’t, you could perhaps get some sort of transitional settlement (a little cash to help you get established). It is also not unheard of for the spouse with money to pay the attorney fees for the spouse with no money. You absolutely need to spend an hour with someone to find out your rights. Do NOT just take whatever paper she gives you and sign it. You can counter offer. Worst case scenario, you can go before the judge yourself and maybe get some settlement. I do not recommend it, but it’s not a requirement to have a lawyer in a divorce. You can still have your time in front of a judge. Source: used to be a divorce court mediator. Every state is different, though.  That is not what contingency means, and contingency agreements are prohibited in domestic cases. A lawyer may agree to bill after a divorce settlement is distributed, but this is not at all the same thing as contingency.  That's impossible to answer without knowing the content of the papers you sign.  Your question seems inconsistent with your statement. What are you trying to accomplish?  Nope. Contingency fees are prohibited in domestic cases. [deleted] [deleted] Yes, most likely. Then don't sign until you've saved up enough money to pay for a lawyer? [deleted] [deleted] My suggestion: wait until you get those possessions back and then sign the papers, that way it doesn't become a problem.  Well you just said you're not going to have an attorney review one of the most important documents you'll ever sign, and that you're just going to sign it while there's still room for misunderstanding and dispute. So that's pretty much that.  - You don't want to contest it, just to get it over with - You don't want to hire a lawyer. Seems to me you just need to sign on the X Now if you do truly care, and want to ensure you aren't being screwed over in anyway, you need to talk to a lawyer. There may be some willing to work on a contingency, especially if your wife is the breadwinner and you may be entitled to some form of spousal support. The choice is yours. 