 So a few months ago I was in Los Angeles on holiday, met a girl on Tinder and got with her. I did not use protection. As a result of my actions she is now pregnant with my child. I need to step up, be a man and be there for my child. Can I apply for a green card? I’m from the UK.  Immigration law and family law are two different bags of tea. How cooperative is this Tinder girl? Does she want to marry you? Does she want to put your name on the birth certificate? Are you going to attend the birth? How many weeks pregnant is she? I'm asking because quite a few early pregnancies do not result in a live birth. If she's not that into you, you would have to file a paternity case, which formally establishes paternity of the child through a formal, court-certified DNA test. You can always do your own $50 Walgreens swab test after the birth but it's not valid in court. If she wants to marry you, you can get a fiance visa, and eventually permanent residency if she sponsors you. That whole immigration process would cost you around $6,000, give or take. There are other ways related to working in the US whereby you may be able to obtain temporary residency in the US that can under certain circumstances allow you to apply for permanent residency. No. You have no ties to the US other than child support payments. Make sure you get a paternity test done. At this point, why would you want one? Oops, my mistake...  [21]().  No. If the girl is a US citizen and wishes to marry you, you can get a green card through the fiancée visa process. And if your child is a US citizen and eventually wants to pettion on your behalf, they could, providing you have a legitmate relationship with them. But they can’t file on your behalf until they turn 21. Simply being the father of an infant US citizen does not give you any basis for a green card. You’re also subject to international child support enforcement; and the US and UK cooperate on enforcing such matters. Of course, paternity has to be established first, so make sure you request a DNA test before agreeing to anything.  Merely "knocking up" a female in the US doesn't automatically grant you a green card. However, the UK is part of the Hague convention, which is a convention countries have entered to enforce child support agreements for those in different countries. You can speak to an immigration lawyer in the states. No, if you two decide to get married then she can sponsor you for a green card but otherwise the kid has nothing to do with it until they turn 18 and can sponsor you. Sure you can apply Yeah, nope