 So I've been living in this apartment neighborhood for two and a half years now and we just got moved to the front of the neighborhood into a different building. The building in the back was fairly nice but the building in the front of the neighborhood was clearly in disrepair. Within the first few months our dog got fleas so bad she got a severe skin infection. There was a fallout style mushroom growing in the hallway (to which now we just have Wall of black mold). We have cockroaches like it's New York and we live on the outskirts of Ann arbor. They have sent exterminators 4-5 times over months and the Cockroach problem is getting worse still. Every time we've tried to have a talk with a manager to discuss relocating to a different apartment or terminating our lease they have told us that there is either no manager available or they are in transition to a different manager. Now that we have found a place and we told them that we would be out on the 31st of this month they're telling us that there is a 30-day lease termination. Which we would have to pay into the next month of our rent. My roommates and I feel like we are being violated of some basic human rights as far as health goes but we don't know how we can approach it. Oh Reddit fairy, please help! The apartment we moved into had been freshly cleaned so we did not see any issues in the mold in the hallway only developed during the fall when we had already been living there for some months. Thank you for the escrow tip that is probably the direction we will be heading into because they just actively covered up the mold in the hallway with a coat of paint. [removed] Call the health department, the Fire Marshall and any Code enforcement agency you happen to have. If its as bad as you say they may condemn the building, allowing you out of your lease unless they can offer another apartment. Its a bit complicated, but if they do condemn it, you basically have the landlord over a barrel. This would be them breaking the lease.  So you voluntarily moved to a new apartment, but didn't check it out before moving in? If you believe that there are serious violations occurring, then you'll need to go to rent court so that they can put rent in to escrow, thereby withholding it from the landlord. We moved to downsize from a three bedroom to a two bedroom apartment. This occurred at the end of one lease to begin a new one. Why were you moved? Did they move you between leases, meaning that they didn't renew your lease and had you sign a new lease for the new apartment?