 So my neighbor has this white yappy little fluff ball. And it is never on a leash or tied to anything when it’s out. She is always outside with it, it’s rarely out alone. I have 2 dogs myself, one is an 80lb male pit bull who is pretty aggressive towards other dogs. When we take him out we always stand with him and keep an eye on the neighborhood to watch for stray dogs. I don’t want him to attack a random dog that wanders to our yard so we watch him like a hawk. Anyways this neighbor, lets her dog out several times a day and it charges towards my dog barking like crazy just out of his reach and my dog gets all worked up and I have to rush him inside. I have tried to move around my dogs outside schedule and take him out different times but when it’s nice out she will stay out with the yappy dog ALL DAY. Is there anything I can do besides calling animal control? I called last summer about it, they came out and talked to her about the leash law and went on their way. It helped for about a week. I just called them again and they are on their way. But I don’t see this being a long term solution and I don’t see either of us moving in the near future. What else legally can I do? Disclaimer: using a new alt account because I don’t want to hear negativity about having an aggressive pit bull, he was a rescue and is 11 years old.  IANAL- but I have a horrible neighbor who ignores local dog laws. A few things I have found helpful. Keep a log of every time this dog is out and “at large” aka not on their property. Call and report it every single time to animal control. The squeaky wheel gets the grease. Make sure you document the date, time and who you spoke with. Put up security cameras, covering your yard and a little of the surrounding public area. When the dog gets out save the footage and send it to animal control. This also has the extra advantage of helping prove your dog was on their property, and being provoked. Getting a basket muzzle for your dog, as well as working with a trainer,that specializes in reactive dogs. Anything to help your pup look good, especially considering the breed stigma you are overcoming. r/reactivedogs is a great resource.  He is never alone outside. Not even for a second. I understand the amount of attention he has to have because of his temperament. I may consider a muzzle, I’ll have to talk to his vet about it. He has nasal issues in his snout and sometimes has a hard time breathing.  very good point! Make sure your renter/home owner insurance is up to date in case your dog ends up injuring a fairly expensive yapper. Even if you muzzle him, please don't leave him alone out there if he has dog aggression. You can't control who might be walking their dog nearby, or what dog might run up to be friends, and I don't want the poor thing to get put down, and you to get the house sued out from under you. (Thank you for taking him in, though, that is awesome.) You can help create a positive experience by slathering the muzzle with loads of peanut butter when you introduce it to them! If she works at Walmart, then she can buy one of those lawn stakes and a lead for $10. She has no excuse. Repeated fines will maybe help her to do that cost/benefit analysis that is well overdue. Also, way to rescue a senior pup!  I want to agree to this, but need to specifically state a BASKET muzzle. Basket muzzles still allow dogs to pant and drink water. It may make the dog look mean, but it keeps that dogs hands(paws) clean. I know plenty of people(especially greyhound owners) who will use them on walks if they are aware their dogs has any sort of prey drive. I'd also muzzle him, for HIS safety. You know his breed has a very bad rep. He bits or injures an animal or person, even if he's not at fault, it won't go well for him.  To my knowledge she works part time at Walmart, she may be semi retired. I’m completely guessing here, but I believe she is in her late 50s/early 60s. So I’d assume she doesn’t have a lot of money to throw around. I seriously hope after the first couple she starts complying with the law.  Does she have a lot of money? If she doesn't she probably won't want to pay a fine every single day. Even if it's 10 dollars, that's 70 dollars a week. Eventually she'll give in Keep reporting. Irresponsible dog owners should be fined. Enough warnings should either wake up the owner or the animal control that this dog isn't being watched over. Good, but if he should get loose and attack, it could be argued that you did not have personal control of your dog.  Always! We have a lead tied around a tree in our front yard.   Hope this means your dog is leashed when you're out with him I’m in the southern half of the state. I called my county animal control. They just came out and said they would give her a written warning and any time I see the dog past the sidewalk, unleashed to take a picture and bring it to them and she will get a fine each time. So I guess that is something. I don’t know if this will work long term or not.  Exactly where do you live in Illinois? Animal control is usually handled by local governments, and there might be some county ordnance that can help you. Also, good on you for taking in a rescue pet. You keep calling animal control, every time. Consequences for her will escalate eventually. 