 I got offered a promotion and a transfer to a new area. We had applied to rent a house and halfway through the process the landlady asked for an offer letter for my partner. This was after we signed an application consenting to a credit check fee and sent a check to her. We explained that she didn’t have a job yet and that we were moving because of my work. She said she was no longer interested in continuing with the application process unless we had a job offer. We were sad but moved on, out a stop payment on the check, it had been sent via mail because she refused to take a card, and found another place. Today we received this from her: “I have received notice that you put a stop payment on your credit check fee payment, from my bank. This is completely unacceptable and I am prepared to file a police report. Given you have applied, receipted and requested in writing that I perform a credit check on each of you, it is unlawful to do such a thing! I will wait 24 hours to hear from you as to whether or not you plan to rectify the situation, then will file a report.” Does she have any legal standing? It was our understanding that when she said she did not want to continue on she would not perform the credit check and did not have one show up on either of our reports so we assumed she did not. We haven’t responded yet, wanted to get some advice. Thank you!  Thank you for the response. We did let everyone know up front that we were relocating due to my work and my partner did not have a job. Many other potential landlords did not have issue with this due to my salary. I will contact her today to see if she has a receipt for the report.  She may have a case, although I doubt the police will take a report, they're likely to say it's a civil matter. Sometimes people are prosecuted for stopping payment on checks or writing bad checks, in my area it can be considered "theft of services." But typically it's people writing multiple bad checks that are prosecuted (not always though). I'd ask her for a receipt that shows she pulled the background check on you, dated before you notified her about your job issues. If she indeed spent the money before you had that conversation, then you should pay her IMO. If she can't show you that she paid for the BG check, then it looks like she's just ripping you off and you might be able to make a better argument that you don't owe it. But you will still be taking that position at some legal risk the police will take a report, or that she'll sue you in small claims court and you've got the hassle of responding and defending yourself there. Plus, good luck trying to rent an apartment with a landlord suing you in California. I'd probably pay it just to be done with it. Make sure you are more clear about your situation before applying for apartments going forward.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.