 PA resident here. We cancelled a buyer's agreement contract with a realtor 9/30/16. Before cancelling the arrangement, we spoke with a realtor relative that said cancellations happen all of the time and there's no need to worry - just to request the cancellation form. On 2/21/17, we signed an agreement to buy new construction with another agent. Original realtor did meet us and the builder at this development in late August 2016, but we weren't financially or logistically ready to buy. This week, we received an email from the original agent that she and her manager want a 10 minute phone call with us regarding the buyers agreement. I'm concerned that they're trying to have us compensate original agent since she was with us for one meeting at the new home location. Do we do this call? Do we need an attorney? Do they even have any recourse when it's been over 2 years? You say new agent instead of new realtor. This makes me think you bought it directly from the property owner or builder/owner of the property the realtor introduced you to. If that’s the case realtor probably has a claim... Thank you both for your responses. I reviewed the contract and think they're kind of grasping at straws. If they attempt suing, I'll contact an attorney, but I don't think it will get that far. Hindsight is 20/20, but you're right! We managed to sell our previous home by owner and both parties had an attorney- smoothest transaction ever. Thank you for a very concise response! I'm going to decline the meeting, no benefit in it for me and if they're serious, they can contact me by official mail instead of a random email. Thank you for the info. In looking at the contract, I think you're right - that they're just hoping they can try and get some money.  None of the commission information was completed, she left it all blank. That section does state that buyer would have to pay commission if buyer is not with another agent at time of purchase. I think both of us can read and interpret it either way. I think she's just looking at her year end sales and hoping to make a couple extra bucks. If you're buying property you should have an attorney anyway. This situation is just one reason why. [removed] No is a complete sentence. You only need a lawyer if you’re sued. Being threatened with being sued is not being sued. You should decline the meeting. If the original agent has a claim to commission through procuring cause that's between their brokerage and the builder (or between their brokerage and the new agents brokerage), not you. That said, review the buyer agency agreement you signed with that first agent and have an attorney review just to put a nail in it. I'm not seeing anything that suggests they have a claim. They're reaching out to see if you'll pay out of naïveté just like collection agencies calling on a dead relatives debt that they want you to pay for. Good luck Source: NC Broker If you visited a new construction development with that realtor and followed their process to register/sign-in with the agent, the builder should pay the agent their commission. They probably didn't and now the agent is going to try to get it from you. Depending on what your contract at the time stated, they may have a valid case. Did the builder pay your new agent a commission or did you not have an agent representing you at all during the new build? Whether they will pursue this is hard to predict. But realistically you have nothing to gain by talking to them. They are probably going to threaten you with something like, the commission should be $5,000 so they're willing to settle for half, something like that. They probably don't want to go to court. I'd decline to talk to them, and ignore any communication unless you are served with legal papers. You could go talk to a real estate attorney, to get an idea if their legal standing is solid enough that they'd likely win, and you should settle. You could probably look up the realty firm in local court records and see if they have a history of suing people. I'm guessing it's pretty rare, and the odds are in your favor here. My source on that is having worked as an agent and seem LOTS of people screwed over by buyers, no one I am aware of ever actually sued. The only thing that might change my advice is that if you feel the agent failed in their fiduciary duty to you and that is why you fired them, you might be able to make a counter-threat that you'll file a complaint with the licensing board. Would have to be a pretty serious infraction regarding money, not that they were flaky about returning calls or whatever.  Especially since there was a contract in place at the time. I would read through the buyers agreement they previously signed and see what it says about compensation in these cases. If they had just fired the agent and gone a different direction altogether (i.e. no properties/ builders previously shown), they would likely be in the clear. What does the buyers agreement that you signed say about commissions after cancellation? If the fired agent was the one who initially showed you this development and introduced you to the builder, they may very well have a valid procuring cause claim. 