 I am living in a 4 bedroom house with roommates where we all signed separate leases. We each pay for our own room and split the utilities. My first lease was a one year agreement from 08/17 to 08/18. I signed a lease agreement when first moving in. I decided to stay for another year, so I’m still here now, but the landlord never asked me to sign another lease agreement. We just spoke one time and I confirmed I wouldn’t be moving out after the year came to an end. In the original agreement, it states I would owe a $1,000 fee upon breaking the contract and moving out. So since I never signed another one, if I wanted to move out before 08/19, would I be able to do so without being forced to pay that fee? Note: I haven’t spoken to my landlord about this yet, as this is still a preliminary idea. In the state of GA.  [removed] Thank you!  It does not auto-renew. The lease was made only for the 12 months of 08/17 to 08/18.  If the landlord continued to accept payment, you are now in a tenancy-at-will. In order to quit, you most provide a 30 day notice. If the landlord intends to quit or change the terms, they must provide a 60 day notice.  Read the lease. Does it say it auto-renews as month to month or as an annual lease? If it auto-renews as an annual lease, you owe the early lease buy out fee. If month to month, or says nothing, it is generally considered month to month,. In which case, 30 day notice, usually runs from the 1st of a month, if you give notice today, you owe January but perhaps nothing else. Does your lease say anything about autorenewal? If not, you are a month to month tenant and you can give 30 days notice to terminate your rental. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.