 I own a small-medium sized business (25 employees) We’ve ordered custom pens from a certain company twice before, about 6 months since the last order they apprently called the office to see if we wanted to order more. I found out about this when we get a shipment of pens today, with an invoice of $1300. To be honest I was annoyed since I didnt approve the order (they were able to get me 20% discount by working with them on the phone last time, but thats not something I’d be too upset about). The worst part is that the imprint on the pens are not the custom design I gave them when I ordered last time, instead they are a super generic name+ phone number, without our logo or anything. I do digging and apparently one of our newest employees picked up the phone call from this company, saw we were low on pens and talked to them (I understand she was trying to help, if anything I appreciate the initiave). From what the company is saying she “authorized” the order and simpler design. Apparently they have a recorded confirmation that they wont let me listen to, but they quote phrases that she would say. From what I asked them they didnt even have her name nor did they ask WHO she was and with what authority she’s placing an order. We record all of our phone calls and I tried to ask them atleast the time that the phonecall or recording was made so that I could look it up but they refused to give it to me. I asked the employee, she said they didnt tell her the price, they just asked her what color ink and what color pen. She says she didnt tell them to remove the logo, and she says she doesnt remember much of it. I suspect she may be lying to save face, and I don’t necessarily think its her fault. I called and they are not accepting a return and are saying I’m responsible for the amount since an employee “authorized” the order. Mind you only MY name and MY rmails is on the account, but the main office number is listed as the phone. They said if I dont pay it it would go to collections. This doesnt sit right with me. Its really not about the money, its about the principle. This feels predatory and I feel like I’m being scammed. The employees know that they’re not supposed to authorize orders BUT even if they did shouldnt the company have some form of security against this? at least ask WHO she is in relation to the company? I mean imagine if someone calls your house, talks to your kid, they dont do any kind of security or ask if the person speaking has authority to make an order and they get the kid “authorize” the order, then stick the invoice in the box and have the parent pay for it. They scheduled a superviser to call me back later today. Is what they did wrong. My lawyer is out of town and I’ll probably call him depending on what the supervisor says. I also understand the new employee is at some fault here as well. I will talk to her more but I really dont think she deserves severe punishment though bc like I said it seems like they were just looking to take advantage of someone. You’re getting some excellent advice here, but reading though all the details and replies, one thing I don’t see clearly explained is the recording you have on your end. You said the supplier doesn’t recall the timeframe of the call (which sounds to me like absolute garbage as a business owner myself), but one thing I’m not seeing is what date and time your employee says this call occurred. Your employee can’t narrow this down at all so you can listen to the call and determine what happened yourself? You either have an untrustworthy supplier or an untrustworthy employee on your hands. You are in a unique position here because you can actually listen to this call. Does your employee know when the call occurred?  The times that this has happened with my company, we didn't need a lawyer. Calling them and making it crystal clear that we're not paying their ridiculous invoice, and that we aren't planning on using the product, got them to accept the return. We also made it clear that they would be paying for the shipping to return the product. You just have to be adamant with these companies.  One major question. Has the shipment been opened/pens been distributed to any employees? If so, you need to get all the pens back asap and close up the box. This is a very common scam. I have had this happen to me before with the company I work for/manage. Some supply company will call and will try to buddy up to you, ask you about supply needs, try and get your address, and will just send some stuff to you along with an invoice for an outrageous amount. What we did when this happened was called the company, told them that we didn't order it (or in your case, tell them that the person that made the order did not have the authority to do so), and that if they want their product back, they could send us a prepaid shipping label with a tracking number. They tried to put up a fight at first, but once it was made clear that we would pay, they sent us a shipping label right away. You just need to be absolutely clear that you did not authorize this product, that you do not intend to open/use the product, you absolutely will not pay for the product, and that if they want it back, they need to send you a shipping label AT THEIR COST. They'll try and get you to pay for the shipping label, but don't let them get a single penny out of you.  I would contact the company and tell them she was not authorized to place the order and they can have the pens back (they pay for shipping). The vendor doesn't determine who is authorized, the company determines it. Unless they have a signed Purchase Order signed contract by someone the company has authorized, you will not pay it. They can sue you. If they do, speak to an attorney. If it's small claims, show up with your notes, and contract you have with them and the employee who is the authorized to make purchases (you should pay thus employee for their time) .  Well, it sounds like they weren't able to provide any evidence that it was authorized. Them saying it was authorized isn't evidence that it was. If they can't show it was authorized, then I would assume that it's not and not pay until they do. They won't be very successful collecting it if they can't prove that it's legitimate. Bingo. Came here to mention this...the design should at least match last order! "But your Walmart Janitor confirmed these here legal document saying you owe me 10 billion dollars!" Sue the fraudulent shits, they blatantly failed to meet the contract/deal between y'all. The recording is nothing more than a bluff that you can easily get when your lawyer demands it. If your worker claimed to be soandso and sabotaged the deal/business go after her if the recording proves it (which is very unlikely.) If you record all of your calls, do you have associated reporting software? If so, you might be able to pinpoint your employee’s recording through looking up the other companies phone number in your incoming reporting logs. Sometimes in software land someone messes up and it costs millions. A good company sets up safeguards so someone can't make that mistake again. An okay company treats it like a learning experience for that individual and sometimes someone else makes the same mistake later. A bad company fires the individual involved, leading to people being afraid to do their jobs and leads to a huge drop in moral.  If the company claims they have a recording, but won't let you hear, why won't they? (because they're lying) Standard practice in the promotional products industry is to require clients to sign off on the artwork. Even the most basic text. If what they sent doesn't match the approval, you return it and don't pay for it. If you otherwise have had a good relationship with this vendor, call the sales manager and see if they'll handle it properly. Otherwise let your lawyer do the talking and blacklist the vendor. I wouldn't assume the employee is lying until I'd heard the recording. If the pen company says it has the recording but refuses to share it with you, that seems like a sign that it might not contain what they claim it contains (assuming it even exists in the first place).  I wouldn't recommend that. Personally, I would mail the pens back along with a strongly worded letter on my lawyer's letterhead with words like "fraud" and "theft by deception" sprinkled throughout. These companies prey on people paying out without a fuss. They aren't generally going to risk their business model by going through discovery and risk their deceptive practices coming to light or pay legal fees for a case they are likely to lose. It's super common in fast food and other small businesses. Several franchises where I used to work got hit. They'd just show up, with a box containing about $8 worth of great value light bulbs and set it on the counter like a delivery, hand an invoice with a clipboard to a random employee for a signature, and then invoice the company for $200 a month later with a very official sounding business name. With all the little invoices for things going through the pipeline, several of these got paid before anyone noticed what was happening.  It is common practice to require a PO number on any orders billed to account. More common than accepting orders from whoever answers the phone. IANAL, but if it were me, I would just send the pens back and tell them that I won't be paying for them as I didn't order them and, even if I had ordered them (which again I didn't), they were the wrong ones. They very likely are bluffing. Some companies are not above editing recordings too - they'll ask "Is this ThrowAwayPensOrder Company?" and the employee will respond "Yes," and then they'll edit that "Yes" in later as authorization for an order. Yes I agree. Definitely somewhere in the middle. I’m not going to fire her. If they show me the recording and her recount of the story is false I will talk to her about that. You’re right that she is young, and besides from this and some small mistakes shes a smart and sweet person. In your regular orders did you use a purchase order? Sign off on artwork proofs? Can you reject them for not being your standard approved order? I have placed orders like this before, my advice is to contact the specific rep that is assigned to your company. They usually have a bit more leeway with solving issues, and they are more invested in keeping you as a client. There are many companies that do custom imprinting and they do compete with each other for sales. The truth of what happened is probably somewhere in the middle. Its very likely that neither the employee or the vendor was 100% clear that this was a formal authorized order. Best bet is to cut your loses with this vendor. Pay for the pens and never use their services again and never recommend them to others. I wouldn't fire the poor employee. I'm assuming they are very young in age and work experience. Use this as a learning experience and change your policies. Make sure employees and vendors are clear, in writing, who is authorized to make purchases/place orders.  I've made a ton of mistakes in my years of working, and I can say that the bosses who, instead of firing me or punishing me, took it as a chance to show me where I screwed up and how I can not do that in the future made a big difference in my professional growth. I made an error about 10 years ago on something and it was a semi-big deal at my office. My boss talked me through the whole thing and I did a lot of research into this particular issue and compliance. That led to my current position where I am considered very knowledgeable about that issue and get emails and phone calls asking for guidance. I would never be at this job if I hadn't made that screw up all those years ago. I'm grateful to this day to my old boss for helping me work it out instead of just firing me.  This is exactly what seems to have happened. They know about these kinds of scams but since the company knew my name and we ordered pens from them before I guess she had her guard down. Its still her mistake but I dont think she deserves to be fired like some are suggesting. Thank you for the insight  “authorized” the order and simpler design. Apparently they have a recorded confirmation that they wont let me listen to I'm a stubborn asshole -- and not a lawyer -- so it might not be the best course of action, but if it were me, I'd be flat-out refusing to pay until they provided that recording to prove that the order was legitimately authorized. I work in procurement and at a state agency, so it's always very clear who can and who can not make purchases. However, many years ago as an 18 year old receptionist I took a phone call from a man who said he was the "copier company" and who told me to go read the copier serial number and tell him so he could check on supplies. He was VERY aggressive and I felt off so put him on hold and asked the nice lady in accounting. She filled me in on "paper pirates" and how they would send products and an invoice and count on the accounting department to just pay it. So, it's entirely possible your new employee answered the phone, the vendor asked how many boxes of pens were left and when she/he said "I dunno, maybe two?" they helpfully said they'd send off more and hung up. You've now learned a good lesson for your business that you need an established policy that only designated people are authorized to place orders for your company. Tell all employees that any vendors who call should say "Only John Doe can answer that, here's his number/I'll take a message." And also that this vendor is not someone who is interested in an ongoing relationship with you, if they won't even help you understand how this happened by letting you listen to their record of the transaction.  They can make a decent claim your employee was authorized as others have been pointing out. On their other hand their business model is "hope the customer pays the bill either without realizing it or so we go away" so they may not put up much of a fight if you get your lawyer involved and move on to softer targets. I don't think we know that the employee actually authorized it, and if she did it's likely this company can't prove it. If you're in a state that has adopted the Uniform Commercial Code, this transaction should be governed by it. I would consult with a lawyer and be prepared to send the pens back as non-conforming goods. They will have an argument that since the pens are custom for your company a contract was entered into, but, IMO the non-conformance with the prior order is the better argument than the lack of authorization. So you and your attorney might really want to nail down whether your employee agreed to the modification and the price increase because if not, you really should be able to get out of this -- just my take. This is a very common scam, usually with printing supplies. A lot of the time they will just ask for the name of an employee and the make/model of printer and then just claim the supplies were ordered whether the employee expressly authorized it or not. IANAL but I would demand some kind of proof that you ordered it before you give them a dime--and knowing the name of one of your employees is not enough. It's likely even if she did authorize it, they don't keep the recordings because they're counting on their marks just paying the bill and the recordings could only work against them. No worries, friend. Take care! Right, you have a point. That was a stupid example on my part If someone (not with your company) ordered $10K worth of pens for you, you'd be under no obligation to pay for them. Your employee authorized the purchase in the name of your company. That's almost certainly binding. You can fire the person for doing so, but you won't be off the hook by doing so. Your issue is an internal company problem, to be smoothed out internally as you see fit. Write a policy that no one is permitted to authorize purchases (or purchases over $X), or however you want to operate things, and police the policy. I've been in that position, where I could put the company I work for on the hook for millions of dollars. We were told the internal policy (authorizations and purchasing department), but also told that if we authorized work/purchases without permission, the company would be obligated to pay (and we'd be fired). Yeah. The lying on the employee is definitely inexcusable and will go in her file. I’m sure they’re not bluffing if they have a recording. I’ll guess I’ll try to settle it with the supervisor. I was thinking maybe I can place a large enough order to negotiate with them? Idk. I’m just very frustrated, disappointed in the employee and the company I guess You’re right the employee does definitely have fault. Im not denying that. I guess I just imagined (hoped?) that especially when making something custom and for the first time they would have systems in place to prevent something like this from happening?  Then you can respond by saying, "No one at my company authorized this purchase," and you would be in the right to refuse payment. How are you incapable of seeing the difference between literal fraud and a legitimate employee authorizing an order?  It's not a common business practice to require some kind of verbal password when placing an office supplies order over the phone. If the pen design is very basic (perhaps just some text and a phone number), then it would seem reasonable that an art proof wasn't necisary. So you've got an employee you're not 100% confident about is either accurate or being totally honest vs. a vendor being firm that they have a recording that the employee authorized the order. It's of course your call what you want to do, but if you refuse to pay, my bet is that the vendor will send it to collections with the call recording being used as backup. If/when you speak to a supervisor, I'd ask very politely if there's anyway you can hear the recorded call/order you'd be happy to pay. I don't think you're argument that the employee wasn't authorized to place the order will hold up. What if I had entered the wrong number on their website and some schmuck decided to prank me by order 10k pens? I have dozens of vendors that we do hundreds of thousands in purchasing each year. They always ask me or the employee for an account number or at least who I am. I’ve never had something like this happen Yes we deal with it pretty frequently, and that is the policy, they just didnt make it seem like she was purchasing something They don't need proof. It isn't their job to vet the authority of your employees. They called the number that was provided to them and spoke with an employee who then authorized the sale. It isn't like the spoke to a child; your employee is an adult who is supposed to know what they are authorized to do and what they aren't. This is common for light bulbs and toner too. That happens all the time. I work for a multinational and end up with spam emails and the occasional spam calls trying to sell stuff. Make an internal policy that procurement goes through you.  I completely agree, but in this case what bothers me is they didnt ask for any kind of name or security to verify. Nor (according to the employee) did they discuss the price. As for meeting the specifications, they are saying that the employee “authorized” the design over the phone. There was no art proof (edit: I mean design mockup) or anything like that but they’re taking the phone call description to be enough. I clarified in the OP, the company called us, the employee didnt call them Your employee made an unauthorized $1300 purchase knowing they aren't allowed to make orders, you suspect your employee is lying to you about it, and you still don't want to blame them? This is your employee's fault, and employers are generally responsible for the mistakes their employees make. I'll disagree with /u/swalsh411 here- an agent of your company authorized/placed an order for the pens. Unless you specifically told the vendor they had permission to speak with you only, it's not unreasonable to work with someone else in your organization to place the order, and for them to bill you for it. They didn't coerce your employee to make the order, your employee should have known if they were authorized to place the order or not. I think you better bet would be to tell the vendor that the pens didn't meat the specifications you need, and ask them to replace them with the correct ones at no additional cost. Well the biggest issue here is a rep of your company ordered the pens. That being said you can try your luck in small claims but obviously the rep would be deposed and she would say yes I place the order of pens so pretty sure the judge would side with the pen company. It comes down is the price reasonable for the work and quality of the items. Either way sounds like you should pay and tell everyone to forget their phone number. order is for 1000 pens, they’re pretty good pens. In my previous orders they’ve always been $.60-.80 cents per pen, but this time its much more at a $.99 per pen + fees What is the fair market value of these pens? And yes they were taking advantage of you. Your lawyer can enclose a letter with the return of the pens telling them where to shove it and to never contact your company again.