 I applied for a spousal settlement UK Visa to be with my husband over in England. I'm in Florida. I was told the visa processing time would be 2-3 months. I applied in April and was hoping to hear back in July at most. They responded in July stating that it could take a maximum of 6 months. I have been calling every 15 days since August. Apparently you can only get in touch with the UK Visa Contact Center, which has no direct contact with the persons handling the visas. All they could do is to "escalate the case" every 15 days. Well, I have been hearing back every 15 days or so since August, September, October, November stating that I should continue waiting and waiting. It's definitely been more than 6 months. I have spent about £1.37 per minute for the pass months calling the centers for information and have spent over $300 US on calls alone. It is now December and I would really like to travel to the Caribbean to visit my family as I always do yearly. Is it possible for me to obtain another passport for travel or should I just wait since my other passport is still in processing for the UK visa and could become invalid? Am I able to transfer the visa if I do receive it? I have spoken to a lawyer about getting help with contacting someone directly, however, they stated that all I could do is wait since the application is already in. I'm beginning to think that they lost my application or sold my passport. Please help. If there are any other subreddits that this question would be better suited for, I would appreciate the suggestion. Thanks again.  That's great! I'm glad it all worked out Quick update: Just got out of the Miami Passport Agency. Got approved for my second passport and I will be traveling next week. Thank you SO SO MUCH for the information. Details: Documents required for the second passport- ID/proof of citizenship, second passport statement, DS-11 form NOT DS-82, fees, appropriate passport photos ( got mine done at Walmart and they did not accept it. Had to pay an extra $20 at the center for passport photos). Make appointment for the morning. I was in and out in literally under an hour. The online reviews had me so worried that I paid parking for a full day. Hope this information helps someone out!   ! Indeed. 't tell Donald Haha!   Wow, what a scam! You'd think that government services would be included in tax collection... Don't tell Donald ... he doesn't need any more bright ideas. I don't know if such a thing would even be legal in the US. Sorry to hear about this. I thought that you may not have been aware of cheaper calling options as many are not. :( Thanks for the info!  Second US passports are now issued for four years rather than two.  I think the difference is that, these provide the option for cheaper connection to the UK, however, the $300+ was spent per minute on talking to the agents. You have to put in your credit card information prior to hearing from anyone. I use boss revolution app to connect to the UK for 1.7 cents per minute in addition to the £1.37 per minute talking too the agents.  VOIP through a smart phone or PC app. Calling card through a VOIP company, etc. [localphone.com]() is one good example, and they are a UK company as well. Hi there, Please inform me. I have not a clue?   £1.37 per minute You do realize that there are simple, WAY LESS EXPENSIVE OPTIONS, no? Due to Brexit and the associated rush of applications, the UK visa process is all sorts of screwed up right now and everything is taking forever. It's not just you, unfortunately. As the other poster said, you can easily get a second American passport and you can travel to third countries on either of them. However, there's a catch. You must use your passport with the visa in it to enter and leave the UK (and shouldn't come in on the second one while this one is processing). If you don't, you might wind up with a visitor stamp in one of your passports when you're actually a resident, which could cause you a lot of problems the next time you're stopped at the border and could even lead to losing resident status. Aside from this, you won't have any problems. Enjoy life in the UK - if you need help, the biggest UK immigration community is at immigrationboards.com. Thank you very much for this information. I had no idea that one could have two valid passports from the same country. I will visit the passport center asap with the PDF suggested and required paperwork. Thanks again.   Yes, this is one of the reasons you would be allowed to have two valid US passports. You fill out the standard paperwork and include a "Statement in Support of Application for a Second Passport". Here are some example letters provided by the embassies in the [UK]() and [Turkey](%20ppt%20Signed%20Statement%20by%20App%20re%20need%20for%20Second%20ppt.pdf) (PDFs) [Looks like]() the UK allows it. But the second passport can't be renewed and only lasts for 2 years, so it's probably not worth it You can also generally present an expired passport with a valid visa alongside your valid passport if you ever have future issues with this