 Everything I have read regarding surveillance at work states that it varies by state but that audio recording is a no no due to federal wiretapping laws. I’ve got a pending lawsuits against my employer (I’ve posted here several times, hey it’s me the whistleblower 🙋🏼‍♀️) and I am a breath away from unplugging all of these cameras. I emailed attorney, she is out of office today on vacation. HELP! Arizona  Agreed 😂 just wanted to check.  When you sue your employer it's probably not reasonable to expect to keep working there and feel welcome.  Damn it! 😩 Retaliating SOBs. Thanks you guys!!   Yes. Because outside of the places I mentioned, you are entitled to effectively no expectation of privacy.  I know video recording is legal, but audio too??  It's possible that the company is under no legal obligation to inform you that you're being recorded. The audio recording is something you should bring up with your attorney. It won't matter what any of us here say; what your attorney that's handling your case thinks is the only opinion that matters in light of your upcoming/ongoing litigation. Your attorney is not going to appreciate it if you go off and call the cops on your employer for the audio recording, or unplug a camera because some rando on the internet told you to do it, and doing those things without your attorney's say so could affect your lawsuit. Listen to your attorney and only your attorney.  It's legal except in places like the bathroom (and sometimes a break room). Depending on location, if you have a private office, that may or may not be legal within the office. If you disconnect any of the cameras, you're employer is well within their rights to fire you in almost every version of this scenario.  I notified her. My issue was these were placed after they were notified of my lawsuit. And I haven’t found anything in my employer handbook saying audio recording at work is allowed. There is a statement about privacy with use of computers and electronic devices, but nothing about surveillance at work.  Generally, wiretapping and one/all-party consent laws kick in when one has an expectation of privacy. An argument could be made that you have very little, if any, expectation of privacy at work (outside of places like the bathroom, etc.). If you have pending lawsuits against your employer, you should bring this issue up with the attorney(s) representing you. I would not advise going around and unplugging or interfering with equipment that does not belong to you.