 Hello, Brief description: This is for a credit card that was not paid and put into collections in 2011. In 2015 I was served with a court date, which I answered and requested the original documentation for this debt. The collections agency did not show up for the court date and the case was dismissed without prejudice. In October of this year the lawyer from the collections agency requested another hearing from the court due to them being in an office transition period back in 2015 and was granted another hearing. I attend this new trial, yet they do not appear once more. The clerk states that the case was dismissed and does not let me stay to speak to the judge (he had a huge outburst when I asked if this was a final dismissal and shouted me out of the court room). My question is: Can this collections agency take me to court again, and what are my options to get this dismissed with prejudice (a final dismissal)? Are there any forms I can submit to block them from trying again? This debt is more than 7 years old if it makes any difference. Thank you!  I googled 6 years for debt in New Jersey.  I work for a bankruptcy attorney in NJ. They may be able to take you back to court but I’m not 100% certain. Have you ever considered bankruptcy? That’s a sure way to get rid of them.  I don’t know about New Jersey but in most states it’s 10 years.  Have you checked the Statute of Limitations? Seven years might be long enough for it.  You could file a motion to dismiss for failure to prosecute. While I am not versed in NJ Rules of Civil Procedure, a dismissal for failure to prosecute is generally considered an adjudication on the merits, meaning it would be with prejudice.  Oof. I thought you were referring to the judge. That's not as good if the judge wasnt raging mad. Regardless, I'm sure that if the collectors try to file the suit again there is an extremely low chance that the case will go anywhere close to well for them. You could try to find out about whether the case was final dismissal, but I would suggest not pissing off the judge more since he's already pissed at the other party which bodes well for you. The Court should send out a notice of dismissal in the near future. Check to see if it’s dismissed with or without prejudice then. Or wait a few days and check the case summary on the court website. As for the collection company filing another lawsuit, there’s nothing you can really do to prevent it. The judge had not even entered the room yet. They had the initial sign in, and after an hour the second sign in. If the party was not present during both sign ins, then it is an automatic dismissal. This was the clerk losing his noodle and the judge was not present, nor did I get to see them as I was told to leave after dismissal. I don't understand why the judge would be upset. Is the question about a final dismissal something you shouldn't ask a judge? Was the judge upset about the other party not showing up?  I can see why the clerk refused to let you talk to the judge. He probably wanted to kill someone. I don't think that the collections agency can collect on this debt anymore, but that doesn't really matter because the thing that's really blocking them from trying again is that guy's first and his powers of contempt of court. 