 I filed a lawsuit pro se in federal court. The defendants made a motion for the lawsuit to be dismissed, I sent in my response and now the defendants have sent in their reply to my response. The question I have is that in their reply they brought up more reasons for it to be dismissed. In their initial motion they asked for it to be dismissed based on case law. However they have now raised in their response to my reply that 1. Official immunity 2. Failure to state a claim.....I am wondering can I file a response or can I motion that they can't raise those claims since they failed to do so in their initial filing? The court clerk said that now it goes to the judge, not sure if I can file another motion in the intern to stop them from raising these new claims.  thank you. From looking it over it looked like the inital motion to dismiss was done by a clerk, it was only a couple pages and looked like a lot of copy paste, after I responded I think they got serious their reply to my response was 8 pages long and went into a lot more detail  Again, I’m speaking only to the procedure here and not whether this is in any way likely to work or a good idea. The mechanics would be to file a “Motion for Leave to File a Surreply” and your surreply would be attached as an exhibit and styled as “Plaintiff’s [Proposed] Surreply to Defendant’s Reply to Plaintiff’s Opposition to Defendant’s Motion to Dismiss.” You would likely, depending on local court rules, also need to attach a proposed order, which would be styled as “[Proposed] Order” and would say that leave is granted to file a surreply and also say that the clerk is instructed to docket Plaintiff’s Proposed Surreply as filed. Otherwise you’d then need to follow up the order by actually filing your surreply. In terms of the surreply yourself, you would keep it as short as possible and address only those issues newly raised by the reply. If the only issue is that you want the court to deem the Defendant to have waived affirmative defenses because they were raised in a reply rather than their original motion, you would say that, and you would have to make a legal argument as to why. I suggest you research this issue first to see if there’s any support for such an argument. With all this said, while I’m generally less skittish than many of my peers and think that there are lots of times in State courts that plaintiffs can handle simple claims themselves without an attorney, I would never say the same thing about litigation in Federal court. There are lawyers with years of State court experience that screw up litigation in Federal court. Judges are as patient and accommodating as they can be, but you will still be expected to follow all federal and local rules, and the penalties for non-compliance can be losing your rights to pursue your claim forever.  they did not amend the motion, its their reply to my response to their motion to dismiss. They are basis that the traffic stop was a typical traffic stop made in good faith. My argument was that he had already broadcast over his radio long time prior he intended to stop the car. My job (which I feel I have done) is to prove that the stop was not made in good faith as they so claim.  thank you. Assuming that I filed a Surreply and I got the approval of the court to file one. What would be the heading or what would I be requesting? Is it a Sur-reply motion to prevent defense from requesting that the case be dismissed for the reason not raised in the initial motion?  Typically they are not permitted, there may be local rules, or even a standing order from the specific judge who has the case that addresses it. Normally however if you want to file a surreply you must get leave of the court first. If there are new arguments the court will likely allow it, but its not automatic. Litigating in Federal court without a lawyer is going to be exceedingly difficult. If your claim is for monetary damages, you may be able to find a lawyer to represent you on a contingent fee basis if your claim is strong. They would probably voluntarily dismiss your suit and start over rather than jumping in with your complaint. To answer your specific question, the type of filing you would file to respond to a reply is called a “surreply” and you typically may not file one before obtaining permission from the court. Local rules would determine the procedure. Typically it’s done by filing a short motion for leave to file a surreply explaining the reason you want to file one with your proposed surreply attached as an exhibit. As to whether a court is going to hold that a represented party waived mandatory affirmative defenses raised prior to it filing an answer only because it was in a reply to a pro se litigant’s opposition rather than an independent motion... like I said, you’d be very well served to try and find a lawyer to help you out with this claim. A 12b6 is not normally about damages. You can think of it essentially as the defendant saying “so what, even if the alleged claims are true, I’m is not liable for anything.” By chance did they amend their motion to have it dismissed? If this is the case, then you’d be able to file another reply because it’d be amended and you’d be entitled to respond. There’s a lot of context specific stuff that I’m missing here and so it can make it difficult to see exactly how you should maneuver. I’m not sure how the judge would toss it, but would suspect it’d be dismissed without prejudice, meaning you may just be able to properly file to complaint and bring it again. I’m not 100% sure though, and there may be some fees associated with refiling  And if it does? I think it does state specific damages....I want to get their reply tossed as they failed to bring up the issues mentioned in their original motion to dismiss. Should I wait to file the motion to amend the original complaint after the judge rules or before Rule 27 doesn’t mention replies to replies, and generally speaking I would imagine they are not permitted: but I’d defer to others because I’m not certain. There may also be court specific rules in addition to the FRCP that could govern, which you can get from the clerk In regards to the 12b6, you should have a matter of course amendment, so you should be able to file a motion to amend your original complaint if, in fact, it fails to state a claim upon which relief can be granted 