 Long very complicated somewhat convoluted story ahead I live in NY in income-controlled apartments with my mother and siblings. I recently turned 18 and ive been working for almost a year now. According to the terms of our lease as an adult i have to provide proof of income and sign my name on as a co-head of household, which ive already done Our apartment manager is for lack of a better word, an old crotchety woman who would be overjoyed if every member of my family drops dead. She has her own grudge against every family living in our complex, for me and my mother its because we are severely ill and she believes we bother other tenants and herself with how often emergency services comes to our house. She retires in February and has been seeming to try to threaten to evict us at every turn, a few months ago she called code enforcement on us and reported that we were taking terrible care of the property and she was going to have us evicted asap this ended w the officer ripping up our ticket and saying he wouldn't need to come back out. My mother upon hearing about her wanting to evict us called our social worker sobbing, by the mext day the manager was asking our mother why she felt the need to go calling up other people about our correspondence and saying "im not going to really evict you why do you think that? I just need something done and that got you into action " She has us perform inspections of our house where she comes over w a social worker and checks on the property every couple of months or so, and at the last one she informed my mom that i would now need to start paying 15$ a month to go along w my income in rent and that i would need to backpay the missed rent from when i started working. I was fine with this and asked to be let know how much i owed since she would need to calculate the total amount . All was good, until the last two inspections which had to be rescheduled because my mother was rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery on her pancreas and an appendectomy. The manager seemed really understanding and didn't press the issue, until i got home last night when my mom showed me a note left on our door. I'll take pictures of the note specifically when i get home again, but the gist of it was that im in areers on my rent in the amount of 107$ plus a 16$ late fee. She's giving us three days to pay her the money directly to her or she will serve us with a three days notice. Obviously thats pretty much fucking impossible for us, and my mom goes to school with a former cop who when he heard that i wanted to ask her to let me pay it in cash on friday when i get paid, told her to absolutely not do it and if push comes to shove he will write a check directly to our apartment complex and then i can pay him in cash. So the issue of the money is solved but im still terrified and weirded out. Me and my mom are both new to renting and have no idea if she has any recourse. Theres three kids here and i depend on staying at my job and in this town to go to school and now we're faced with the possibility of being out on the streets in the middle of winter a week before christmas with nothing and having to move to another state to have a roof over our heads with family. What should i do? Should i just let the money go through and wait the 2 months for her to retire, and how can i be sure if i do that she won't claim i owe her even more? Location is upstate new york If this were a normal apartment, the answer is "no, your landlord cannot surprise you with a rent increase and then backdate it." But this being income-controlled, it depends on the terms of the relevant laws or your lease. If your rent is tied to household income, and your household income increases, then you might owe that rent even if your landlord had not yet done the math. It would depend on the language of the lease or the laws involved. Do you have access to that? As to her notice: again, the written lease should specify how such things are to be communicated. Some leases specify that rent increases must be written, some don't. I think the best thing for you would be to find a tenant's advocate of some kind. Are you in NYC, or somewhere else? [removed] Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.