 I believe that we all (victims of medical malpractice) have reached a point where we are sure of negligence and medical malpractice but are unable to obtain legal representation because of the amount of protection our state legislatures have removed from honest tax paying citizens. What can we do to file claims with our medical boards and possible seek judgement on our behalf?  Hire an attorney. One that will tell you that, among other things, state medical boards don't have anything to do with medical malpractice lawsuits.  Yea, step 1: get a lawyer. Step 1a: Be happy you got a lawyer. If you did not follow step 1, proceed to step 2. Step 2: miss some court document, procedure or motion to help build your case. Step 3: belatedly figure out you need a lawyer. Step 4: get a lawyer. Medical Malpractice is very very difficult to prove and litigate. You have a very close to absolute 0 chance of doing this yourself. If a medical malpractice attorney (or several for that matter) don't believe you have a case due to current laws, then those are the facts. You'll need to work to help get the laws changed if you think they're wrong.   If you can't find an attorney to take your case it likely says something about the strength of your case or the financial viability of your case. Financial viability matters as much to you as to an attorney. Malpractice tends to be very expensive to litigate.  Malpractice of any kind is very fact specific and it is unfortunately beyond the scope of this subreddit. If this is a medical question, it is highly recommended to speak with a medical malpractice attorney; your state's bar may be able to refer you to one. They typically work on contingency, meaning there is little up front cost to you. Similarly, consultations are typically free. It wouldn't hurt to meet with one, have them look over your info, and go from there. If this is a question about legal malpractice, you should seek the advice of a second unrelated attorney and/or report the matter to your state bar association" I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.