 I’m currently in a worker’s compensation case in NYC (accident in 2017 and surgeries) and now I must prove my income. I have a lawyer but the Judge is not acting fair and just. I made $1,100 a week while working, but the Judge put me at a default $250 a week until I prove my income, which is unlivable in NYC. Only issue is that I have provided all of my 1099’s from 2017, IRS transcripts, Social Security Reported Income, 1040X tax return, notices from the IRS that I owe from 2017, etc. The judge is requiring a Certified Tax Return from the IRS which I must send $50 each form; I’ve done this 3 times. I have yet to receive the form and the IRS department I want has no way to reach them. Since I haven’t been able to pay rent for 3 months and counting, I’m now facing eviction and/or no renewal of lease in a month unless I pay and my hearing is next month, for the third time regarding this. I have a lawyer as well. I can’t pay my tickets which I used to be able to for driving(now suspended license), rent, bills, etc., as NYC is too expensive. This seems very wrong as the judge still doesn’t believe the IRS has received the tax return(1040x) I provided, yet it states on official IRS materials that they have and all the numbers match on each form I submitted Is this legal? What can I do? I’m literally going to be homeless and this case has brought my credit score from a 750 to a 450.  If the judge is asking for it, you have to provide it. That’s the beginning and end of the meaningful analysis here. You may have grounds to appeal that decision, but none of that will be faster than getting the documents and delivering them to the court.  That everything I submit, all the forms and proof of income, are fine, but the Judge is so adamant about the certified form. But in a court of law I thought what I provided was more than enough evidence. The tax form I submitted signed by my accountant, a signed letter from my accountant stating he did my taxes, the IRS tax transcript, IRS account activity transcript, IRS taxes owed letter and amount owed online, Social Security website saying that I made the same amount in 2017 as the IRS and other forms I submitted to the judge say.  It's the same number for certified copies.  And what does your attorney say about this? Thank you, but that’s the number for a tax transcript which I have already provided the judge. I need the certified copy from the RAIVS team with the certified stamp on it.  I’ve been trying to. I have my tax forms that I submitted to the IRS as well as my tax transcript which shows that it’s valid. The certified tax form, which has a stamp that says certified, is what the judge needs because she doesn’t trust me even though it states on the IRS other official documentation. I sent for the certified form but it takes 75 days and costs $50 each request, but I haven’t received it yet and it’s been more than. They’re useless the IRS You might try calling 800-908-9946. It can take up to 75 days to receive a copy of your tax return. What does your lawyer say when you ask him about this? And why can't you get a copy of your tax forms from last year? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.