 Several months back, I applied and interviewed for an internal position at my company. I was offered the position and took it. My salary was low in the available pay range, because I was not fully qualified for the position and it will definitely challenge me. I took no issue with that and understand that position. Just a couple of days ago, I found out my title was changed with no communication from my management. It is a title demotion with no change in pay. The company reasoning was that hey wanted to restructure title and pay grades to match the rest of the company. I am now in the appropriate salary range for my new title. As a result, my salary growth at the company will be impeded. This situation just does not feel right and I also feel targeted. No one else received the same title demotion that had the same title I had, despite the "restructure" of the pay grades. I am just looking for some thoughts on whether this is appropriate and if I have any recourse.  It could go both ways, and I understand the frustration. I think you should focus on trying to get a promotion sooner, and target negotiating pay close to the middle of the promotion range. If you can swing that, you could be in for a larger pay bump (and sooner). I was just trying to reframe what you described in a way that gives you a potential to come out on top. You already had that title previously, so now you should be at the top of the list for promotion into the title. Ask your boss what it takes, and when the time comes try to get that bigger pay bump. Unless you were likely to get promoted before, you should be targeting how to use this change to get promoted sooner than you otherwise would have. I will have to work on changing my thinking. Thanks for the advice. Part of the issue is transparency from the company. Rumors suggest that being low in your range lends to bigger raises to get you in the middle. I suppose with that logic, once you reach the middle maybe raises slow down. Hopefully it works out to accelerate growth, as you pointed out.  [removed] [removed] Ok. But that doesn't make anything about this illegal. Thanks, any recommendations on appropriate work related subs? Looked briefly but did not see much.  Due to short length of service and the fact that no performance review has been done yet, I do not believe this to be the case. My management is also telling me it is not the case, hence the reasoning provided in original post. It feels like the company just wanted to lower my title so my salary will increase at a slower rate and save them money (along with new hires that come in after me). However, performance reviews will be done in a couple of months and I will get performance feedback at that time if it's the crux of the issue. This is actually standard for large companies, and it's ugh... but not something you should take personally. Large companies are controlled like a sluggish ship, and decisions are made at a high level. It won't give you any warm fuzzies, but they are doing this in order to make it fair to everyone. Imagine if you were hired to work as your new title, and then someone else was hired with less experience and qualifications for your old title, it wouldn't seem fair to you. Anyway, I suggest you take this to one of the work related subs, as it's totally legal. Note: If they reduce your pay significantly, or ask you to sign something, come back here before agreeing or signing anything. You got demoted. It hurts your pride, but maybe this could be a learning opportunity to find out why and improve. There's no legal issue with changing your title, at all. In order for there to be an issue, you'd have to assert some sort of actual damage and likely some illegal form of discrimination.  Your employer is free to give you whatever job title they want. Job titles are not regulated by labor law. Unless you're being targeted due to your race, age, sex, religion, or other protected characteristic, it's generally legal and it sounds like you're being targeted due to your lack of qualifications. Appropriate? Probably not. Legal? Almost certainly. As far as I know, there are no laws regulating title changes in the US. As long as your pay didn't change significantly, this is almost certainly legal.