 Do you understand what Kaiser is or how medical insurance works? You're going to have to approach this on two fronts (maybe three). First, [dispute the debt](http://protectingconsumerrights.com/debt-collection-problems/dealing-with-collectors/disputing-collections/). Then, go directly to the entity that provided the services. Find someone to call. Explain to them that your insurance is demanding a bill directly. Ask for a copy. Be nice. In my experience, these people get it that insurance will try to screw you. If the EMT service is employed by the City, try going to the mayor's office for assistance. Again, call don't email. As far as I am aware, there is no requirement that anyone other than the direct billing entity submit an invoice to insurance in order to be paid. SO, if the insurance keeps refusing to pay, escalate it to the [Department of Insurance](http://www.insurance.ca.gov/01-consumers/101-help/). At the very least, tell them you want an explanation of benefits for this event. Keep a log of the times, dates, and names of everyone you speak with and a summary of the conversation. Finally, I highly recommend cross-posting in r/insurance. They may have better insight on this issue than we do. By "firefighters" I'm going to assume you mean EMTs/paramedics working for the fire department on an ambulance. Yes you are liable to pay them for this service. Whether your insurance will cover it is between you and MediCal, not the 911 agency. You could have declined the service if you chose to. KP is not responsible for your child's medical bills. That is your responsibility.  If the bill has not been submitted to insurance by the medical provider you should ask them for a copy, call the insurance company and ask how you should submit it, and get it done. Some providers do not submit to all insurance and the patient is still responsible for payment of the bill regardless. It is in your best interest to get it figured out and get the bill paid. You should get a copy of the original bill and see if Kaiser will accept it for coverage.  Kaiser insisted the bill come from the city. The city said they would not do that. Then they said it would. Now it is in collections. Has the bill been submitted to Kaiser?  Another user asked me if firefighters double as EMTs in my area. His policy does have first-responder coverage. Is that person trying to tell me that fire fighters are not first responders, per KP tiny print? Then unfortunately, yes. It is one of the worst aspects of our medical system, but patients are responsible for making sure their emergency care is covered. The outpatient staff made a medical judgment that EMTs were necessary (and they might have been, we don't know). If such treatment is not covered under Medi-Cal's Kaiser plan, then it's on you to pay it. But the good news is, as I said above, these kinds of fees can often be negotiated way down. Offer them something much lower than the original bill, like 20%, and see how it goes. Well the kid has a Kaiser policy and Kaiser called 911 because they couldn't handle the situation. So this is suddenly not a medical expense and it's on me? The city refused to send the bill to Kaiser. Then another city rep said they would send the bill. Now it is in collections. I don't know the answer to that question. We live in a pretty heavily populated area. The clinic called 911, not us. Have you submitted his Medi-cal insurance information to the Fire Department and/or EMS provider? KP is not responsible for your bills. They are asking my wife and I for the money, they did manage to figure out that the 4 year old probably wouldn't be able to pay. Do firefighters double as EMTs in your area?  [removed] Why were the firefighters called? He was at an outpatient clinic with pneumonia and they determined he also had hypoglycemia. His blood sugar was so low that the staff panicked and called 911. He has MediCal. Some more details would help you get advice on this sub. What exactly happened? Based on the lack of detail, we can't say whether or not you should owe the bill. But if you do owe it (and you probably do in these scenarios) you can negotiate the payment way down by calling and offering what you can.