 Hello all, Today I was sitting at a coffeshop in a local mall with my girlfriend. We were on a medium-sized couch with two small tables and the outlets. Then I went to use bathroom real quick and when I came back my girlfriend was shouting at a middle-aged woman and the barista was about to call the security. Before I had a chance to interrup my girlfriend stormed off so I walked towards the scene of event to pick up our stuff. The woman was there with her husband and she was furious. They told me that the couch had place for 6 people and when they asked to sit there my girlfriend acted rude, made a scene and then told her the f word. The woman then proceeded to tell me that she would take the camera recordings and sue her. I didn't want things to escalate any further so just told her to calm down and left, right after I picked up my girlfriend's umbrella which the woman hurled forward. Then I listened to my girlfriend's side of the story. She said that the woman and her husband came right after I left and flat out moved my stuff to sit. She kindly told them that the seat was occupied, but they replied "We asked the manager and he let us sit here" and proceeded to unplug her laptop's charger without a word. She told them "My friend will be using that outlet" and again they replied with something like "You can share that one over there. Show some respect to the elders, teenagers like you are this country's problem" That was the final straw before my girlfriend snapped. She told her that she was disgusting and she was the reason we are trying to get the f out of this country. So what I'm asking is how legit is her threat to sue her? Can they even identify someone from the cameras in a mall? And if they do, how would this case result in? I appreciate all the answers. I know this doesn't seem like a big problem but I find it difficult to rest easy at this point. I'm also quite angry but I did my best to keep it together. Sue for what? What exact damage was done to this woman?  I can guarantee that the mall won't give cctv footage to this nut job. There's no law that covers all democratic countries excluding the US, so who knows if any laws have been broken. Most likely not because it sounds like this was a verbal disagreement instead of a physical one. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. That's what I thought... I mean I knew that they had no way of finding us, but the way she said it made me doubt. Anyways thanks for the confirmation Now that put a smile on my face   You will be hearing from my team of attorneys good sir. She won't be wasting much money. No lawyer will pick up the case  Jesus fucking Christ you can't sue someone for saying "fuck" it's called freedom of speech.  She can try to sue, but she will be wasting time and money. What would she be suing for or about when it was a verbal altercation? There isnt really anything she has to go with. Sounds like she said it to scare your girlfriend. Not a lawyer, but if there was no physical contact or anything they don’t really have grounds to sue, they are just jerks and we’re self entitled and think they can’t walk on people  You can't get sued for someone being upset with you. They're blowhards and jerks by the sound of it. Pay them no mind and put this frustrating experience behind you. The holidays bring out the worst in some people. 