 I’m in dire need of legal advice. 2 years ago my relationship with my husband soured. He persisted on us staying together even though I gave him ample opportunity for us to separate. We are both 29. We have an 8 year old son. We agreed to co-parent and live with each other until the lease on our house ends (end of May 2019). I can’t do it anymore. He had proved that he is incompetent trash. He gets plastered every night while I’m alone taking care of our child. I changed my work schedule to make his life easier as I knew he was stressed about not being able to take a break at work. I catered to his every need. He is constantly using the car that’s in my name only, that I insure. His license is even suspended and doesn’t allow me to drive my own car. I almost reported him to police this morning. But I didn’t. The most frustrating thing is him getting blackout drunk every night and not coming home. Since I changed my work schedule, I have to leave my house at 530am to make the bus (notice how I am the one that takes the public transit). His responsibility is to take our child to school at 8:45. My son is NEVER taken to school on time. Sometimes the doesn’t come home until 10AM. My son is alone for almost 5 hours sometimes waiting for his dad to take him to school. I feel sick, physically. I haven’t gotten more than 3 hours a sleep a night because I wake up panicking every night. His black out nights have been going on for 2 months. Cocaine, other drugs, and alcohol for two years. 1.5 years ago he also hit me in the face and snapped my nose in half. I have witnesses and xrays. I don’t know if it’s too late to file a police report? The issue is he is the breadwinner. My job is okay but in no way can I pay the bills alone. Throughout the entirety I our marriage all bills and credit cards were in MY name alone. I did this because at the time he didn’t have credit and he helped pay. Two years ago the money for payments went to drugs. I defaulted in every credit card now I’m in the process of bankruptcy. He used those credit cards. We used those on our child. Now only I am accountable. I’m worried. I want to leave. I feel sick. I don’t know how to leave, I have no money. My credit is trashed. I can’t stay. I have no family. No friends would take me and my child in. I don’t know what to do. Next time he comes home, be ready to leave, with your son, in your car, as soon as he's asleep. Pack a getaway bag including any important documents and hide it so you can grab it and go. Strongly consider going to a women's shelter as suggested. They have numerous resources for local legal aid to help you with figuring out how to get spousal support if available in your location (I can't seem to find it) and file for divorce/child support, find a place to live because you really shouldn't go back there, help you get state aid, counseling for you and your son, etc. It's not too late to report him to the police for breaking your nose. If he calls/texts threatening you for leaving, report that to the police too. I hope you get out. You don't deserve to put up with this and neither does your son. Things might be really hard for a while but that'll be temporary and you'll both come through this much better off. You might want to also find him mental help assistance and see if there AA meetings he can attend and leave it on the table. You did love him at some point so don't forget that as well. There are worse fathers unfortunately. See if you have a family member that can help or a friend in the interim. Whom you trust and can leave your child with. Or seek advice from the teachers at the school, perhaps they have guidance counsellors for parents. It may be best for you to go to a women's shelter for a few days. If everything is in your name, you can ask him to leave and have the police escort him out with his things. Being at a shelter keeps you and your child from coming into any contact with him should he be angry, and I guarantee he will be. You can apply for emergency assistance from your state job and family services department (welfare). I left an incredibly physically abusive relationship 6 years ago. I tried to end it and he got more violent than usual. I took my kid and my car and the clothes on our backs. We stayed for 4 nights in a women's shelter, and I was granted an emergency lump sum from the welfare department in order to find housing for us. I have debt up to my eyes because of him and that can be hard to swallow but it's better than being under his fist. Whatever you do, be careful. Put distance between you two when you end things. If you decide to have the police escort him, call your city's nonemergency number. Tell them you're kicking your husband out, he has a history of violence and you would like an officer to be present when he gets his stuff. 