 Hey all. As the title implies, I was hit with a misdemeanor traffic offense about 4-5 months ago and just recently received my “plea bargain” from the city attorney and was trying to get some insight. To sum everything up I recently moved to Arizona about a year and a half ago and of course changed my license immediately with the local Motor Vehicle Division. Very quick process and was in and out within 20 minutes with everything signed, photo taken, and paper copy of my license in hand. Fast forward about a year and I’m out on my late night Taco Bell run and my California habits kick back in and I roll through a stop sign at a solid 3mph after a 2 second press of the brakes into an absolutely dead cross street. Of course on that night the Sheriff is at the night stop over and pulls me over immediately. Traffic stop happens and he let’s me slide on the stop sign roll but hits me with a misdemeanor because of an incorrect restriction on my license that states I can’t be driving at night which is absolutely incorrect. Luckily I’m off of work the following morning and go fix it the very next day with the MVD. Three lovely wasted trips to the courthouse and a scheduled bench trial later, and the MVD FINALLY sends over my driving record to the county attorney who offers up a plea agreement that would have me plead guilty to the misdemeanor and pay a $112 court fee. Now keep in mind I’ve never dealt with any court proceedings in my life other than a speeding ticket many years ago when I was 18, so during my three court trips I denied a court appointed lawyer each time because I thought it’d be a simple explanation of mistaken paperwork on the MVD’s side. But now after some additional thought and scheduling a bench trial for January, I feel as if my only option is just to take the misdemeanor hit since I signed all the MVD paperwork saying everything was fine and didn’t notice the error. But of course my concern is how it’ll affect my insurance, for how long, and if this misdemeanor will affect anything beyond just my insurance premium. Any insight or experience would be appreciated. Thanks for your time.  I was never informed as to why the restriction was there. The young lady at the MVD just chalked it up as a clerical error and sorted me out a new license. As far as me being responsible for what’s on my license I 100% agree, which is why after some additional time to think I was leaning towards taking the plea to be done with it. The only other reason I turned down a public defender was because I was under the impression I make too much to qualify for one, but definitely don’t make enough to hire my own.  Were you informed why the restriction was there? From what you're saying, its not clear that this was an error. Now, its your responsibility to know what's on your license. Even if it was an error, you should have known that was there and had it corrected. So, technically, you broke the law. Clearly the intent of the law is to prevent people with legitimate restrictions from operating a motor vehicle in violation of them. I would, at the very least, ask for a public defender to help sort this out. Honestly I don’t recall taking a vision test my first go around unfortunately. The restriction was listed on the physical AZ license and I did not notice until the Sheriff brought it to my attention the night of the stop.  Ok, so did you not take a vision test before? Was the restriction listed on your physical license?  Yep, went the very next day and took a vision test and received my corrected license. Went ahead and updated my post, thank you.  Has the error been corrected? That's going to be a big part of the response here. 