 Good Morning! A few weeks ago I was trying to get out a tight parking spot with my truck and my hitch tapped the front bumper of a coworker of mine. It cracked the front bumper cover right where the screw hole is for the license plate. Naturally, not wanting to be a scum bag I tracked the guy down and owned up to it. There was no police record made and the guy went back to work saying he'd get a quote for it. We also never technically documented the incident besides exchanging numbers. Fast forward to yesterday and I receive an email with the invoice. It's quoted $2000 for the replacement of the bumper cover AND the grille for a 2015 Subaru Crosstrek. I went back to the pictures I took of the damage and there is absolutely no damage to the grille. The only [damage]() was where the hitch tapped. This is the [invoice]() . I have no problem paying for the damage that I incurred, but I feel like they're trying to take advantage of me. I am trying to avoid going through insurance because I am afraid that my increased rate will outweigh the price I would pay initially. What are my options? Ask for another estimate? Call subaru and inquire?  You caused the damage a bumpers aren't cheap. This is a realistic cost but you are free to call other shops and see what their estimates range. Maybe you'll get lucky. If you refuse to pay the other driver or his insurance will make a claim on yours or sue you. The fact that there is no police record, or that you “never technically documented“ what happened is irrelevant. Neither of those things matter and you have already admitted that you caused this damage. Insurance companies are experienced in evaluating damage and assessing what the repair cost should be. This is part of the reason you pay for insurance. You can contact the shop that did the estimate and ask why it is so high, or ask to get a second estimate if you don’t want to let your insurance handle.  Bumpers are pretty expensive but the grille should be a totally separate part. If it wasn't damaged there would be no need to replace. Unless they are wanting the colors the match exactly which is excessive IMO. I would call around for another estimate or two. I just had a bumper painted for $450. The amount of labor they're listing on there seems like they're going to totally strip the bumper and repaint from the plastic. Seems excessive to me. 