 My plumbing has been out (mainline is clogged) since Christmas Eve. I called the maintenance line and got a recording saying if it was an emergency, they would call back within 30 min. Wouldn't you know, they never called. Call again this morning so I can actually get someone on the phone, I get a new recording stating that they are closed for the holidays and if it's an emergency they will call back within 60 min... I'm not holding my breath. So I drive to the office to find a notice on their locked door saying their offices are closed 12/21 through 1/2. So I guess I have no plumbing for the next week? Is this legal? What should I do? At this point, you’ve given the LL enough time to respond. Find a plumber that advertises they do sewer clean outs. Call them to come clean out your sewer. Pay them, take photos of what is cleaned out. If the line is plugged with hygiene products, paper towels, toys or anything else that is not bodily waste or roots, you are responsible for the cost. If the line is plugged with roots or is decayed such that it cannot be cleaned out, the owner is responsible. In this case, get a written statement on the bill for the plumber and send a photo copy to the property manager asking to be reimbursed. Root-Rooter is a brand name, look for someone like them. You are not owed anything at this point. The manager has a reasonable time to fix the situation, and if it happened in the afternoon of Christmas Eve, likely no one could be reached. If no call back by the end of today, Dec 26, however, you have every right to help yourself in a reasonable way. In this case you could have hired your own plumber or got a temp rental like an airbnb. Then you could have asked for reimbursement from the landlord. If they refused then you would have to sue in small claims court, but you would win. Legally there has to be working plumbing for a place to be habitable.  Health departments don't play around with this and landlords will take it very serious when any health department gets involved as they have authority to condemn housing and its massive red tape to fight through. Definitely negotiate reduced rent and factor in your time dealing with the situation. Contact the Indiana Board of Health (hopefully they're open). Not having working sanitation is a serious issue and they should have a way to either get it fixed or, as a last resort, help you negotiate reduced rent with your landlord. Sorry, my original post on r/Indianapolis was more clear. I rent a house. Do you own or rent?