 Hi y’all! I'm in Athens, Georgia. A few weeks after I moved in to my current apartment, I got a noise complaint from a neighbor that was pretty valid. Since then, I’ve received multiple noise complaints from the same person. This person has even gone to management, though they didn’t care. I have attempted to contact her but haven’t gotten a response to my knocks. The complaints have ranged from me listening to music in the shower, blowdrying my hair before work, listening to podcasts on my phone while cooking, screaming in shock at a spider (it was big), using a blender in the afternoon, watching TV too loud. I got one about an alarm going off while I wasn’t even in town and I don't own an alarm clock. Most importantly, I have made several good-faith attempts to lessen the amount of noise I make, but it seems that even talking to someone on speakerphone is too loud. I have considered for weeks whether or not I'm the problem and I've asked some of tough-love friends who agree that I'm not. I’ve called the police non-emergency line and straight up asked them if I was doing anything wrong. They say I’m probably not, though obviously couldn’t assure me based off only my account. I’m honestly tired of being paranoid about making any noise in my own home. I’ve considered putting a sign on my door that says something like “Please do not leave notes” to deter her but am unsure how that might pan out. Anyway, I was wondering how I might stop this person from leaving notes on my door? I’m unsure if this qualifies as harassment even though I feel harassed. Are there any steps I could take before litigation? Any advice is appreciated and I can absolutely answer questions. Feel free to let me know if I’m being a sensitive asshole lmao Notes aren't legally binding (at least not in this case), you are under no obligation to do anything about it. It's great that you're trying to be a better neighbor though, kudos for that. Until your landlord/apartment management gets involved, don't worry about it. Me, I'd start a collection of the notes. Once it gets big enough, line them all up nice and pretty, take a picture, and leave a printout of it taped to your neighbor's door. Repeat as the collection gets suitably larger. I don't suggest you do that (don't escalate), but that's just the kind of person I am. I think so but not 100% that’s just the only reasonable complaint I think they might possibly have. The others sound ridiculous.  Wasn't aware that the shower could amplify to my neighbor but that makes sense! Thanks :) Day to day noise is part of apartment living. If they want more quiet time they should get a house. Excessive noise is the only thing they should be complaining about, like parties, blaring music or screaming matches ect. The shower thing is the only thing I read that might be valid bc acoustics in the bathroom possibly amplifying sound ect. 