 Hello, I was forced to break a lease early due to relocating for work. I helped in finding a new tenant for the place and I even paid 10 days of rent to cover when the unit was empty without a new tenant in it. Upon return of the security deposit, I noticed a $600 Lease Cancellation Fee. There is no mention of this fee anywhere in the lease. I contacted the landlord and their response was: 'Typically on a rental lease there is a fee of one months rent to get a new tenant in. Since you cooperated in getting a tenant reasonably soon, we were able to limit the charges to a $600 cancellation fee.' Is this legal? If not what are my options for recouping the money? Should I cash the check that they returned to me first? Thanks! Also, if you do go to small claims, check to see if they did everything else correct on your disposition: 1. They must send you an estimated disposition statement within 21 days of your move-out. You should have received your final disposition and refund within 21 days of the date the unit was re-rented. 2. If they charged you more than $125 for other items, they must provide actual receipts for those with your disposition statement. 3. They can’t withhold for anything considered normal wear and tear. They must prorate painting and carpet charges based on useful life of each. There are a few other rules, but they are less black and white. If they broke any of these rules, it may be easier to get your deposit back due to those rules vs the lease break fee, however you should list them all. The more discrepancies, the stronger your case to the judge. So that is a legal gray area in CA... technically speaking, I don’t believe this qualifies as something a LL is allowed to withhold deposit for, however it could be argued. They would have had to incur those costs at any time your lease ended, so it ending early doesn’t increase their damages. CA is very Tenant friendly and assuming you have your ducks in a row and based on what you’ve laid out, I think they would probably loose in small claims court, but IANL and couldn’t give you odds on this. You could tell them you don’t agree this is legal per California Civil Code Section 1950.5(b) which says what they can keep security deposit for (http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=CIV sectionNum=1950.5.). Then either negotiate a decreased amount or say you are going to small claims court where you will seek double the entire deposit as allowed by 1950.5(l). Note that a full award of this generally requires bad faith on the part of the LL which can be subjective by judge on whether they think charging the fees are “in bad faith” but it’s worth a shot. Note, I recommend not to threaten court unless you are willing to go.  This was her latest response: There is nothing stated in the lease. In order to terminate the lease the tenant is responsible for all costs to bring in a new tenant. That includes commissions and expenses to retain a new candidate. It is very typical in the real estate industry for the fees for a new candidate to equal one months rent, 10% of the total contract, or forfeiture of all deposits. We feel this charge is substantiated and far below what we could have requested.  Thank you so much for the great advice! I will follow the steps you've highlighted and hope for the best. Ok I see, yes than you should not owe a lease break fee unless it is stated in the lease. Depending on how your relationship / interactions with LL have been, you may wish to call and dispute this fee with them before you go to small claims - it could be faster and easier to just deal directly. Ask them politely where in your lease the break fee is because you can’t find it. If they can’t prove it’s in there somewhere, argue that they shouldn’t charge you for something you didn’t agree to up-front. If they can prove it was in your lease, you can still plead your case that you paid the difference already - usually LL’s charger either a break fee OR the vacant rent, but not typically both. You could argue this point too - you will pay the break fee or the vacant rent, but not both. Said another way, you fulfilled the full obligation of the lease since you paid up to the day of the next occupancy. Lease break fees are there to get you out of the lease obligation, but you don’t need that. Your new job doesn’t happen to be active military duty, does it? If so the SCRA applies and they can’t charge a lease break fee. Don’t try to fake this though, it is easily verifiable. But if it is, this will help you a ton. If you do chose small claims, check into your local legal aid - they will have resources to help you structure your case. I already paid the total of missing rent. The apartment was without rent for 10 days and I paid this complete pro-rated amount separate from the security deposit. The $600 'Lease Cancellation Fee' is really out of nowhere. There is no mention anywhere in the lease about such a Fee and doesn't mention any additional fees for early termination aside from the lease amount itself (obviously). I'm tempted to escalate this to small claims court but I'm worried that they might create a counter suit based on something frivolous to make me go away (e.g. you had to register any guests staying longer than 3 days at the apartment and my gf would come in town and stay a week without me saying anything. Not sure how they could prove this but still...) It reads to me like the unit was occupied by the new tenant on day 11. 15. Locks and Keys; Tenant may not change or add any lock to the apartment, storage space, or garage, without obtaining Landlord's prior written consent and without providing Landlord with a key to the changed or added lock. California LL here. Lease break fees are supposed to be in the Lease or any renewals/addenda. They cannot make these up on the fly. If not specified, you are responsible for the full amount of the lease until the end date, or the unit is re-rented - whichever comes first. This means tenants can be on the hook for months of rent if not re-rented. So calculate the number of days from when you last paid rent through to the day before it was re-rented, then multiply it by your daily rent (monthly rent / 30). If that number is higher than $600, you got a deal, if less then you are owed more security deposit back. Make sure to give yourself credit for the 10 days you say you already paid. Example: you returned keys to LL on 11/30, paid for an additional 10 days (through 12/10) and it resented on 12/25. You owe 15 days rent. If your rent was $1600/mo your daily rate is $53.33 and 1/3. For 15 days that’s $800. In this example, you are happy they charged you a lease break fee of $600 because it’s less than the rent you owed. If you want to dispute the refund, you can still cash the check. You must take them to small claims court (no attorneys). If you win, you are entitled up to double the security deposit as damages. Hope this helps, merry Christmas, and good luck! What is paragraph 15? There is no mention of early termination. This is the only section that would relate to that: Holdover And Restricted Termination; Any holding over after the Original Term of this agreement expires, with the Landlord’s consent, shall create a month-to-month tenancy which either party may terminate as hereafter specified, except that Tenant may not voluntarily terminate this tenancy during the period from November 1 through January 31 of any year. Either party may otherwise terminate (after the Original Term) the tenancy by giving written notice of, to the other, in accordance with the notices provision in paragraph 15, at least 30 days prior to the intended termination date subject to the restriction in the prior sentence. Upon Landlord or Tenant notice of termination, Tenant agrees to allow a lock box to be placed on the unit and to cooperate to show the premises to potential tenants. Is there anything at all about an early termination fee? Not the fee you speak of but in general a fee for ending the lease early. It is usually worded in some confusing legal jargon. If this rentor has no early term clause, everyone would be renting and leaving. I've read it up and down a dozen times and there's nothing about this fee. The lease has all the legal jargon on what can and cannot be charged. I highly doubt the lease has no early termination clause in it.  Doesn't sound too legal if it's not in your contract. You found a replacement tenant so they aren't losing money. I don't understand how they could charge you for this. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.