 I live in Lafayette, IN. I rented a carport in my apartment. However, the apartment was sold to another management company, and the new company said they "did not receive any documentation regarding future carport reservations." They sent out a letter to all tenants on 11/26, saying we should contact them if we wish to park in the carport, and then posted a sign on our car on 12/5. However, I was out of town during that period, and they towed our car from the carport on 12/7. I did mention my absence to the previous company, but not the current one. I have contacted them several times but they have refused to refund the towing fee, as well as the carport fee for December. I am not sure but I believe the towing is illegal as they need a 30-day notice to change the lease, and it is stated in the lease that I am renting a carport. If I take them to the small-claim court, will I have a case? Will I be able to also ask for court/attorney fees? What are some possible ways to proceed? I cannot find a rental board or similar for Indiana, but maybe I simply missed it. Are there other non-profit organization or government department that will deal with this? Also, is it a good idea to take legal actions now or should I wait until my current lease is up and I have moved out? That's a good point regarding documents. I thought they would certainly have a copy of the lease and checked them, but I guess you're right that they probably won't bother unless I put it in front of their nose. IANAL so I can't speak to that. I do have experience in resolving issues in writing. In my case it's various types of issues in regards to health care and health insurance, but I can tell you I have absolutely stopped someone in their tracks by being able to pin point when they received documents and who they signed for them.  Thanks for the input, I will do this before filing against them in small claims court. On a side note, I always thought that email should hold the same legal power as a mail (provided that you can show they "received" it, e.g. getting a reply), but apparently, that's not the case? I already picked up the car as I needed it. The one thing I'm worried is that the license plate noted in my lease was my old one, but as the lease didn't say anything about "car parked in the carport needs to be registered with the management", I think I should be fine. Send these certified. If they are claiming they didn't bother to review a lease then I'd assume they would ignore a letter. If they deny your request to pay for the tow, then you can pay for it yourself, and then sue the property management company in small claims for the cost. They didn't "receive" them because they already had them, in your lease. They're fucked.  Take action now. Provide a copy of the lease with the carport addendum to the management company, along with a receipt for the paid towing and any storage fees. Request reimbursement for the fees, since you had paid for the ability to park in the carport, as shown in the lease agreement and rent payments for November and December. State that you expect reimbursement within 10 days. The new management company is required to follow the lease set by the prior company until the expiration date of the existing lease agreement. If you don’t get a response for your expenses, send another letter requesting reimbursement with your documentation again, and if you still don’t get a response, then file against them in small claims court.  Thanks for your input. That's exactly what I thought, and it's good to have it confirmed by other people, as I have no background in law.  Yes, it is stated in the addendum of the lease that we have a carport rented. Thanks for your advice! Do you have a copy of the lease saying that you get a spot in the car port? If so, maybe take them to small claims court. I don’t know if there’s a statue of limitations on this sort of thing, if so then sooner is better.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.