 Location: Michigan I left my last living situation in the past week. I had given my roommates 30 day warning on Dec 1st, rent paid up, etc, everything about that is fine. A few weeks later, Roommate 1 (R1) asked, via text, that she would like me return two gifts she gave me up to a year ago (a custom yarn doll and a hand-made blanket) before I left. I did not reply to the text and left that day, worried she'd escalate and ask for more things she does not own. Once moved (the next day) I sent her a straightforward (non-insulting) text saying I would pay her back for a vet bill (215USD) by [date] and to not contact me or have others contact me by any means except to confirm payment delivered. She immediately sent me a text saying she intended to contact my father for payment and that she has proof of payment for the doll and the materials for the blanket and will get a "third party" involved if I did not leave the doll and blanket on the porch within 2 weeks. She had my ex-partner (R2) contact my father who ignored and blocked her on Facebook. Based on advice I was already given by a reliable source, I am going to be bringing this stuff to the police to start documenting harassment in case R1 tries anything else. As far as I've been told, I am not legally obligated to pay the vet bill (I surrendered the cat to R1 and the deal was not in writing) though I intend to pay it out of good will. I worry about the gifts. I will not return them, they are my property and the doll is a comfort item for me (I'm autistic). Even if she took me to court over these items (valued under 100USD together) I would not think she would not have much of a case? What should I have as proof it's mine in a civil case? I have two social media posts including pictures of the doll, one linking to R1's account to thank her for the Christmas gift. The images contain unique items I still own if I needed to prove the images are mine. Would this be useful? Idk man she's pretty crazy. She's still sending me texts using her relatives (a police officers and defense lawyer) as attempted leverage. I could see her trying lol, don't see her winning.  Threatening to sue is to filing suit as buying a diet book is to losing weight. Everybody does the former, very few do the latter; and most especially the ones who do the latter are rarely those who do the former. Ah ty! :) that makes me feel a lot better. I didn't know she couldn't reclaim the items themselves. I have no intentions of giving her more money unless I have to but at least the doll is mine for good. She absolutely does not have an extra several thousand to go to proper court. As funny of a court case that would be... Seriously, don't worry about it. If your ex-roommate calls the police they will explain to her that an argument over who owns property is not criminal and has nothing to do with them. Your ex-roommate could sue you for the value of the items in small claims, but all she could win is the monetary value of the items, even if she did win, which is most unlikely. She cannot sue in small claims for the items themselves. So her only option is regular court, for which she would need to pay thousands of dollars. She doesn't seem like a person with thousands of dollars to waste not getting her presents back.