 Note: I live in Ohio So I have A LOT of health issues, and I go to school the best I can but with all the issues I have it's very tough. I have doctors notes for most if not all the times I;ve been ill. I went to court today and they started and the judge asked if I would like to be appointed a lawyer (Because my family does not have enough money to get one ourselves) so I said yes immediately. Then the judge says that I have to go get paperwork and they will appoint one for me. so the session ends me and my mother go get the paperwork, and then turn it in so now my court appointment is somewhere in January. I am so worried what I should do my mom said plead guilty and then try to explain my health issues to them, but like I said I have A LOT of them and most people don't understand how bad they are. for instance I went to school Monday last week and ended up having to be taken to the hospital via ambulance because they thought I was having a seizure. Since it's hard for me to go to school on a regular basis the school decided for me to do some kind of homeschooling but it's like still involved in the school itself I just stay home and do the work on the computer (We just started that yesterday.) I really don't know what to do like I said I have doctor notes for almost if not all the days I didn't go and I just started the online schooling, but I still am afraid what's going to happen if I end up going to juvenile detention or if it's just a fine. I don't know if I should plead guilty or innocent since explaining my health issues is gonna be a mess in its self. Is there any way I can just get out of this huge mess or do I have to just suck it up and deal with it? Don't listen to your mother in this case, listen to the lawyer. IANAL but I can't imagine why you'd plead guilty for what I'm assuming is truancy if you have a documented medical reason for missing school with doctors notes to back it up. But again, I'm not a lawyer. Finish the process of getting the lawyer, and go with what they say. THey can fully examine your situation and have a dramatically better understanding of the law and how you fit into it, and what the best thing for you is. I just got offered the home-based education yesterday, but it goes into affect today, and yes I am going to court for missing to school. I do have a 404 in-placed at school which reduces the work load, but since I hardly ever go to school it really doesn't help. Edit1: The first week or two of the school year went fine, but as the year progressed I just got more and more ill. I have been taken to the emergency room four times in a matter of two months. Due to issues with my hear and the seizure.  My guess would be Truancy, but we didn't even make it that far in the court. The judge just said would you like to be appointed an attorney, and I immediately said yes. They then just sent us out to get paperwork and we were on our way back home.  If you are unable to go to school, the district must offer you home-based education. It seems like that's what they're doing. Have you been participating fully? And you are not clear. Are you going to court over missing school? Typically, if it gets to that point, the school has offered interventions and assistance. What has led up to this? Your mother is NOT an attorney and you should not listen to her very bad legal advice. She has no idea what the best plea is, and she's foolish to assume she does and enforce that on her child. Your attorney will tell you how to plead and do all the explaining.  Your mother, unless she is a lawyer, is not a law expert. The expert would be the court appointed lawyer. You should speak to them and listen to their advice. Your mother may mean well, but since she doesn't know the intricacies of the youth justice system, it's best to go with the advice of the people who deal with this regularly. What are you going to court for? Truancy? You're going to get a lawyer. Let them evaluate your case and help you come to a decision. I know your mother is trying to help you but the lawyer will know more about the law than your mother. 