 We live in India. My sister got married(arranged) in April 2013 and had her first kid in 2014. Since the beginning of her marriage my BIL has subjected her to various forms of mental and physical abuse. She had another kid in 2016 who was born with a congenital disease and died in 2017. Throughout this time my BIL put her under stress and constantly fought with her, including kicking her while they were in the hospital. She made some treatment related decision without consulting him first (of their dying daughter who apparently was not worth enough for him to spend money on so as to ease her suffering). He was also physically abusing her at this time and my sister attempted suicide once. My parents and a few relatives went and bought my sister home. This was a few months before my niece's death and we filed a police complaint(this included her earlier suicide attempt). After my niece passed away, my BIL begged for forgiveness and moved out of his parents house and bought an apartment for him and my sister(the mother in law also is a special kind of evil who was making sure my sister and her own son won't stay happy together). My sister forgave him partly because of my fathers lack of support and partly because she thought he'd changed. Things haven't been too good since then either but today my mother received a call with my sister and 4 year old nephew balling their eyes out. My brother in law has hit both of them and locked them in the apartment. As of now my cousins are gone to pick her up and bring her here but I'm afraid everyone would just "talk it out", make fake apologies and she'll be right back in that hell. I need some legal advice as to how we can proceed with this so that that whole family gets the punishment they deserve. If I've left out some important details please comment that below too.  Thank you for your response. I've read more on my country's laws and I will talk to my sister soon and try to build up her confidence for this.  Thank you for your reply, I really appreciate it. Thankfully my relatives have taken her straight to the police. My nephew is at home with us. Hopefully this will finally end in a divorce this time.  I'm sorry your sister is going through that, and that you have to see it happen to someone you love. That's really, really hard, and it's commendable that you want to help her. Unfortunately, law is a practice of specifics, and it varies greatly from place to place. This sub is great for US and Canadian law, but it won't be much help for you in India. Can you google any local domestic violence resources? Just 'NameOfTown domestic violence support' ? Most domestic violence shelters or support groups should be able to help connect you with local help and resources. Best wishes to you and your sister. You will have better luck posting on a local subreddit. The vast majority of users here are in the US.  Any information would be of help. I'm a teenager and I'm trying to find as much relevant information on Google but it would be great if someone of legal background can give me a bit direction. I plan on talking to my sister myself tonight because with my parents and relatives, things are not looking good for her.  First of all, I am terribly sorry your sister is in this situation. You need to consult with a family law attorney ASAP. Since her husband hit her and her child (which is horrible), then you need to file a police report quickly. An attorney can then file an emergency custody order coupled with a restraining order to ensure that he cannot have contact with your sister anymore. An attorney can also file the divorce paperwork as well. She needs to get out of this relationship immediately.  I doubt anyone here knows anything about divorce laws in India. 