 A community friend recently lost his family and house to a fire. His wife and son died, but his 4 year old daughter is on life support currently. The doctors are trying to say that they can take her off life support, after 3 days, if she fails a brain test, even though her father is against this choice. Is this legal?   if she fails a brain test, even though her father is against this choice. According to the law, yes they can if she fails the brain function tests because the child is considered legally dead. If she passes and they say further treatment is futile then they would have to go to court. "333.1033 Determination of death; conditions; accepted medical standards; persons authorized to pronounce death of person. Sec. 3. (1) An individual who has sustained either of the following is dead: (a) Irreversible cessation of circulatory and respiratory functions. (b) Irreversible cessation of all functions of the entire brain, including the brain stem. (2) A determination of death shall be made in accordance with accepted medical standards. (3) A physician or registered nurse may pronounce the death of a person in accordance with this act. This subsection does not prohibit a health facility or agency licensed under article 17 of the public health code, Act No. 368 of the Public Acts of 1978, being sections 333.20101 to 333.22260 of the Michigan Compiled Laws, from determining which of its medical personnel may pronounce the death of a person in that health facility or agency." [http://www.legislature.mi.gov/(S(sjgcwcs5ni4h4fh2xjl3aysz)](http://www.legislature.mi.gov/(S(sjgcwcs5ni4h4fh2xjl3aysz))) If she’s brain dead then technically they have the right to do that.  I'm sorry he's in this situation It sounds like they would be declaring the child dead, depending on the test results, in line with the statutes for doing so in Michigan. AFAIK they no longer need family consent, nor a court order, at that point If their argument instead is that further treatment is "futile," they would need a court order They can’t unilaterally decide to do so, but they can petition a judge and get a court order for life support to be removed if the physician and the family cannot agree. Both sides would of course have the opportunity to present their respective arguments prior to an order being handed down. 