 I run a little shop and have been renting from my landlord for a few years. A while back he kind of casually mentioned that the rent might go up by $100, but I never heard anything else so I kept paying the usual amount. I'll admit, I was late a few times on rent (the shop is not really a big money maker) but as it stands, I'm up to date on the rent I owed without any increase. The shop wasn't really making money so I was looking to get out for a while and gave notice that I was ending my lease. Problem is, my landlord then said that actually I'm behind because rent went up like a year ago. I kind of disagreed because I never got anything in writing and now we're on bad terms. So anyways, I show up to collect my things in preparation of my end of tenancy and the locks have been changed. He's not budging and says I owe him money but when I asked what the amount is he doesn't respond. Next, there's a "distress" notice on the door. I was afraid he was going to sell my stuff so I briefly consulted a lawyer (I don't have enough money to fully retain one), and they basically explained that they can't BOTH lock me out (thereby ending the tenancy) AND use their right of distress (because you can only do this to a current tenant or something?). When I explained this to the landlord, suddenly a notice was on the door that locks were only changed for security reasons?? But he won't give me the new keys. Anyways, finally he tells me the amount I'm owing and it says $12000.00 with no explanation. Even if the rent went up by $100/month a year ago, I should only owe $1200.00. I asked for a breakdown of the costs (ie. an official bill) and have been ignored. My stuff is still being held hostage. So anyways, I'm wondering if there's any route I can take to quickly get my stuff back? I understand small claims court is an options but I have no money left for a lawyer to help, and I understand it takes some time. Unfortunately, the lease I had with the landlord is still locked in the shop so I can't even reference it. Is there any way to involve the police and call this theft? (since he's not acting according to the commercial tenancies act by attempting to use both the lockout method and the right of distress?) Is there some sort of sheriff that gets involved in these things like there is for residential tenancies? Anything?  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.