 On 12/09 I went to go sell four games and a special blue controller for the xbox one S after finding the guy he got so close to my window I couldn’t open the door and asked to see the items I said not until I have the money he handed me a bill but I just saw $100 and put it in the cup holder. He checked everything was there then all of a sudden started sprinting. I loooked at the bill and while it looked somewhat ok close inspection revealed it to be fake. I took of running but he had such a head start and kept saying keep back or you’ll get hurt. (He might have had knife or gun) but I was too far away. Someone at the gate of the apartments saw what direction he went to and offered to help. I told him to be careful that he might have a weapon. Across from the apartments is a large muddy dirt lot. After the rain it was almost impossible to get far in. But later told me thats where he was hiding. hes been messaging me everyday constantly first saying hed give it all back Friday as he just wanted games to play :\ then it turned into give me your hard drive that had a 100+ games on it. Then he wanted $50 dollars in cash just for my games and another $40 for the controller. I played along so I could have evidence of him blackmailing me. After searching for him I went to the sheriff station not 5 minutes away and gave a report because when I called 911 when it happened they said it wasn’t a important enough issue. He kept messaging me to give me my hard drive and 40 in cash and stash it in the field and hed come grab the stuff and leave my original items. (Yeah right) so I keep calling the sheriff station everyday but was told it takes 10 days to finish a report. WTF? Then I had the idea to leave a empty Manila envelope in the field so it’d be hard for him to find and I could have a police cruiser roll by and grab the only black guy in the field searching for something.He told me if I didnt come I’d pay dearly as he knew where I lived which is BS so I called the sheriff station as I had his email address and saved are whole conversation giving me evidence to use against him.Ive never felt undermined in my whole life I was transferred at least 6 times all being asked IF i thought I was expecting them to do a sting operation and being laughed at. I knew exactly where he was gonna be and when. But they said they had better things to do then play cops and robbers. Which isnt there job? I then told a little fibbed and called 911 hoping to just get someone out since It wasnt life threatening I wasn’t near there just in case was. DOES anyone have any tips or tricks? I can probably get him to meet again in a couple of days but the detective assigned on my case was on vacation for another 10 days. YET 2 months ago I was pulled over for having a license plate frame on my license platy so 4 police cruisers ended up showing up? 911 said they’d only do something if he was breaking into my home to harm me. I got his email address and I reported to let it go but IVE gotten no help. What can I should I do in this situation?` thank you for any advice in advance also I can’t afford a lawyer especially at this time of year my 10 year old is not going to have a good Christmas with out that switch Console he was asking for.  Contact the secret service regarding the counterfeit bill. If you can serve the purchaser you can sue them in small claims. You can’t force the local PD to investigate.  [removed]