 I have an NJ non-driver ID, because I'm 16, and I have a few questions: Are NJ non-driver IDs Real ID compliant? Can I use it for domestic flights? Can I use it to cross into Canada or Mexico for less than a day? For any international travel a passport is required unless you are a border state and can obtain an enhanced license. If you need to cross into Mexico by foot for a few hours, you probably should not be going to Mexico. What about crossing to Mexico by foot, just through the border control? Unless you are a citizen you will get in big trouble trying to cross back into US without a valid travel document--the length of time has no bearing on that. If you are a US citizen, they are required to let you in upon proving your citizenship and they can't take action against you. If you are an LPR, legal alien, etc. then you could have problems as a result of trying. My 15 year old child has flown alone domestically without issue with no ID or birth certificate. This is legal. Note: this was distinct from the unaccompanied minor policies that the airline itself has and an airline may have their own restrictions on who can and cannot fly alone You can use your non-driver ID at the airport for domestic flights. For international travel, you need a passport. However, in Michigan where I grew up residents of the state have the option to get an "enhanced license/ID" which means they can use their drivers license or non-driver ID to get into Canada and Mexico, because we were a border state. I know NJ isn't a border state, but I know NY had enhanced licenses/non-driver ID's. Short version: non-driver ID is okay to use at airport for domestic flights and if you can't get an enhanced license then you need a passport for any international travel, even if for less than a day. The passport process can take up to 6 months, but can be expedited for about $100 iirc. Just to address domestic flights: None of the IDs issued by NJ are Real IDs at the moment NJ has an extension however, and the existing IDs are valid for domestic flights until [October 2020]() You will need a passport or a Nexus card (Nexus is Canada only) to travel to both Mexico and Canada. You can travel into Canada with a photo ID and a birth certificate only, but under new guidelines you are not able to return to the US without a passport or Nexus card. So yeah, you’ll have to get either one. As for domestic travel, from TSA website: Honestly surprised me that minors do not need to have ID- note is says when traveling WITH an adult companion. I would take your state ID with you anyways, and it may be a requirement if you travel alone. You need a passport to go to Mexico. []() For Canada it's a bit different. []() . A valid U.S. passport, passport card, or NEXUS card satisfies these requirements for U.S. citizens. .S. citizenship. .S. citizens are required by U.S. law to present a U.S. passport book. A few exceptions to this rule and a full list of documents that can be used at land and sea borders are provided on the [U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP)]() website. If you're traveling with your parents or guardians, you may not need a passport but your parents/guardians will still need to bring some sort of proof. More details in the links provided. I think you'll need a passport as well