 Preface: I'm not sure if there is even any ground to stand on here. If there is, what kind of lawyer would I contact? I purchased a CPO Honda Civic from a huge Honda dealer in my metro. I took delivery on Saturday 10/27 after the store had closed (due to them being busy). On Tuesday 10/30, the touch screen that controls the HVAC/audio/cameras had back light issues and there was an exhaust rattle. Called the dealer and left a VM for the service department and also the sales guy. I sent email on 10/31 to the sales guy and he promptly had the service guy call me. They told me that I would have to wait for 8 days until the tech who performed the CPO warranty was back. Strange but okay. On Monday 11/5 the car dies, lights flashing, strange behavior. Called Honda Roadside, they jump me and I drive it to the dealer. They keep the car for a few days and replace the touchscreen and head unit (keep reading) the battery and fix the exhaust. I'm relived. It's all noted on my repair order. I pickup the car Saturday 11/10. Sunday t 11/11 the touch screen dies completely, starts working a few hours later. I return the car Monday 11/12. The exhaust rattle is worse than before at this point. I also open a case with American Honda. They have the car for a few more days, ask me to drive to the dealership (40 minutes away) to help them identify the exhaust rattle. I do so, the tech now understands. They replace the A pipe, passengers engine mount, update the headunit and reset neutralize all body control modules. I pick up the car Saturday 12/1. Everything seems fine, excited to have my car back after buying it a month ago. The exhaust rattle is still there, at this point I'll live with it. Tuesday 12/6. The head unit dies completely again. This time it never comes back. I drive it to the dealer again. I ask to speak with their sales manager. I ask him what my options are, he says we'll I can keep letting them fix it or trade it in for market value ($2,200) less than I purchased it for. He kept saying I have a service issue, not a sales issue. I asked the Manager if we can unwind the deal and I will purchase a brand new car from him, today. He says absolutely not, it can't happen. Today, the car is still at the dealership since 12/6. No one has reached out to me. American Honda is absolutely useless in this scenario. They did call me last week to tell me that the dealer is replacing the audio unit, since they only replaced the touch screen. Even though their prior repair order shows they replaced the audio unit AND touchscreen. I forward the invoice to American Honda. All they can tell me is "that's strange". What can I even do in this scenario? I work in the automotive industry and have prior dealership experience, but I have never seen this level of BS. There's no lemon law on used vehicles in MO. Honda's arbitration does not include used vehicles. I work sales in a territory and really need a vehicle I can count on. I'm a total loss here. Please advise. I apologise for grammar errors, I'm on mobile  Yes they are part of a huge dealership group. Honda corporate has been the opposite of helpful. I'll do some googling to see if I can find out how to make contact with someone above store level. Thank you  Legally speaking a used car sale is considered to be as is. Unless the dealer lied about something specific (IE said it had new tires when ti did not). You recourse will be governed by the terms of your sale and warranty contract. I would say corporate is the way to go, but it sounds like you're already working that angle. Is the dealer part of dealership group? Like does the same company own multiple dealerships? If so, you might be able to put some pressure on the dealership group, above the heads of the people at the location you're dealing with. [Honda Certified Pre-owned ]() What sort of warranty were you sold?