 On October 15th, I began working as a seasonal temp worker for a major shipping. Upon hiring, they inform you that working for this company qualifies you to be apart of the union, after you pay the union dues. I was told when I was hired that the union will be taking $30 out of my paycheck every week until the $500 fee was paid off. Then I would officially be apart of the union. Well this past week, countless workers at my warehouse received absolutely no paycheck. So I contacted the union representatives to see exactly why. They told me that they "don't know why they decided to, but they took all of the dues at once". So apparently now I am officially a part of the union, but am out $300 and an entires week of work. Are they legally allowed to change how they take our dues without informing us? Is this a violation of minimum wage law?  Your HR is not going to be able to do anything you are doing with the Union. Just an FYI.  Why did you join a union especially if you are a temporary employee? No PMs. Read the rules.  Lol. Collective bargaining against the union. Thatsnothowthissupposedtowork Sounds like the company payroll people might have fucked up. Intentionally or by accident.  Could this be a clerical error? You said it was supposed to be $30, but they took $300. Looks like they could have moved a decimal on accident.   "don't know why they decided to, but they took all of the initiation fee at once". The pronouns are extremely unclear here, but the "they" who did the deduction could be your employer (making a payroll error) and not the union. In fact, its more likely to be the employer. Check, because that makes a big difference in who you should be complaining to.  This could very well just be a payroll error. Especially if your company uses a third party payroll service, when things like this are set up they are usually set up with "goals" and when not set up properly can be deducted at once rather than in increments as intended. I would check with whoever does your payroll at your company to see if this is a possibility. NAL, former payroll specialist. Check with your HR department, but also ask your union rep/shop steward about this and go up the food-chain at the Union until you get an answer. The Union is supposed to work for the employees and not getting paid anything for the week sounds counter to their mission. The Union should be all over this, especially if it is happening to many people. It is possible the company messed up and is blaming the Union. I've seen small construction companies "hold" dues or initiation fees (not pay the union, even when they show it as held back from pay) and get in trouble with the union or be charged.  You're looking for /r/politics. My union is soon going to be in a similar boat. They made a mistake the last few months and didn't pull dues(restructuring dues policy) and are planning to pull them all out in January, most of the employees will receive no pay check due to this. We went to our union rep(figure out who this is for you) who is working with the union. Our current attempt to negotiate is that this is a hardship, and they should recoup over a few months instead of just January. The union works for your(collectivr) best interest(or should) , they are there to protect you. They should want to help you.  Sorry, $500 is the initiation fee. Regardless, I was told that to cover the initiation fee, it would be $30 a week. Idk what kind of union you’re in, but I’m in one and know many others. Dues aren’t a one or ten time deal. Dues are paid every month for as long as you’re in the union. That could be 40 years.  That's going to be a major part of this as it likely regulates how they garnish wages for this purpose and if they can change it at will Pretty sure I did, but I will be going to HR today to take a look at the documents that I signed. Did you sign any agreement as to how they'd take payments for your joining?