 I live in an Atlanta suburb (McDonough, GA). I work in Atlanta at a bar so my nights run late most of the time. I usually go to my friends after work that’s somewhat on my way home for a couple hours before going home every night. To get from my friends house to mine I drive down about 10 miles of a highway that’s pretty bare and dark. But there’s always been at-least two/three cops hidden on random side streets I pass by every night. This hasn’t been a problem before. I notice them, slow down maybe 5mph and I’ve never been pulled over... until about 2 weeks ago. One cop followed me about 4 miles of the highway before I turned on my road and got immediately pulled over. The reason was for a “broken tag light” but his questions seemed more like he wanted to catch a drunk driver. No big deal, I didn’t get a ticket and when I got home (about .2 of a mile later) my tag light worked. The next day I got pulled over on the same highway for “suspicious driving”, again the questions seemed like they wanted to catch a drunk driver. But I don’t drink so I just figured ‘hey it’s late at night, they’re just bored’. Except this keeps happening almost every single night. In the last 12 days I’ve been pulled over for vague reasons 8 times. no tickets have been given any of those times. All on the same stretch of highway by different cops. I’ve been following this same routine for months now, but now it’s starting to become a problem. I feel as though I’m almost being harassed, but it’s different cops every time. And they’re not pulling over everyone, I’ve only seen a few other people pulled over on that highway over the last month. I know it’s always really late (more like early morning) but that doesn’t necessarily mean I’m a drunk driver. I’m sure driving an older model car doesn’t help my case either. It’s starting to make me really uncomfortable, I know they’re just doing their job but I’m a young girl driving alone on a not-very well lit stretch of road. But my question is: what can I do? Should I file a complaint about the officers on that highway? Can I even do that? Would I just be further bothered? This is just starting to make me extremely anxious and nervous every time I get in my car after dark.  I have about 30 miles of interstate driving each way. And that portion, there is very limited options that wouldn’t add less than 30 minutes to an hour commute.  I feel you on that, from my work to home directly is 30 miles one way but I often have to make stops daily (bank, store etc).  I understand that, as I have an 80 mile round trip commute.  Yeah pretty much. Unless I want to turn a 15 minute drive into a 40 minute drive. It’s the only straight shot Also, is it possible to go a different way?  8 times in 12 days? I've been on the road over 20 years and I don't think I've been pulled over that many times. I'm pro law enforcement, and we don't know why they are there exactly. They could be investigating a ton of things and felt the need to pull you over. No one here can say if it's justified or not. That being said, it may be in your best interest to go to the station and request a supervisor and see what you can do to minimize the stops. Don't be scared. Police are people just like you and I. Don't be afraid to talk. 