 Wisconsin My 15yr old recently got into a minor car accident while driving with her step mom. They were at a green light turning left. An oncoming car was stopped waiting to turn right into a neighborhood. As my daughter turned, a car swerved around the stopped car resulting in the accident. My daughter was issued a citation for failure to yield (which comes with a fine, 3 points off, a mandatory class and a delay in getting her drivers license). She maintains that she would not have gone if it weren’t for her step mom telling her to Go. And the car that hit her swerved into a turning only lane to get around the car waiting to turn right. The other problem is the court date has come and gone- so we have the hurdle of attempting to reopen the case as well. Initially we told her No to fighting it (teaching her a lesson, bla bla) but after some thought, (And her persistence) I’m having a change of heart and don’t want to discourage her from advocating for herself. She even took it upon herself to make an appt with her school police officer to ask his advice on what she could do. He advised her to call the clerk of courts and get the proper paperwork, which she did! My questions are (1) What are the chances they will reopen the case? (2) Is saying ‘My parents didn’t let me go’ a legit excuse for her reason that she failed to appear? It’s the truth. (3) If it does get reopened, does she have a valid defense? (first paragraph) TIA for any input!  My brother was able to take an 8 hr driving class that cost roughly 180 dollars to get out of a ticket for going 90 in a 55, completely wiped from his record like he never did anything wrong at all Great idea! Thanks  Just go into the city prosecutor. Most likely what would happen is an 8hr driving class or a stay of judofication (depending on local laws)  ‘My parents didn’t let me go’ a legit excuse for her reason that she failed to appear? I would expect the court to not believe her, unless you are willing to appear and testify that you forbade her from to court. Yikes.. chill out. Sorry. Ticket amount was $175. Initial (NOT mandatory court date) was Dec 10 Payment deadline (Jan 15)  How about you tell us what the ticket said in terms of payment amount, payment deadline, and court date. This is not making sense.  Thanks for the input!  Yes, I hate her and this was a big scheme on my part to have her arrested. Lol. No. It wasn’t a mandatory appearance. And payment isn’t due until mid January.  It sounds like she’s generally guilty of failure to yield, perhaps with the mitigating circumstance of the other driver’s maneuver around the turning car. You might speak with a lawyer, though it sounds generally like the outcome even if the case is reopened is in serious doubt.  Wait, so you told your daughter not to go to court or pay? Do you hate her and want her to get arrested or something? Now she needs a traffic attorney. 