 u/DiabloConQueso provided documentation in a previous post regarding Michigan’s drug and alcohol testing policies. IMy question is, can I legally be randomly drug tested according to the documentation provided below. Considering my profession is none of the groups that qualify as a test designated position? I have read the company policy regarding this matter, and nowhere does it state random drug testing. Now I know Michigan is one of the few states where employers can get away with more related to drug testing. But I’m hoping someone can explain the documentation provided below, and if I could be tested if I do not fall in any of the designated categories. Also if this is not the sub please direct me to the correct one, I’m considering getting a consultation from a lawyer but don’t want to if I get answers. If I did though what type of lawyer would I be looking for? Okay I see what you mean, thanks. I might get a consultation too but I see your point. Because drug testing is not prohibited in private employment unless it violates other legal provisions. That law you posted doesn’t say that only these individuals can be test or that anyone not on this list can’t be tested. Meaning that as long as an employer follows the proper protocol they can drug test you. If this is a government position it could be different. But for private employment it’s totally allowed. How do you explain that in every reference in the document regarding random selection, it always refers to those that are in test designated positions? That’s what I don’t understand.  An employment attorney  Okay thank you for explaining that, I don’t doubt you are wrong I wanted someone to actually tell me why I was right or wrong. I have been considering consulting an attorney would type would you recommend? I’m new to this.  Your interpretation is wrong, those positions are designated to be tested, which means required. For all other positions it is up to the employer which is why it says a “condition of continued employment”. That being said there are rules about how they go about testing you, but they are definitely allowed to test you. If you feel I’m wrong feel free to contact an actual attorney or you can go ahead and try to refuse although I wouldn’t recommend that.  My interpretation as it’s written is that for random testing they can only test you if you are in one of those six buckets. I am not talking about pre-employment I already did that. If your employer tells you to go piss in a cup and you refuse, they fire you. Also MI is an at will employment state. Does it say that only these positions are allowed to be randomly tested? Go to page three, it states plainly that an employer can require drug testing as a condition of employment. 