 Apologies in advance for somewhat long post. I already completed probation for a federal misdemeanor 1st offense DUI that isn't even listed on my certified 10 year driving record and not on my background check either. The actual offense occurred 3 years ago. I finally got a vehicle again and while sorting out car insurance/registration and title at DMV I was informed some kind of flag on my license stipulates I am required to have an IID installed for 1 year. Okay, not a problem. I had one installed and have been using it for four months now with zero issues because I don't drink at all anymore. Got sick a couple of days ago and took some medicine without checking/thinking twice about it at all this morning, got in my car expecting to run a small errand, business as usual, blew into the handset, and the red led display flashed "FAIL" "VIOLATION" "TEMP LOCKOUT". Confused and bewildered at this point I just pressed the button on top a second time and it said "TEMP LOCKOUT" "4 MIN" As in 4 minutes til I can blow again I guess? The errand wasn't critical and I was very freaked out so I did not attempt a retest. Thought longer on it, checked my medicine, and it does contain alcohol. Stupid. I live in FL if it matters. Does anybody know what this means? What I can expect? Am I in trouble? Is my license going to be revoked? What's going to happen to my driving privilege if anything? I've tried googling many variations of these questions as they pertain to IID violations with no clear or satisfying answers. Hoping someone here can help I am not in Florida, but in Illinois and had a similar thing happen with an asthma medication less than a week after I had the breathalyzer installed. I did get a letter from the DMV and had to respond. I didn't do the retake either, because I had to catch the last bus ASAP if I couldn't drive. I responded to the letter explaining about using the inhaler (I sent a picture of it, since the product is no longer on the market), a copy of the bus schedule showing that due to timing that really was the last bus in the morning I could take, and proof from my bus card transactions that I actually did get on the bus. They let it slide. If they would not have accepted my explanation it would have added on 3 months to the time I was required to have the device in my car. I would suggest that when you reply to the letter you just send in everything. A copy of the doctor's note. A copy of the label of the medication. If the label doesn't tell you the percentage of alcohol in it, look that up online and send that in too. Good luck. [deleted] [You should have rinsed your mouth out and then taken the retest according to the Florida website.]() The remaining FAQs there say that since you had 2 failures, you will likely receive a violation letter and explains what to do if you get one. I would make sure you keep whatever "cold medicine" you used in case you are challenged.