 So as any silly dude I decided awhile ago to allow my then girlfriend to get on my phone bill with me. Big mistake. We arent together anymore and I allowed her until the 15th of December to pay what she owes for the phone bill and and the iphone X that she still owes money on. She said that was fair and I waited until the 15th came and went until nothing happened. I find out from her roommate that she got a different phone and has decided to avoid paying me all together. I've considered taking her to small claims court for it and the total amount owed would be around $457 for the previous Bill's and what she owes for the phone. However if I can just manage to get the phone back even though its cracked I could possibly make at least $500 selling the phone. Problem is I'm not sure if she is going to release the phone without the help of the police. Do I have a case in small claims court or should I just call the police and have them assist me in getting the phone back? Thanks guys!  Yup small claims, nope to the police. The police won't help, it is a civil dispute not a matter of theft. You can file in small claims for the money and/or the phone. Bring whatever evidence you have showing that you are the owner of the phone and entitled to it back. If you have texts showing she promised to return it (or other evidence) bring that along too. Very good point I appreciate the help!  First, the phone is her property and attempting to recover it without her permission could be considered theft. Second, in my experience, confrontations with exes frequently lead to allegations of domestic violence--even if these allegations have not been made before and even if they are not accurate. You can ultimately defeat the allegations if they are not accurate, but spending a night in jail is not worth the trouble. Why would you suggest not getting the phone back? Just easier to do through small claims court?  This is an excellent case for small claims court. You should not attempt to recover the iPhone from her. You should not attempt to involve the police over this matter.