 They came in to fix a line for other people in our neighborhood. When they “refilled” the hole, it is now a huge mound. They did not bury a line. Just shittily hung it over our fence. They also installed the skinny plastic post. Where can I find out if they have the authority to do this? We don’t have any ATT services. [ATT handiwork ]() Just going off the experience in my back yard, left a depression ~6" deep after digging out something. Not sure wtf they were doing (AT T) since they still can't connect fiber to my house for some reason. Depending on how deep they dug, which I wager isn't very, that looks about right. They back filled with the same dirt they removed, so it will lay level. It may need graded though, but they'll want to wait for it to settle. Unless you're very bad at backfilling and leave a bunch of dirt mashed in and around the hole, you should never need to add dirt to a trench you dig. Source: Installed geothermal loops. 5'x3' trenches ranging from 200'-1200' long. Never had to add dirt to get grade right.  Left pole is spectrum. Middle is ATT. Big box is the power company I believe Lol Well I know Excel Energy eats shit for it, and especially since Comcast called in the entire metro area for immediate locating this summer. I gotta go see if that's turned in to a court case yet. Nope. Each company has their own contractors that bury the lines Find the fcc regulation. Doesn’t exist Ok, maybe it's not the law, but certainly his company gets fined a shitton. You are talking about 811 right? America.... Your friend is wrong What country though? My friend works in the industry (and survived the winter layoffs he's that good) and told me this (not counting ones where they schedule ahead or say they don't need it in 48 hours). Nah. Whoever told you that is lying I work in the industry. Two weeks Not finishing a locate within 48 hours results in thousands of dollars in automatic fines. Seems pretty legally binding to me. Air temps aren’t the problem. It’s if the ground is frozen, and current temps are only moderately related to that. After a month or two of freezing temps soil temps will drop below freezing and stay there for months. My town has been having 50° days for two weeks, but the 2” soil temperature is still only at 31°. It may feel warm, but the soil is frozen solid here.  Interesting. 3 feet around the big box? I believe most cities will also have right-of-way maps.  I work for att. ATT has what's called right of easement. Essentially it's your backyard but they own 3 feet around the terminal. The line gets buried by a contract crew but as of the dirt they aren't doing shit.  There's a lot of things that go into the delays, as /u/darkerdays1 points out, they do the lines on a first come/first served and they won't dig if the ground is frozen. In northern states, AT T won't dig from I think it was Nov - Apr, regardless of the temperature. Other things that can delay digs, waiting on equipment, weather, unruley animals, etc. I've seen a dig get delayed because they needed to bore under a highway and they couldn't get the equipment to do it for another two months. I've seen entirely too many that were delayed in the winter because "Winter" was declared. 50F out and they won't dig because it's "Winter".  Mine lost the paperwork. It took 6 monthd. No they are not legally bond Yes it is free And it can take a little bit bc they bury a lot of lines and take them as they come. Also if the ground is frozen it can’t be buried and they have to wait Wow, the locators are legally bound to 48 hours for completion and it's a free service, so why the huge delay to bury it? [removed] Yup and FYI line buries can take up two weeks. The machine that does it will make sure it looks good and you’ll never know it was buried. [deleted] Contact the Public Utilities Commission in Texas and lodge a complaint. That will get things jumping.   In Texas, particularly with any utility company that originated from one of the very early monopoly utilities, this is certainly the case. /u/slackrack wouldn't find it on his or her deed directly--and, as a bonus, purchase surveys almost never contain easements unless exchanged directly between parcels (e.g. "The owner of parcel A grants a perpetual easement of [some area] to and for the benefit of the owner of parcel B in order to [do some thing]"). There's even a note in the corner about this. But where you almost always do find these very broad utility easements is on the title report. Title insurance companies are good at what they do and will note down every encumbrance on the parcel usually all the way back to the original land grant. The "subject to the easements, restrictions, and other items listed below" section on the title report for my old house in the sleepy suburbs of north Texas was almost two pages and, yep, had a listing for the pre-pre-pre-precursor to AT T Southwest's easement across the back three feet of my back yard, further in than the utility strip behind my fence and the alley that was dedicated to the city.  There have been some court rulings in the 50’s that allow utilities to conduct reasonable work outside their right of ways to maintain/update their equipment. Contact your city. They should have a right of way office. They can work with ATT to sort this out. Hijacking top comment. OP, make sure they add some dirt, as these holes tend to sink after they're filled in. You want a little mound that'll flatten out after a few rains. [removed] [removed]  That's typically called a pedistool, it keeps wire splices high and dry. I love that you found the neighbor this is for so quickly on Reddit! Current telecom employee who directly deals with this exact situation all the time. The previous comments I’m reading are accurate. This is most likely a temporary line. It should be buried with 2-ish weeks. If it’s not, call the customer service hotline. They will likely send a tech out who will not be able to do anything...you need to ask this tech for his or her manager’s direct phone # and call this manager and NICELY AND CALMY ask for his/her assistance with getting to a resolution on this, and explain that you understand it may take just a bit longer to get finality on, and thank them for their willingness to help. I won’t say which company I work for, but I highly recommend you follow this plan. Know what I mean? 😉 Best to you! [removed] [removed] Former telecom worker here - this is called a”temp drop”, whereas the construction crew comes later on to bury the wire properly. Most install technicians don’t have equipment to bury the line. If it’s not fixed in a couple weeks, you can call ATT, ask for construction (May or may not have success there), and/or request that they come out to complete the job. Yeah this is the right answer, I don't work for AT T but a similar company. When we have to replace or install a line line this, they'll put in a temp line, submit a map for locates and come back and do a permanent bury. You're also correct that they almost definitely have easement. Cough Well, I did not expect to see this here. That's the line they just laid to our house. The workman said that AT T did not have the equipment available in order to bury the line at the moment and that a crew would return in 10 days to finish the work order [bury the line]. I can say from experience that they have an easement for those boxes, which grants them the right to install and manage that box on your land regardless of your status in relation to them, because we also have a smaller version of that box in our backyard. Ours did not show up on the deed, so yours may not have either. You may have more luck calling their support line about 'the mess their crew left in our yard' and pushing them to move the finish date up than trying the legal route.  What you can do is contact AT T and make a complaint about the work that was performed. As boytyperanma pointed out, they probably have an easement which allows them to perform the work. IIRC there's a specific script for going through someone calling in due to work done on their property and they're not an AT T customer. Also, that line that's hung over your fence is most likely going to be buried, as I don't see any aerial lines for it to be hung. Given that you're in Texas, you're in luck and there's no "Winter" to prevent them from burying lines. I've seen complaints of lines running along the ground, line across a road, etc because they can't bury in the winter (ground too hard). The best one was the line that was run across a busy road that needed to be replaced every two weeks because they couldn't bore under the road. I'd be prepared for even more work to be done in your yard, mainly because of that line on your fence.  City planner here: That is almost certainly a utility easement. Your city might have records of exactly where the easement is and what companies can use it. As for how they left it, I’m not sure who to talk to about that, but I’m betting they are not done. IANAL, but I am a landscaper. Earlier this year we had to relandscape someone's home because of work that was MUCH worse than this, and it was at the cost of the homeowner. I'm not in Texas, but if it's anything like it is here you might be out of luck. Thankfully that doesn't look like too expensive of a repair job. The big box belongs to the power company. One of the issues with old companies like AT T is the often hold very old very broad easements that are not recorded on individual deeds. It's best to contact them and ask 'what gives them the right' you asking however will often result in a run around, if you hire a lawyer to handle it, AT T will forward it to legal who will produce the documents. They are probably not done with the project and will bury the line at a later date. When we had the survey done when we purchased the house, all it showed was a water line running along the fence. The big box isn’t theirs. Just the small skinny post in the foreground, next to the dirt mound.  With a big box like that, they most certainly have an easement on your property for their equipment. It should be on your survey of your property. The fact that it's hung over the fence probably means it's a temporary fix and they should be returning to do it properly. Sometimes it's contractors doing the work so if it's not cleaned up you should call ATT to bring it to their attention and to get it back to the way it was. 