 Hi everyone! My grandfather (deceased) is on the deed for a lot (Lot 5) in Texas, where he pastored a church. He bought the land in the 1950s, developed the church, and died in the 1990s. No one else is on the deed for this lot. The church holds the title to the actual building on the lot. The church is still there, and is the only name on the deed for the lots on either side (Lots 4 and 6). The church wants to relocate and has a buyer for all three lots. My grandfather's will leaves my (now 75yo) uncle as Trustee for Lot 5, with proceeds from the sale of the property to be split equally between him and my (deceased) mother or her descendants (I'm an only child, she died when I was very young). Per the church's atty, my uncle agreed last year to "sign over" the lot for $30,000, but the atty. believes my uncle "has no intention of sharing the proceeds as instructed by the will". He's spent the last year trying to find me, and sent me an email out of the blue a few weeks ago filling me in on all of this (I had no idea) and asking me to sign over the deed. My uncle has always been a bit greedy and difficult. He disowned his own children (my cousins) years ago for awful, petty reasons. I've tried calling him for the last several years (unrelated to this, just trying to keep in touch) and he's never responded. His latest wife had him convinced we were all out to wrong him, and he's so old now that I doubt it matters anymore. I did confirm with the church's atty that the number I'm calling is the same one they've used to communicate with him. The chances of him just dodging me so he doesn't have to share are really big, and fits his personality, unfortunately. Questions: \- Is it realistic to ask them to just send me my half of the price they were willing to give my uncle? I don't want to screw him over (it's never stopped him before, but I digress), but it's not realistic that he'll split this with me. \- We're on opposite ends of the country and he's unreachable or dodging me - maybe they're asking me to sign over the deed to bypass him? \- Is it reasonable to expect cash for signing a deed like this, or is my uncle just being an ass? \- If I "sign over the deed" is that good enough for them to sell the property? I'd be fine with that if they're willing to give me my mom's half of the proceeds directly. Thanks for any help! I’m not positive but if you transfer the deed I don’t think you get money. You have to sell it. I’m not sure though. Hire an attorney to get ahold of your uncle and the church Why wasn't the estate probated for 20 years? A huge part of me is wondering if he could claim adverse possession and refuse to give you anything. A buyer will not pay someone who does not own the land money. Hire an attorney to deal with this.