 I am an Assistant General Manager for a hotel and I handle all the hiring for our hourly employees. The owners of the hotel live across the country but own multiple hotels throughout the country and constantly travel. They typically make a visit to our property every 2-3 weeks for a couple days. On this most recent visit one of the owners happened to be in the lobby the same time as one of our newer housekeepers who is black. While I was not present, this is the encounter I have gathered from multiple witnesses. Upon seeing the housekeeper the owner immediately starts demanding to know what department she works in and who hired her (it was me btw). He then goes up to her and according to him, tells her to get the F\\\ out of his hotel and he doesn't want her working there. He then goes up to another employee and starts again asking who hired that "monkey" (he used the Spanish word though as he was talking with a Hispanic worker.) Then he goes back to the housekeeping area and, according to the supervisor he talked to, demanded to know if there was any other black employees on the schedule and said he didn't want them working for him. He then had 2 Hispanic workers I had previously recommended against employing come in to start the next day The next day he claims he fired her because when she came to get her check her lunch was leaking all over the counter, she rifled through the checks for too long, and her husband came in with a duffel bag and could have been stealing from us. He also accused her of calling in 6 times but this was untrue. She had called in once because her son was in the hospital which I have documentation of. All of this he prefaced with the statement "I'm not prejudice but we Never should have hired any of those F\\\\\\\ people to being with. That was a mistake." So my questions are: 1. Can I be held responsible in any way if there is a lawsuit regarding this firing? 2. What actions can I take to protect myself? Should there specific wording in my resignation letter? Agreed You hired her, but you did not fire her. So you shouldn't be liable. Please contact the fired employee and encourage her to sue. If things are as described she should win.  There are a handful of states that WILL allow a manager to be sued along with the company for discrimination claims, but Kentucky is not one of them. So... even if YOU had been the one discriminating against them, you'd likely be off the hook. Given that you're not, you have little to worry about.  If you would like to assist the former employee you could give them a heads up to talk to a labor attorney regarding their firing. You don't even need to legally give two weeks notice, KY is an at-will employment state.  Absent a contract, you can just hand in any employer property (keys, uniform, etc) and go home. Thanks for the response, that's reassuring. If a lawsuit is brought up I will of course be willing to act as a witness, but as of this moment I just wanted to make sure I wouldn't be liable due to being a manager. What exactly do you want to protect yourself from? You won't be held legally responsible, but you may get drawn into it as a witness if she does bring a lawsuit, given that you were a supervisor and hired her. It's worth thinking about what you would do in that event. Are you looking to assist in a wrongful termination suit or just protect yourself from liability?  1) No. You didn't do anything wrong 2) you don't have to give a reason. Just put in your notice. "I am giving a 2 week notice to resign as of today" 