 I’m 22 years old, I have a valid ID that doesn’t expire until 2023. I had just gone to the local liquor store and attempted to buy a bottle of wine and was refused because apparently it’s ‘the law’. This really pissed me off and I got in an argument with the lady. The higher up manager came out and took her side insisting it’s “the law” and refused to sell. I cannot find a single source online that confirms there is a law saying you must refuse sale to people with valid vertical IDs, all sources I see claim that it’s up to the business owner whether or not they accept ‘vertical’ IDs. Afterwards, I left them horrible reviews on Google and Yelp saying they refuse to serve 22 year old customers with valid IDs, which I believe is rightful. Is there actually such a law in the state of Maryland or am I in the wrong here for leaving them bad reviews? if I am correct there is no such law I will be calling for an apology otherwise I’m keeping the reviews up. If there really is a law I’ll take my reviews down. [deleted] [removed] [removed] [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Your comment or post has been removed because you posted a link to a search result or an otherwise obfuscated link. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. [deleted] [removed] [removed] [removed] \ all sources I see claim that it’s up to the business owner whether or not they accept ‘vertical’ IDs So why are you freaking out? The business owner decided to not accept vertical IDs.  [Ocular pat-downs]() don't hold up in court? Fighter plane blogging? [removed] [removed] [removed] You realize nobody has to sell you liquor, right? [deleted] Why can't you apply this logic and just find another liquor store to buy from if the one refused you a sale?  It is not any meaningful kind if discrimination. You can hold whatever opinion you want that doesn't make it reasonable. But if you have the time to worry about this then go ahead, it's your life. [deleted] There is a risk. People alter the dates on ID cards to seem older. That is one of the reasons why they implemented vertical IDs. So when they get a vertical ID for someone over 21 they know there is an increased risk that it may have been altered.  Where I buy alcohol is very very low on my list if concerns in life. I have actual real life problems to worry about. I don't have the time or concern available to dedicate to something that ridiculous.  [removed] [deleted] Ok. Then we look forward to your next post, "I was fired for ignoring company policy. I can sue for wrongful termination, right?" Point is, you don’t actually know they are over 21. You just don’t care. [removed] [deleted] I would love to see the look on the judge’s face if you tried that defense after selling to a minor. [removed]  Looking shady is the#1 reason to deny someone a sale in any business but especially liquor sales. Also your opinion of their policy doesn't matter.  NAL- was bartender in Maryland 2007-2011. What I was told at multiple bars I worked at: the law says you're not allowed to buy alcohol with a vertical ID in Maryland even if you're of age. I was supposed to refuse service to anyone with a vertical ID. Not sure of the logic behind this but it is a thing. This is also problematic if say, your birthday is on July 4 and dmv is closed- legally that person can't be served alcohol in Maryland on their 21st birthday. They can celebrate the next day when they are able to get the horizontal ID on July 5. Edit- and if you've seen it happen before they served that person illegally Well, enjoy being "miffed" and making a far bigger deal over this than it's worth. There's absolutely no legal issue here. + I don’t care I let them slide We look forward to your next post, "I've been cited for selling to a minor. What do?" If they don’t have ID, how can you possibly “know” they are 21+. I mean, yeah, if they are obvious over like 40.. but 21? Sounds like you may have sold to minors and admitted you didn’t uphold your responsibility of checking their ID and broke the law.  [removed] Grow up. Businesses don't exist for the fun of going on power trips, they exist to make money. They refused the sale because either you or your ID looked shady and it wasn't worth getting pulled into an underage sting by the cops for the $2 profit on a bottle of wine. Complain to the manager if you want and find a new place to shop. No laws we're broken.   Then go to other liquor stores  These are people who work shitty jobs in a retail store. They don't know "the law." Their company has policies, and for all practical purposes, to them, there is no difference between the law and policy, nor does their employer teach them the difference. Stop being so literal. They aren't required to sell to you, they chose not to sell, they did nothing legally wrong. I have literally been refused alcohol purchases upwards of 10 times with my actual drivers license because I look young. It's not a big deal.  [removed] "if they are blatantly lying to their customers, that is a dirty business tactic." That makes no sense. Who would have a business tactic that didnt result in the business receiving money? They refused to serve you and made no money off of you. Please explain how that is a dirty business tactic. You can feel your feelings all you like and complain if you want but that's certainly a really ineffective way to get them to sell to you and no one has wronged you. If the business wants to protect itself by refusing all vertical ID cards they are free to do so. If you're 22 just go get a horizontal ID and you won't have this problem.   Then accept that and move on. Stores will often cite the law in order to have less people get confrontational about policies. I don't know why that would be a dirty business tactic since it makes literally no difference that the law does not exist.  The law actually doesn't matter here. The store decided that they didn't want to accept your ID and they have that right. They are not required to sell to you and you are certainly not owed an apology. 