 As the title implies, my work has scheduled me to close at 10:00pm but request I open the following day 5:00am. I usually have to go in at 4:30am because they lock the doors and the over night people don’t open the doors at 5:00am exactly and I could possibly get punished for being a few minutes late. I’m 18 Living in Massachusetts I would be closing Friday night at 10pm and opening 5am Saturday morning - not sure if the days were needed I just want to know if they are allowed to do this, since I remember something about everyone has 8-11 hours before they have to go back to there shift/job  ### State Laws Although it's a common misconception that employers are required to give employees eight hours off between shifts, there is no federal law regulating this for general industries. in fact, there are no state laws that address this issue, either. Each state's department of labor is responsible for creating and enforcing its own hour and wage laws, yet none have a requirement for the minimum number of hours between shifts. Certain states may, however, require split shift pay in these instances. For example, New York requires an additional hour of pay for employees who work split shifts. Split shifts are considered to be two or more work shifts in a day. ### Industry Exceptions There are certain industry exceptions in which there are regulations regarding the number of hours required between shifts for public safety reasons. Truck and bus drivers must generally take a minimum of eight hours off between shifts, and their shift hours are often capped. Airline pilots are required to have 10 hours off between shifts to allow for transportation and rest time. ### Employer Policies Even when a state does not have regulations regarding minimum hours between shifts, companies may institute their own policies for health, safety and morale reasons. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention found that extended work hours and shift work can cause risks to employee health and safety. Employers may therefore have policies that prevent this type of situation or provide incentive pay for these schedules. ### Implications for Overtime Pay Although there may not be laws requiring time off between shifts, you may be entitled to overtime if the shifts fall within certain time periods. Depending on your state's overtime laws, you may be entitled to overtime if you work more than eight hours in a 24-hour period. For example, if you work a 2 a.m.-10:30 a.m. shift, and you are scheduled to return at 11 p.m. that same evening, your hour between 11 p.m. and midnight might be counted as overtime. There's no legal issue with them requiring you to do this. Here's some info on MA's labor laws -- the closest thing to requiring time off generally only applies to those working shifts of 24 hours or longer: []()