 Hey everyone, I have a major problem that's been haunting me since mid November so I'll get straight into it. I got a new phone and wanted to sell my old one since it was in perfect shape. My friend (let's call him E) had his phone shattered at a football game when someone threw it on the ground. So I offered it to him first. We went back and forth on a price and settled on $150 total, $40 today and $110 when he gets paid since he was desperate for a phone. He originally said that he set up direct deposit and it'll be in by the 29th... Come the 30th, I ask him "hey, do you have something for me?" and to make it short, he's lazy and won't walk the half mile from his house to his place of work where HIS SISTER also works.... I got extremely mad when he told me he's not going to pick It up until next time he works. I started to question his stupid logic and started yelling at him and he tried to turn it around on me that I somehow owed him money... Now, I don't owe anyone any money if I can help it because of reasons exactly like this, and if I do have some sort of debt, I pay it off as quickly as I can. So after I got heated, I rode my bike home and didn't touch him or talk to him after. That was the end of that for now... I get to school this morning and my other friend pulls me aside and says "hey, E says he's not going to get paid until February and isn't going to pay you". Now, this right pissed me off because he essentially paid $40 for a $350+ phone... I have an app on my phone that tracks how much people owe me and E's bill is sitting pretty at $110. Is there any legal action I can take because this is getting ridiculous..  Sadly those texts got deleted when I reset the phone, I have the transaction ID and time from when it first happened and the details in there with a timestamp  Does he have the phone? If so, you can sue him for what he owes in small claims court. Depending on your age, this may require the participation of your parents. If he doesn't have the phone, simply refund him his $40 and sell the phone to someone else. To minimize the risk of this happening again, require payment in full upon delivery of the phone and don't agree to a payment plan. This would be something for small claims, do you have any text messages or anything between you two stating that agreed price that the phone would be sold for, and how much was currently paid?