 I moved from CT to WI in 2016 and sold my car in WI after trying for several months. Since WI doesnt have a car tax, I did not think much of anything. In 2018 I got a notice from CT for a pending car tax and they have added huge interest and fee to it. I am willing to pay my tax but they wont give leniency on interest/fee which I feel is not my fault because I wasnt aware that I need to pay tax even if I left the state. What options do I have to challenge this? What happens if I dont pay it? I am in US on work visa and dont wanna get into any trouble but would like a fair deal. Can state tax issue cause trouble with USCIS or any other state? I am moving out of US so would like to clear any issues that can hamper my chances to come back here in future. I will most likely pay it in full but your advice is appreciated. You generally cannot go to jail for not being able to pay off debt (debtors prisons are federally illegal). Not sure if it could become tax evasion or how that affects a visa. That being said pay your damn taxes -- tough shit if you don't like it. NOTE: Until you cancel your registration, the vehicle is subject to property tax assessment in the town of record for that vehicle. If you receive an additional property tax bill for the vehicle you should check with your local property tax assessor for a prorated bill showing your cancelled plate receipt and a copy of the Bill of Sale for the vehicle. Per the ct dmv specifics. This is why you are being charged with that tax.  Yes, it had CT plates. Dealer in WI took care of it, I didnt cancel it or anything. My first thought is that the car was still registerd in ct when he sold it. But idk. Was the car registerd in ct at the time of sale? I understand that and I am willing to pay my taxes. What bothers me is the 40% extra in interest and fee. They didnt send any notice for over an year and when they did, I tried to contact them and kept calling for months before they pick the call which also add interest per month. I guess I am more frustrated with how difficult it is to work with tax collector office. PS: I am have always paid taxes and everything on time and I am not trying to shy away from it. Just hoping for a reasonable fee is all. Ignorance of the law is not an excuse.