 Hi, I'm in a bit of a bind because I bought a used car on CL and the post stated that it was perfectly fine, but after driving it only 3,000 miles I've had to replace several parts and now I'm told the engine burns oil so fast that it will need to be totally replaced. I have an aversion to debt so I spent almost all my disposable income this year on the car, now I am worried its basically worthless - getting a new engine would cost more than the car's worth. What can I do? The guy who sold it to me had some made-up contract that he forced me to sign saying that I knew the car was "as-is" but he still deceived me about its condition. Will I be in trouble if I sell the car to someone like he did or sell it to Carmax? I am really stressed about this because I don't have a job and this is a huge problem for my personal finances. At this point I'd engage in some actions against that man even if it wasn't likely to pay off. What he did to me wasn't right. You have no recourse against the seller. You had the car inspected. It's a lost cause to think you can go after the seller for anything. The car was sold as-is which you agreed to. Used cars are always sold as is, unless it is stated otherwise. You would have to prove that he knew about the problems and intentionally lied to you about them. Unfortunately, this is going to be an expensive lesson, if you are buying a used car you really need to have it checked out by someone you trust. Then perhaps you should talk to the mechanic on why he didn't catch the oil leak issue. That may not be a specific guarantee that would be construed as a misrepresentation of the car. I mean, the car was perfectly usable for 3,000 miles, was it not? "Deeper problems" would have been something that a mechanic (and perhaps only a mechanic) could have known about and alerted you to. This is one of the risks of purchasing a used car: they're almost always guaranteed to have problems, especially if they're cheap in addition to being used. The craigslist post went out of its way to state the car was in perfectly usable condition. It ended with "I tell you this car is in great shape and all she needs is a new driver". He also gave me extensive repair records but kept one for himself for "tax reasons" it was the PCV valve that blew while I was on the highway and when I got that repaired I had the first indication that the car has deeper problems.   . I had the car inspected. The fact that it is burning oil in the engine is impossible to tell up-front from visual inspection or test driving.  Generally, private used car sales are "as-is" meaning when you buy the car, you buy all the past/present/future problems it has as well, and it's on you to pay for and have the car inspected by a trusted mechanic before agreeing to the purchase. It is not illegal to sell a car with problems, so you're free to sell the car to whoever you want, provided you comply with all applicable laws (for example, don't curbstone or title-jump). Used cars are sold as-is, even without a contact. You can sell the car to someone else, or keep fixing it. It's not a crime to sell a car with issues. In the future, you can take a used car to a mechanic for an inspection before you purchase it. There's not much you can do. Used cars are sold as-is, unless the paperwork says otherwise. The onus is on the buyer, you, to have the car inspected prior to purchase. You can take it to Carmax, but they are going to inspect it prior to offering you a price. 