 Bit of a wild situation for some friends who are renting an apartment, trying to figure out how to proceed. My friends (let's call them Jack and Jill) made a complaint to the regional office of the property management company they rent from about a conflict with their onsite property manager. The manager was told about the complaint. She in turn told her husband where my friends lived, what car they drive, and what their schedule is. When they came home from work the following day, a stranger knocked on their door and told them their car had been hit in the parking lot. Jack went down to check, where the property manager's husband and two accomplices were all waiting and jumped him. Jack was hit in the neck and ear hard enough to bruise and break the skin, before managing to get away and call 911. Police advised Jack and Jill to speak to the property management office, but the office canceled their appointment with Jack and Jill just before the meeting. I'm wondering if any actual laws were broken in terms of renter's rights and confidentiality, since Jack and Jill's information was disclosed by an employee of the property management company to a private individual with malicious intent. I'm finding a lot of different things in my googling of the topic. Were their tenants rights violated? Does the property management company have a responsibility to cover expenses for them moving or reduce rent or anything along those lines? Is this a situation where an attorney should be involved? Thank you so much for any help. Sorry, huge edit to my advice. Do NOT record interactions without consent. California is 2 party consent to recording. I meant document interactions You're write, I meant written only. Editted to clarify.  Did the police not investigate the assault and battery? Have Jack and Jill filed a police report about that? It looks like this is a pattern for him. He's currently on parole and has violent priors in each of the last three years. :(  Apparently the police also talked to the property manager's office before advising Jack and Jill to go talk to them as well, and told them they might be entitled to reduced rent.  Great idea, thank you. Also, upload the photos to a cloud service. That way there is a third party confirmation about the date and time of the photos. Please remember that bruises worsen with time. Take follow-up photos. Hopefully OP’s friends have proof, it can be a slam dunk case. Any competent DA will take up that offer to prosecute. Also it’s better for the friends and DA. The friends don’t have to live in fear and the DA doesn’t have anyone making bashing ads during reelection that they let violent criminals back on the street  Ugh that’s so shitty.  The police told them to speak to their property manager. Turning them away. Maybe the police just don’t do something unless there is video evidence Oh, did the cops in this case in this case call it a civil matter only? God I hope not. Because that’s absolutely not true.  I was talking about how cops called it a “civil matter” which is technically true but halfway. It’s both. They are refusing to turn it into a criminal matter  But that I mean you have the criminal side of it, where a prosecutors tries to convict for the crimes of battery and assault. And you have the civil side, where the guy can sue them in his own name for assault and battery and recover medical expenses, etc. Assault and battery can be both criminal and civil.  It’s both. But for different reasons. The OP can move out now and break lease for feeling unsafe after being attacked and also, ya know, being attacked  It can ALSO be a civil issue.  were there witnesses? Get their testimony on video.  Also, you might want to see about getting a restraining order. Just curious, what was the original complaint? Nothing justifies the responce by the husband, but I'm wondering what made him respond with so much violence.  I mean, written communications count as interactions... You can take notes regarding details on telephone conversations... You can also start every call with "this call is being recorded"... Wow, that is scary! Sorry for your friends. IANAL, but the heart of this is criminal matter - assault. Police report and filing charges are the important things. As to landlord / tenant, it’s hard to say if anything was really breached there. Likely the Property Management will claim the assailant is not their employee and release of personal information will be hard to prove unless the assailant admits it. It’s possible the Property Management company can be sued, but it’s not really a landlord / tenant issue at that point. Do they want to stay where they live or move? If they want to move and have a lease, they can likely negativste a penalty-free lease break with the Property Management company. That’s probably the best course of action if they already complained about the manager.  He or she is saying go to a store or something nearby that records the surrounding area and see if they recorded it.  They came out and jumped him. That’s not a civil issue that is assault and battery. The husband and his buddies can be in prison for that. Speak with your local DA and tell them. Well get the friends involved who were assaulted to tell them. If they have cameras that’s even more proof   Wait, this isn't all the police did right? Don't talk to the apartment people without a lawyer anyway.  Ianal. This might also count as a constructed eviction if the tenant moves because they fear for their safety due to the landlords involvement in the asult.  Thank you so much. Passing all of this to them. Police report has been filed, we'll keep them in the loop too.  Super good idea, done and done.  Police report has been filed. Thanks so much for the advice and assurance that this is a legitimate attorney worthy situation, I'm passing all of this along.  No, do not record those interactions! It’s not legal to record in California unless both parties consent! I CANNOT AGREE MORE! This should, if it's about as clear cut as you say it is this situation involves MANY laws being broken, I'd also file a police report for the assault and document any further interaction between you and the landlord. Avoid contact and stay safe in the mean time No question, you need an attorney File a police report immediately if you haven't already. Most states have landlord tenant confidentiality laws, it this certainly sounds like a violation. Seriously though. File a police report. And if you can't get them that way, sue for medical expenses. Document any interactions you have from now on with the landlord. Document and gather proof (pictures of injuries, etc) any cameras nearby, even from other buildings just to show you both walking to the garage at the same time Edit: I said record and meant document. California is 2 party consent to recording, do not do that And if you haven’t taken pictures of his wounds you should. NAL GET. AN. ATTORNEY. Youll probably make their day with this case. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.