 A reddit user posted my Instagram selfie on a sub called r/IndianBabes without my consent. I requested the user to delete the post and he has complied and he has deleted his account as well. What can I do about this?  You've exhausted all your options and the picture was taken down, which is pretty much the singular outcome you're entitled to. If this continues to happen in the future, you might have more avenues of recourse, but for now, you got the outcome you're entitled to so everything is done and there is nothing further to do. Mental trauma?  What are your damages? Mmmm not really. Unless you can prove that your phone was hacked or something there is nothing you can do  Your persuit for vengeance alarms us all I have deleted the pic from my Instagram. My Instagram is private. He obtained my photo from somewhere and posted it online. Isn't it a privacy violation?  It was from my Instagram which is private. I have deleted that pic from my Instagram now The simple answer is you don't. If you knew his identity and he continuously posted your photos around the internet despite your repeated requests not to, you might have an argument for some form of cyberstalking/harassment. But you don't know who this person is, as far as you know this is the only time they've done this (to you, at least), and they took it down when you asked. And even though Reddit undoubtedly has a record of the IP address your photo was posted from, they aren't going to turn over that data without a warrant from a law enforcement body, which won't happen since no crime has been committed. There’s nothing you can do. The photo is gone. Move on How is it violation of privacy if you posted the picture online? But isn't it a violation of my privacy to post my pic without my consent? Is it possible to find his IP address knowing I'm from India?  This is not a criminal copyright infringement case. It's not harassment. It was one pic that was posted, and you got it successfully removed. That's about the extent of what's going to happen. Yes but how do I make him pay for the harassment and copyright infringement?  Can I press charges for copyright infringement or cyber harassment?  Yeah that does not really mean anything. Sorry to say it, but you can't do anything.  How can I punish him for posting my pic?  The selfie was not of sexual nature. But the sub is sexual in nature Nothing? The pic was removed when you requested.  Exactly. Not a whole lot to be done. If it was sexual in nature you can go to the police I guess, but the chances of finding the guy are pretty slim.  You’ve done everything you can do  You asked him to take it down and he did. What's the problem? You could file a DMCA takedown notice of he hadn't taken it down, but he did so that point is moot. If you're trying to stop people from reposting your selfies, your only other remedy is to delete/set private your social media presence. What action can be pursued? The selfie has already been deleted  You want to pursue action against him? Or do you want the selfie to be purged of the internet? What do you want? 