 So in Virginia, reckless driving is a misdemeanor which means when I got pulled over I got a summons and can't just pay a fine like a ticket. Anyways, on the day that I got pulled over, I later lost my job (working in election work lol) and so I'm wondering my options. I got caught driving 80 in a 55. I don't have a previous criminal record. I have one speeding ticket that was from DC but it was only a fine, which I paid. I don't think I can afford an attorney given that I was just let go with a small severance. How do I prepare my case for the judge? Do I just go in and apologize? Should I be proactive and take a driving class and bring that on my court date? What do I do?  Contrary to some, speaking generally on the topic of reckless driving in Virginia, you are unlikely to receive jail time or the $2500 fine. While there are some rare occasions, this typically stems from a journalist’s experience in being jailed for reckless driving. That being said, you will have to pay a hefty fine. When you appear in court, always be courteous and respectful to the presiding judge. You may explain your situation to the judge and be sure to state your facts. You may ask for some leniency in the form of you taking a defensive driving course which is 8 hours long. This will possibly allow you a reduction in your fine. Again this is a class 1 misdemeanor charge which carries the penalty of a fine not to exceed $2500 and or confinement of no more than 12 months. The top end is usually given to those repeat offenders who then have their license suspended and depending on the circumstances, jail time. Jail time and steep fines are more than likely accompanied with other infractions. For first offenders in VA it’s really not a big deal other than the fine, which might I add, could be higher due to your previous ticket. I say this all with the understanding that you were just not paying attention or were in a rush instead of deliberately seeing how fast you could go or things like that.  You have to hire an attorney. Reckless driving in Virginia carries the real risk of jail time. This isn't DIY territory. [This](http://www.vsb.org/vlrs/) is the VA bar referral service. $35 will get you a half hour consultation. Use it and hire a traffic lawyer you jive with.  I would seek out an attorney's help. In VA you could face jail time, upwards of a 2.5k fine, as well as suspension (though I believe since you live outside of VA they can only ban you from driving in VA). Unlikely that this will all occur but you will want to talk to your attorney about first time offenders status.