 My dad has cancer and is being put on hospice today. He has no health insurance (in the US), and is 3 months away from qualifying for Medicare. He owns no property, and owes money on his truck (we are giving it back to the dealership). He has a 70K life insurance policy (we think), with myself and 2 brothers listed as the beneficiaries. He has been in the hospital since Saturday, and they are coming to speak with us about hospice care today. My name is on his accounts, and I found out today he has roughly $45,000. I want to use that to pay for his end of life expenses- someone to care for him if/when he goes home (he can't be by himself, but I am a single mother of 3 who lives 2 hours away, and both my brothers have to work), hospice care, cremation, funeral, plot, etc. Should I move his money to an account with just my name that i set up specifically for this purpose? He has a girlfriend and they live together, but always kept separate finances. She has made it clear that she is fine financially, and doesn't need anything (they rent their home). He doesn't qualify for Medicaid because he made too much money last year.  Just a note about the truck—please make sure the dealership will not go after you for the remaining balance after returning the vehicle. My in laws allowed a loan to default after a grandparent passed away. They were shocked when they had to pay the remaining balance on the car after the dealership collected it. The cost ate up most of the inheritance money that would have gone to cover funeral expenses. You may be better off selling the truck. I’m sorry for the difficulties your family is going through.  Yes. You'll need to use your father's assets until they're exhausted and he qualifies for medicaid. You should likely consult an attorney or perhaps even a social worker in his care facility to identify the right ways to gain access to and use those funds for his benefit. You probably don't want to just withdraw the money from his account unless he is clearly capable of directing that action.