 Crossposting from r/personalfinance. As the title says, my fiancé basically got screwed. Here's the story: We recently moved to a new city and she started a new job. Very quickly that job promoted her to a new position, granting her salary and benefits – including health insurance. After a month of that position, the company laid off 2/3 - 3/4 of their workforce. My fiancé was spared the lay off, but she was demoted. This is the crux of the problem. The main issue Because of her demotion, they have changed her benefits. She asked HR if her health insurance policy would still be in effect and did not receive an answer until yesterday – a day before open enrollment ends. She had good, cheap insurance before her promotion that she left to take the company insurance, now the only insurance she can find is over $350/month which is not affordable for her. What are her options? Please no "take a new job," we know that but it's not so easy to move that quickly. I'm more interested in things like "aren't companies that have more than X employees required to offer coverage?" Or does she have any other avenues to force their hand or, for lack of a better word, retribution? Again, we know another job is the best option but until that happens, what can she do now? We are in Louisiana if that matters. Thanks! Forgive my naivete, how do you do that? She should be able to go back on the previous insurance, even out of open enrollment due to a change in status.  That is a good question that I honestly don’t know the answer to.  Posted elsewhere but how does the employee know if they are doing one or the other? Can't the company not offer it and also not pay the tax without anyone knowing? Edit - Why is this downvoted? Seriously, care to explain? Unless she had a written agreement which guaranteed salary and benefits for a definite period of time, she doesn’t have any avenues. She’s likely an at-will employee and as such, her employment agreement can change at any time. Employers do not have to offer insurance. If they have more than the required number of employees, they can either offer insurance or pay the tax penalty.   .  'm more interested in things like "aren't companies that have more than X employees required to offer coverage?" Well, how many people now work at the company?