 My father died a month ago, and left behind a 5.2 million dollar estate that consists entirely of stocks, bonds, mutual funds, etc. He owned no real estate or businesses, and had no debt (to our knowledge), save for a couple credit card balances. He has a trust and IRAs (which are outside the trust). The heirs (4) will inherit the IRAs (split into four separate). Before my father died, he told me he wanted the assets within the estate sold off upon his death, converted to cash, and then that would be distributed upon estate settlement. He didn't want a market crash to happen during a lengthy settlement. After he died, my sister took over as executor and trustee, and she is working with my father's financial advisor at Raymond James. When I asked the advisor if the assets were to be converted to cash, he said "no, we aren't going to do that. The assets will be distributed in-kind when the estate is finally settled". Since that conversation, the stock market has tanked to the tune of 16-20% and 500k of the estate has gone up in smoke (at least on paper). I asked my sister if anything was being done to preserve the value of the estate, and she said that the financial advisor told her nothing can be done until the estate is completely settled, so it was out of her hands. I don't see how that can be correct. To make matters worse, an attorney talked her into opening a probate, even though my father had a trust and virtually no debt. The settlement process is now expected to last for 6 months to a year. So my questions are: 1. Is it true that the executor / trustee cannot sell any stocks within the estate prior to settlement/distribution? She can't even put in stop-loss orders? 2. Since the heirs are direct beneficiaries of the IRAs, and those accounts are not in the trust (can't be), how can distribution of the IRA be held back for 6 months to a year while the estate settles, especially if there is more than enough money in the taxable accounts to satisfy taxes and bills? 3. Doesn't the executor have a legal obligation to preserve the value of the estate during settlement? The financial advisor at Raymond James won't return my emails or phone calls (he is my advisor as well, so go figure). He has been avoiding me for a few weeks. I spoke with the executor / trustee yesterday (my sister). She said that the money manager at Raymond James told her absolutely nothing could be done until the estate is completely settled after probate, taxes, etc. (6-12 months minimum). Nothing could be sold, purchased, moved, distributed, etc. From everything I have seen here and elsewhere, that simply isn't true. The IRAs should be able to be retitled as mentioned previously, and the life insurance policies (there are 2-3 in the estate) should pay out to beneficiaries. This advisor hasn't even told my sister that the insurance companies need to be notified and provided with death certificates. It has been a month since my dad died. I am wondering if the advisor / manager simply wants to collect the 1.2 - 2.0% management fee on the IRAs (3+ million) before they get split up and moved. Most of that money would be moved to other institutions, as the heirs have accounts elsewhere. Likewise, telling my sister, who is the trustee (that has already been established) that she can't do anything at all with the assets, seems like a way to keep the money invested in products that have a relationship with Raymond James. Does this sound accurate? The trust can sell assets if the new trustee instructs the BD to do so - if the deceased was the trustee previously (common) they need to be replaced on the the account - trustee certification/death certificate, CIP info is required. Very standard. IRAs are easy - fill out an app and send in a death certificate if you are the bene. Assets will transfer in kind if invested, then you can do what you wish. Ask a tax advisor on what life expectancy you should distribute assets to yourself. Trust: simply changes trustee. IRA: has to change ownership, report to IRS. Beneficiary distribution accounts have their own rules to which you must adhere. Make sure RMDs for the deceased are not an issue for the year. A Raymond James rep has no say - trust must follow its own stated rules, and an IRA either has stated beneficiaries or it does not. (I have pretty extensive experience in BD/wire house/clearing operations) The estate still owns just as many shares of stock as it did before, even if they're temporarily discounted right now. The value will come back as long as you don't panic. If you need more reassurance, post in r/personalfinance and/or hire your own fee-only, fiduciary, financial planner.  If you're concerned with how things are being handled, get a copy of the trust docs and take them to an estate attorney to evaluate on your own so you can get independent confirmation of what you're looking at and if anything can or should be different. Assuming everything is pretty cookie cutter, you should be able to get a successor IRA set up with the death certificate beneficiary info being sufficient to move assets from his to yours. But that's a fairly large assumption and I have no idea what the IRA, trust docs, or anything else involved actually look like right now. Ultimately, the probate process is slow. If you're going to panic about market fluctuations, you're going to have a bad time of it. There are no shortcuts to liquidating an estate of that size. You can either get hung up on a gambler's fallacy about how much you "should have" had, or keep your eye to the fact that this is a windfall full of long term investments that can secure your financial future.   Should work.  if it will take 15 months, it is likely the estate could be down 50-60% in that time (if things continue like they are going now). I am wondering if it is possible as a beneficiary of the IRA to open an account with another firm, present the death certificate to Raymond James, and demand the share of the IRA (the successor account)? Since this is outside the trust, would it even involve the executor/trustee?  I read the trust (although I do not have the copy now), and it does not specify what is to be done with the assets immediately after death, only that the estate is to be divided four ways. This was the excuse the investment advisor gave me for not liquidating the stocks, namely that it doesn't say that in the trust. The four heirs are named as direct beneficiaries of the IRAs (the trust is not a beneficiary). Of that I am certain, and the investment advisor did tell me inherited/successor IRAs would be set up. The problem is, he is also telling the executor that nothing can be done until settlement is complete. The probate hasn't even been filed yet, and it is a month after my father's death. From there it is 6 months minimum and then probably more time to finalize taxes. We could be looking at a year before the IRAs are distributed.  Yes, that is not correct. Your sister, as successor Trustee should have instructed the broker to liquidate the actions, or, assuming she did, he is potentially liable for his failure to do so, but let's step back a bit. Your sister, as Trustee, has a fiduciary responsibility, but that doesn't mean she is necessarily on the hook for any mistakes she makes. She can seek professional advisers, like the broker, accountants, attorneys, etc. to help her and advise her. Whether your father's instructions to liquidate the portfolio upon his demise is something she needed to do immediately is open to debate. First, he told you, not her this. Second, it was verbal and not necessarily in writing to her. So, typically, an estate such as your father does distribute some of the securities in kind (meaning they do not necessarily always liquidate the positions and distribute cash. What it means is if he has 1000 shares of Amazon and 400 shares of IBM, each of you would receive 250 shares of Amazon and 100 shares of IBM. It does typically take 12 - 24 months to complete the estate process, but based on your facts presented, I would suspect the 12 months will be the longest this might take. To answer your specific questions: 1) No, it is not true. I am working on an estate today and the securities held were sold by the Trustee about one month after he died. 2) The IRA passes outside probate. What this means is the IRA account is broken into equal shares and transferred to the beneficiaries through new accounts they establish called "Inherited IRA's". This typically occurs fairly quickly. 3) I'm going to saw not a legal obligation, but a fiduciary obligation. So, while it is unfortunate that the market value of the account has dropped, it is no necessarily something she is responsible for. You may want to talk to someone about transferring your account elsewhere. EDIT: Forgot to mention that because of the size of the estate, there will likely be an estate tax due in Illinois, so maybe 15 months to wrap things up. 1. It's complicated and depends on the terms of the will, if any existed. And if there are debts that need settling. For instance, if the will says "My shares in a mutual fund goes to Person X", then the executor must deliver those shares, and not the cash value. Even if cashing them out would have been beneficial to Person X. 2. Again, it depends. Things like your father's age when he died, any incumberances on the IRA, possible disputes over the beneficiary being named, etc. Assuming you're correct that you're all named beneficiaries on the account itself, the distributions can be made within certain terms and limitations if there are no other complications. But it would be really unusual for this to take less than a month to sort out. 3. Yes, but it's not absolute. It comes second to following the terms laid out in the will or trust, and to following other legal requirements for maintaining and distributing the estate. And preserving the value of the estate generally means preserving the quality and usefulness of the assets in it, not maintaining maximum cash value. If she had lost shares of stock, or let a house fall into disrepair, or destroyed a car, that would be a violation. The fact that the market dipped isn't. And if you're not the executor or an authorized agent, the financial advisors can't talk to you about the estate. You aren't the client, the estate is, and only the estate's representatives can discuss it with them Sounds worth it to get a lawyer and try to speed things up. The Market looks ready to crash harder. 