 I shared this in the mental illness subreddit and was given advice to share it here. In 2017, my cousin identified as me when he was found nearly overdosing in a car that he fraudulently registered in my name. When he was revived, he said he was me. Then he was taken to the hospital. No one made sure he left the hospital in handcuffs. God knows he's been in and out of the local jail many times. All they had to do was finger print him. After he left the hospital, the police showed back up later for him and realized he was gone and then issues a warrant in my name. Months later, during a time that I still had trust for cops, I called the police to report that my car had been hit in my parking lot at the apartment I was living in (For insurance purposes). The police show up and sdo the report with me and then tell me "By the way we have a warrant for your arrest for stolen registration and possession of heroine." I was confused and terrified. They took me (an innocent man) into custody and treated me like a criminal. I had just bought a money order for my rent hours before this. I asked respectfully if I could sign that money order over to them for bond and they said no, though I didn't hear them so I asked again and they said "I already fucking answered that we can't take your god damn money order. Ask again I dare you!" I got ahold of a friend to bail me out. I signed the money order to her before I checked my stuff in and released it to her. I got evicted for non payment of rent and then lived in my car for 3 months while also having to pay for a court ordered drug and alcohol assessment, regular drug screenings, and had to prove that it wasn't me that day. Thankfully the hospital takes a picture of the patient and attaches it to the medical record. Also, thankfully I was working during the time of the incident. Despite having home run evidence in my favor, I still paid 2500 for a defense attorney. The threat of 3-7 years was terrifying and I didn't care if it meant not being able to get a place at the time. I have been seeing a ptsd specialist as this has dramatically effected my life. I want to not fear cops but I just can't. I can't drive without panicking if I see a cop. Even though I know I'm a law abiding citizen, I'm terrified of getting pulled over. Stop lights freak me out because I feel like a sitting duck. If I'm driving at a consistent speed, I can account for who or what is behind me. When I'm at a red light, and there's no one behind me, I start panicking and staring at the rearview mirror worrying about a cop rolling up on me. Red lights are torture for me. I shut in and avoid driving unless it's for work. This has effected the relationship with me and my pregnant fiancee. I get fixated on my anxieties over law enforcement and I get short tempered and angry. We get in yelling matches a lot. Sometimes I just want to leave. Should I pursue damaged against the police and/or my cousin?  Hey it's no worries at all. I apologize if I were a bit brash in return. It's a, subject of great passion for me. I'm sorry if my comment bothered you in any way. I should have worded better. Life really is unfair sometimes to good people who just try to live their lives :( I agree. He is to blame. I don't exactly think highly of the cop that couldn't be bothered to be sure he had the right guy, but my cousin is the source of all of this. I mentioned blame in a sense that you should be going after him, not the law enforcement. Your cousin was the one who caused all this. My cousin is a heroine head dead beat of a human being. I made it clear that I cut ties with my family. I thought that my blame toward him was pretty clearly implied there. My problem with the police is that I would hold them to a higher standard than that of my cousin. My problem with law enforcement is more systemic than personal. Because of this, I have no issue with seeking vindication against an oppressive system. My cousin is an easy target, and blame is obvious against him. I'm simply doing what I can to show the less obvious blame against the oppressive militaristic police force. Or your cousin should not have lied in the first place. It's funny that you never blame your cousin once for all that's happened, only the law enforcement. You can get free or low cost initial consultations with personal injury attorneys via your state bar association. They will advise whether you have any sort of case, and whether they are willing to represent you. If your cousin is judgmental proof (ie little or no assets or money), there is less chance of them taking on a case against him. You can discuss with them also whether there’s possibly a case against the PD. On a personal note, it sounds like you need some therapy for PTSD or CPTSD, or to see if there are any underlying issues that may be hampering your recovery from this. As a parent, I highly recommend you doing all you can to get the help you need now, before you’re a parent. There’s far less time and far more stress once you have a baby.  I appreciate the clarification here. This actually helps a lot. As someone who works at a hospital, and deals with this fairly frequently, I can tell you that it is in fact SOP. At least in every hospital I’ve worked at. Unless they’re a violent criminal, most OD’s will get taken to the ER and then made in-patient until they’re stabilized. The police will issue an arrest warrant so they’re picked up later. Very rarely will they come for pickup after discharge. I’m sorry this happened to you, but you should direct your anger at your cousin, not the police. How it played out is pretty much exactly what my police department would do, too. Medical emergencies take priority over arrests, so the patient would be transported to the hospital and am arrest would be made after they'd been medically cleared. For stuff like overdoses we wouldn't usually send an officer down to babysit the patient. Unfortunately this does sometimes lead to patients leaving the hospital before an arrest can be made. If that happens, a warrant is issued and eventually the arrest is made. If that is your theory, talk to an attorney. How do you know what the SOP is for this instance? How do you know that the arresting officers didn't have something they had to do in between arresting your cousin and going back to get him? How do you know they acted unreasonably? Or with gross negligence? There are procedural steps which must be followed, and time limits within in which to sue a government agency. You have no cause of action against the police. You can attempt to sue your cousin for your damages.  My claim ia against the cop who responded to the call when he was overdosing. It was correct protocol to make sure he got to the hospital given the circumstances. I acknowledge this. But further protocol dictated he left the hospital in handcuffs, which is where this becomes incompetence in my mind. The cops came back for him, but he rushed through the medical examination and was able to get released before they got back. All they had to do was book him and finger print him (a standard part of the booking process). If that were done, as it should have been, I would not have gone through this.  Maybe I missed it, but what do you think the police did wrong, to you? Are you talking about the police who arrested your cousin and didn't verify his identity or the police who picked you up on a warrant? Generally, suing a government agency is a lot more complicated than suing others. You can talk to an attorney who has experience in your state's Tort Claims Act. Does your cousin have any money or assets to go after? Has your doctor stated that your PTSD is caused by your arrest? Not a lawyer. I think your case will be against your cousin first and foremost. He’s the one who committed fraud and led to the entire string of events that brought you to where you are currently. You could sue him for damages and would likely win. Unfortunately, he sounds like the type of person who likely will not have the money to pay you. The police sounded like assholes, to be sure. If you can prove that they didn’t do necessary due diligence to verify that you were indeed the person they were looking for, you would likely have a case. Additionally, if they mistreated you— by that I mean did not follow protocol and this led to damage against you — this would add to their liability. You’re going to need a lawyer. 