 This is in Virginia. So for some background, I have a friend who is on again off again dating the father of her child. They have a 4 year old together. Due to both of their traumatic upbringings, they decided to live together even when not dating. My friend, Ava, and the father of her child, James, haven’t been dating for the past two years but coparent together and he lives in her home. Ava knew he was “up to no good” but that’s it. She didn’t know the magnitude of any of his crimes. She did however know that he has been to jail and prison long ago. One day, the doorbell rang. Both Ava and James were home. Their daughter was at school. They didn’t answer it until they heard something to the effect of “US Marshalls, we need James Smith”. Ava opened the door to let them in. They searched the home. Found evidence, arrested James and now he is waiting for trial on two counts of grand theft auto, grand larceny, armed robbery, possession of a firearm by a felon, and the list goes on. He will be facing years and years, of course. Ava knew he was doing “not good things” but had no idea the magnitude of it. She knows nothing about the crimes he committed. In fact, she told me it would be bittersweet if he did some time because he causes mood swings in their daughter (who has autism). A few days later, a detective came to Ava’s house to ask questions. She told me this after the fact. He looked around the house (what more could they even be looking for because the Marshalls took a lot). She let him in, let him take a letter James wrote to her, and asked a few questions and left. After this happened, I told her that she could have said she wanted an attorney present. But hindsight is 20/20. I’m not asking for advice about James. If he is charged with those crimes, he deserves to do the time. But I’m asking about Ava’s rights. She does have a right to an attorney if they are questioning her, right? What else can I tell her? She’s very stressed about all of this and I want to see if there is anything else she can or should do? Thank you  You don't always have the absolute right to an attorney. You certainly can consult one and refuse to answer questions without one present. However, the only time there is an absolute right to have an attorney (meaning one will be provided to you if you cannot afford one) is during custodial interrogations.  Thank you. That is what I thought. She seemed to think she wants entitled to one for whatever reason.  You always have the right to an attorney. AND you have the right to not be questioned unless your attorney is present. Do not believe them if they say you don't need a lawyer present; they are just going to ask you some questions. Remember: You have the right to remain silent, and anything you say CAN be used AGAINST you. 