 I am new to reddit. I read the requirements, but this isn't a question about myself, its about my grandma. If it isnt allowed here, before deleting can someone please let me know where I can ask? My grandmother is 87. She has been sick for a while and she has now gotten very sick and is on life support. She isnt coming back this time :( I live in NYC. And she lives in TN. I am not able to go to TN until December 20th due to military obligations. Could they wait to pull the plug until I got there? I really want to say my goodbyes. Even if she cant hear them, just for my peace. Thanks in advance.  [removed] If you're on active duty and her death is imminent, you can have family members [contact the American Red Cross]() for emergency leave. Even if you don't have enough leave accrued, the military will advance it to you for this. ARC does not authorize the leave. THey act as a 3rd-party verification service. The request has to come from the family through ARC. I'm sorry for what you're going through. Grace and peace, and thanks for your willingness to serve. I'm so sorry to hear this about your grandmother. A few quick thoughts from medical provider side: \-Even on life support, things happen all the time, and when the body decides it's time, there's often very little that can be done to keep it going. Asking 10 days of an ill 87 year old body on life support is a lot \-The best pain medications and sedatives may not completely remove any pain or suffering, so if there is little/no chance for a meaningful recovery, it may be in her best interest to not prolong any suffering- but that is a discussion for the providers and family/decision makers \-Even if it looks like you will be able to make it to see her in person, I would recommend using some form of video chat or even having the phone placed by her so that you can speak to her now, in case for some reason she worsens or you are unable to make it there. I've seen many ICU nurse angels use their own phones for things like this (they can use \67 to hide #) or hospital wireless phone if able \-For military obligations, I have happily written letters to several commands or gone through Red Cross to get family members home to say goodbye. Not sure if there are differences if the family member is stateside, but certainly worth looking into with your command and possibly Red Cross Again, I'm so sorry you have to go through this, from far away, and especially at Holiday time. Sending love and thoughts to you and your family.  They can pull the plug unless you have the power of attorney but you can ask them to wait for you but ultimately it is up to whoever has power of attorney Whoever is in power to make that decision can decide to wait to pull the plug. Unless she had a living will written giving explicit instructions on what to do in this situation. Even if it’s not written, and it’s been verbally expressed in the past that she would want to pass instead of suffering, I would honor that wish even if that means you don’t get to say your goodbyes. 