 A family member was bequeathed a house, but since they have their own they said I could live there, and I just cut them a check every month to offset taxes and the like. they get money, i save some money; sounded like a win-win. However, "It's my house" seems trump any semblance of courtesy, privacy, or boundaries. Asking for a heads-up before they come over, asking for a list of work they want done in the house so i can instead do it for them(because they wander around beyond just that work), is all seen as an attempt to "keep them out of their own house" A good example to illustrate the silliness of the situation: once during summer there a big invasive stinkbug collection inside the sill of my window. a couple dozen found themselves between the glass and the screen. I'm chatting with the homeowner and mention im gonna do something about it. They get a great idea to use a leaf blower to just blow them all out away: from inside my room. I have to physically block them from entering my room with the leaf blower, and they say "well it's my house". They relented but still; that plan isn't going to work, and i'll be the one with stinkbugs in my bedroom. I am moving out because of this, but their dirtbag son who is living there too has to decided to 'step up' and pay utilities, and to cut his costs he keeps the house at 65 F. Even though leaving was a long time coming, I i still gave them thousands of dollars over the course of a year+, so i am wondering if i had any right to say things like "no you can't just show up like this and go through things"  That's incredibly helpful, thank you... again! Ohio Revised Code Section 5321.04 (as of 2015) only requires "reasonable heat". It does not define what that is. This means you could bump the heat up, but you'd likely have to offer money to make that stick. Yes it has been made clear I am out, on Day X. I agree it wouldn't be worth it, but the petty part of me thinks would've been nice to have some sort of outside authority "scare" them out of the delusion they can have their cake and eat it too. Anything i can do about the heat? lol That is a shame to hear. It is likely not worth the effort of getting the police involved. If moving day is in the next 30+ days, do not forget to make sure you have notifies the owner you intend to move out (as you are considered to be on a month-to-month lease).   In hindsight the only solid understanding is that I was very naive. They are just bizarrely invasive and nosy, they even snuck into my bathroom to "switch soaps" because their kid had one the same color, and thought i took it from his bathroom. After having gone over it, twice, I had just bought a bunch Still there! moving day can't come soon enough. It's getting cold in there  You were a tenant and had tenant's rights. You could have shoved back by involving the police, but it is kinda late for that as you have moved out. Your story happens to be why I have sworn to never rent from family or friends.  "no you can't just show up like this and go through things" Sure. But without anything written, what was the understanding? That you were renting a room or renting the house in its entirety? That makes some difference but regardless you have rights they violated. Even without a written lease you're a month to month tenant, so make sure you give proper written notice under Ohio landlord/tenant law. [Here's a brief overview.]()