 Hi my name is Samuel I’m from New Jersey. So let me give u some back story of what’s going on. On the 14 of December I was making my way to a Christmas party that I was invited to in the Bronx New York. When I decided to pull in to a McDonald to buy something drink as I was making my way around to the drive thru I passed through a one way 2 lane road within the McDonald the left lane was to pay and the second window was to pick up your order. I was on the right lane as it is the lane intended for cars to go around to the drive tru to order at the booth. I passed the car who was picking up his order and I was already more than 80% of my car at the curve which can only fit one car when the car that was picking up his food aggressively accelerated and hit me on the driver side of the vehicle more precisely on the fender on top of my left tire. I came out the guy was in shock nobody was injured. I told him I was gonna call the cop and he tried to bargain I took a picture of his license plate Incase he decided to leave the scene. I call the cop they come 20 minutes later and by that time we moved the car from where the incident happened and moved to the parking lot section of the McDonald. Short story short this is what the cop wrote on the police report At tpo motorist 1 states he was maneuvering his vehicle through a parking lot when vehicle 2 side swiped his vehicle while he also was maneuvering parking lot. Investigating officers did not observe collision. No injuries claimed at scene. Parking lot is private owned by McDonald’s restaurant. I send the report to my lawyer and says the way the cop worded the report put me at 100% responsible for the accident even thought the cop did not write what happened ? On the third paper there a image of what “supposedly happened and basically saying the other car sideswipe me. Because I made a left on a right ? When the left lane is suppose to marge to the right before u get to the curve to get to the booth where u order  I just got my police report today my lawyer gave it a quick look because I kept calling he said the report put me at 100 fault but to give him until the 3 of January to see all the paper work the precinct gave me to help me out he on vacation right now so he told me what he could.  Sorry now that I re-read the whole thing after I posted it I thought I put my question in there My question is what can I do because my insurance is siding with me but the other guy insurance says it my fault cause of how the report is worded out and my insurance just dropped 400 dollars which I’m happy and now my insurance saying that it might go up again  What's your question? Police reports can be wrong. They can be challenged. It's not 100% truthful because it's in the police report.