 My insurance is liability only, so this can only go through the police and the court. I have already filed with my insurance to document this incident. My partner was driving my car on the freeway in route to the airport when construction slowed down the flow of traffic. We slowed down as well, driving slowly until we came to a full stop when traffic no longer moved. We did not suddenly break. Suddenly, the car behind us rear ended our car at a high speed, then pushed past us by changing lanes into the cordoned off construction lane and speeding off. I was sitting in the back seat and got the worst of the impact. This is my first serious car accident. The only one I was involved with was years before and involved minor paint damage. I didn’t have the experience, and stupidly didn’t think of calling the police at the scene. I panicked. I was focused on heading to get medical treatment, then we went to catch our flights. After landing, I headed to urgent care, got my injuries documented, informed my insurance (which is liability only) and then called the police. We were told to make a report in person, and that we have 10 days to do so. Right now we are out of town. The evidence: Paint? from their license plate actually stamped their full license plate number into my car. My front dash cam caught them speeding off into the cordoned off lane after impact. (However, the date on the cam is incorrectly set to last year, and I didn’t catch this discrepancy until we watched the footage.) Back dash cam was knocked out of position from impact and did not catch footage of the other car. My friend in the passenger’s seat was in crash and documented the color and make of the other car, but couldn’t get a picture before the person sped off. Same day documentation of injuries and insurance claim filed. My car damage: Trunk crushed into car + bumper damage. Looks like a couple to a few thousand dollars of damage. Personal injury: Me: I hit my head, have an abrasion and bleeding on my skull, external swelling, terrible headache Friend: Back pain, dizziness, trouble standing My (admittedly very ignorant) questions are: If we’re able to locate the other driver, would we be looking at a small claims case? Based on what we have, how likely would a case result in our favor, and how likely would we be able to recoup some compensation? Basically, would small claims be worth it? How much do these cases generally cost? Would we have to leave the car damaged until it gets assessed? Who assesses the damage done to my car and how does that process go? Filing police report: Is it fine as long as long as we file within the ten days, or would booking another flight and heading back to the city where the incident happened to file ASAP be better for our case?  Thanks for the well wishes- we really appreciate them. And that’s such a true thing said, we’ll recover from and learn from this experience, and that’s what’s important.  Just coming back to this. Dang it stinks your folks did that. I really hope everything works out. Life lessons are costly sometimes. If you come out healthy, you're on top. Money can eventually be earned, health is more difficult.  Yeah, definitely. The sad thing is we actually thought we had full coverage on the car. I trusted my parents to handle our family car insurance, but they switched me off full coverage without informing me in order get a cheaper insurance rate, even though I was the one making the insurance payments. Just a sucky lesson all around to be more vigilant and review everything I’m under ahead of time.  [removed] They can claim they weren't driving, but unless it's established the car was stolen, they should provide insurance. This is really why you want to have full coverage on your own policy. Your insurance company would be handling, and paying for, everything. Thanks for the well wishes and the advice :)  Thanks! Do you happen to know if the driver can claim that they weren’t driving the car in order to avoid providing insurance information, or do they have to provide insurance as long as their car can be linked to the accident?  I would file a police report in person. If they said you have 10 days then you should be ok within that time frame. I would call them back to confirm that you do have 10 days, get the name of the person you speak to (write it down with time and date), and ask for the law or code that specifies how long you can wait (so you can look it up to verify). Good luck and I hope yall feel better soon. If you're able to locate the other driver, you should contact the police and try to get their insurance information, if they have it. Then make an insurance claim. If they're uninsured, you can sue if you wish. But the chances are that you'll be successful at collecting a judgment from an uninsured driver are pretty bad, TBH.