 It was suggested I x-post this here for better visibility, TIA for reading and any tips/suggestions. ---- Anyone well versed in marriage annulments? My idiot brother, whom I've spoken of in this context before, decided to go through with the wedding last month, no pre-nup. They're fighting constantly, worse than before the marriage, and have not consummated it yet. He came over this weekend and spoke with my father and I. Head in his hands, crying, embarrassed, ashamed. He kept saying "I should have listened, damnit deathsythe was right" THE DAY AFTER THE WEDDING she brought up getting an annulment. They hadn't even left on their honeymoon yet. She also threatened to kill his cats (that he brought with him when they moved in together) if they didn't stop meowing. He snapped at her to which she responded with "How dare you speak to me like that. Forget the annulment, I'm taking half of your shit" She is being incredibly vindictive, and even colder and disgusting to him than before the wedding. He wants to just get through Christmas and get an annulment after the new year. He won't speak with my lawyer because he is terrified that if she sees a business card or letter from a lawyers office she will go on the offensive. He thinks that she will be amenable if they can get to the courthouse together. I'm not well versed in it, however I don't think its as easy as saying "this isn't working - can we get an annulment". He may be able to have a clean break because she has said multiple times now that she will never have children with him (that would also involve her having to be intimate with him which she never has, and likely never will), and when they underwent pre-cana with the church they agreed to children together. My limited understanding is that that is potential grounds for annulment (recanting on wanting to procreate). He's a CPA with one of the big-4. HCE bringing in close to a quarter a year. My soon-to-be-ex-SIL is an administrative assistant at a non-profit making a fraction of that, and is riddled with student loan debt for a degree that is virtually useless (theology). He's got 6-figures worth of assets saved in an IRA or two and a 401k. They don't own any property together (currently leasing a ridiculously expensive apartment in the city, though both names are on the lease). I'm incredibly worried for him, and not just fiscally. I'm also worried frankly that she's threatened physical harm to his animals (this is the second time he's told me about it, I suspect it isn't just the second time). Violence against him would be an unfortunate logical next step. She stands to make north of $1MM if something were to happen to him (God forbid). Sometimes you just have to let stupid miserable people be stupid and miserable. Sounds like he just wants to see how long he can avoid doing anything. Let him. Live your life, he sounds like a frustration.  I figured as much, but he's also an idiot that is afraid to consult with a lawyer because she will become more angry and vindictive if she finds a business card or mailing or email from a law office. I've been pushing him to do so - anonymously, or using my email/mailing address - these people are professionals, they'll understand, but he refuses. I know this isn't a DIY or armchair/keyboard lawyer situation, but he does not seem to want to listen to me. He wouldn't listen to me about the wedding, the prenup, nothing, why listen to me about this - not like I was right before -_- Thanks for the feedback. Oh Jesus Christ, don't let him do any of that before consulting with an attorney. He should NOT change locks, cut off her access to funds, etc unilaterally without being explicitly instructed to do so by his attorney.  Bummer. Noted. Thanks. Any big red flag things NOT to do in the coming days/weeks? (moving assets around, changing beneficiary statements, etc...?)  Absolutely not, no. This was not fraud or coersion, it was a shitty decision. He needs to speak to an attorney about that soon. They weren't married for long so it's not like she's entitled to half of everything he's ever owned, owns, and will own. But he needs to be proactive from this point forward.  That's unfortunate. I knew it wasn't as simple as "this isn't wokring out, lets get an annulment" but I was hoping there was some flexibility in that. Wouldn't even qualify under fraud or coercion because of that? At least hopefully his assets will be somewhat protected.  They don't qualify for annulment in New York. They have to divorce. Their shared assets are likely to be few since they weren't together long. That's not correct, in New York the most similar eligible reason would be a spouses physical inability to have sexual intercourse.