 I was about to leave a national park but a US park police officer had parked his police car behind my vehicle, blocking me in. My tag was expired. He asked for my license and registration, and as I was rummaging through my glovebox he saw my prescription medication bottle. He said “let me see that” or something to that effect. It wasn’t a question, it was a statement. I gave it to him and he saw it was a controlled substance. He got kinda excited as if he just caught me red handed for something. He asked me many questions about my meds, why I take them, do I really need to take that medicine for my condition, etc. I answered each of his questions honestly (I was so caught off guard by the whole situation that I totally forgot about my HIPPA rights until after the whole ordeal was over. But even then, how would you politely tell an eager officer that is protected information without agitating him?). He took my meds back to his car and told me to stay put. He spent a few minutes in there before he called me over. He said my story “checks out”, and he’s not going to give me a ticket for the expired tag because of some technicality that I didn’t quite understand. Something about how my car was not in motion at the time he detected it. Anyways, looking back I realize I was operating on the “I have nothing to hide” mentality, so I cooperated fully, with my goals being to not give any concern for suspicion, and also to generally not piss him off. Being new to this subreddit, reading a few of the posts here make me feel like things could have gone really sour really quickly and I just got lucky. How should I have handled this situation differently? Tl;dr: US parks officer incidentally saw my prescription meds in my glove box and told me to hand them over. What should I have said? HIPAA doesn't apply to law enforcement. When it comes to law enforcement your medical info is not protected. "Why do you need to take this medication?" "I have (medical condition)." "Do you really need this type of medication?" "Its what my doctor prescribed for it and I am taking it on their advice." Since it was in the prescription bottle you could have also informed him that you had a valid prescription for it from a doctor. You handled the situation just fine. You could have refused and he could have detained you. I think you did the right thing. He has the ability to arrest people because he is still law enforcement. You had nothing to hide. He was making sure they were yours. They can’t trust anyone. Thankfully you had them in a bottle from the pharmacy. He let you off on the tabs. You could have gotten a ticket. The car wasn’t on your property and he knew you were driving to get there. Yes you could have said no. If you had protested he could have detained you and still would have been able to check the bottle. I know this conflicts with my brother’s advice- a lawyer. BUT I have found if you are polite and have nothing to hide it’s best to go along. It’s also why my brother has had the experiences he has had. Way easier to do this vs fight after it like he has had to. Like speeding. I know I was. I own up to it. I get a warning. He gets tickets. 