 My mother ran out on us about a year ago and hasn’t paid a dime in support since. She sent divorce papers to my father and is asking for physical custody and for my father to pay child support for me and my brother. Does my father need a lawyer or is it best for me and my brother to say we don’t want to live with her and save money? Me and my brother are (17M) and (15M), we both prefer to live with our dad and dislike our mother. Edit- location is NY Unless your father is overwhelmingly worse than your mother you'll likely be kept with him, though if your mother gets a lawyer they could make the case that your father is corrupting you or some such thing. I'd see if an attorney can do the case pro bono, although that's probably not possible. Either way, get a lawyer.  It's unlikely that you'd be placed with your mother over your objections. You're both old enough to have a say. Once you turn 18, it won't matter for you. Your dad should do whatever he can to get a lawyer. The lawyer will help him get child support from your mother. With your brother having three more years until 18, your dad may get enough in the long run to more than pay for the attorney. I haven't seen it brought up yet so..... Once you turn 18 your mother has only as much say in your life as you want her to. Sorry to say this wouldn't help your brother out but if you can push for one continuance after another until you hit 18 this will help your situation. It is possible but it’s hard representing yourself in court. If your mother doesn’t have a lawyer it could work but if your mother gets a lawyer your father needs one.  Your opinion and your brothers will be very strong to influence the decision of the judge. Maybe tell your mother that you don’t want to live with her in order to avoid her spending a lot of money in a process It is possible to prevail in a case without a lawyer, in a case where the facts are overwhelmingly on your side. That said, if you want to take on this case pro se, you basically need to learn to do what a lawyer does. That means reading up on other family law cases, understanding how civil procedure works, understanding how to draft motions, etc. This is absolutely something that a highly intelligent person can do if they have six months to really study the material, but it is not something that everyone can do. And if the case is close, you're not going to be able to get enough experience under your belt in six months to really have a chance to prevail. If you cannot afford a lawyer, try legal aid. If legal aid is busy, request a continuance. Beg, borrow, do what you need to do to hire a lawyer. If that fails, and your only option left is pro se, then hope that you're intelligent and competent enough to represent yourself. I apologize for posting twice, but we don’t really have thousands of dollars to throw at a lawyer. I was just wondering if it was possible to win without a lawyer being that we are both at an age where we could choose where we want to live.  Same advice you were given yesterday. The judge will want to hear from you both about where you want to live. He will make a decision based on your best interest. Your father needs a lawyer to protect you kids. 