 My landlord has always been a fucking bitch and she always tries to make up shit to get us in trouble and she always ruins everything for us. I have recently been putting a different name than my legal name because I’m going to court to legally change it in the next few months. My landlord has been telling me and my mom that it’s against the law to do this and I’ve tried to look things up on this but.... I can’t find any law or rule on it. Many people say that it shouldn’t matter if there’s a different name on it, I’ve seen someone go by “Princess Sexy” on their mail and they’ve had no issues. I’m not changing my name because I’m running from the law or anything of that sort, I’m changing my name because 1. I don’t like my first name. 2.Both my mother and I think it’s a good decision to change my last name so it matches my dads last name because of reasons I’d rather not say here because it’s personal to my mom. BTW, I am 14 years old! Is there anything illegal that I’m doing here? Can I get into any major trouble for doing this? I’ve told my landlord that I’m legally changing my name in the new year but she still says that I cannot put my new name on my mail.  This is correct. Nope. I kept my last name when I got married, and have a nickname and a full name. So I get mail like: Nickname Legallastname Realname Legallastname (this is my legal name) Nickname Husbandslastname Realname Husbandslastname All are acceptable. But when I move, I have to fill out like 20 change of address forms to get all of them.  I've been doing it 30 years with no problem at PO Boxes, a house, and apartments. Occasionally a new mailperson will return something based on the "wrong surname," but that hasn't happened in years. Again, I think you're missing the point of the OP's post. If the ADDRESS is correct, it's no business of the landlords WHAT name is on the mail. It could be addressed to Captain Fucking America, 123 Main Street, Anytown, USA. As long as the address is correct, its none of the landlords concern what the tenant wants to call himself and he has no business writing ANYTHING on it. End of story. One of my old roommates and friend from Navy days always called each other "Super Chocolate Bear" (or SCB for short) and "Vanilla Wafer". She's a huge Scrubs fan lol. It's been 5 years and I still send her stuff a few times a year with SCB on it and the return address as Vanilla Wafer. Sometimes straight from the seller (Amazon, or other vendors), sometimes I mail it myself....you can put just about anything down as a name  Alright, I will most definitely tell her to do this ASAP. Thank you!  Have your mother speak to a landlord-tenant attorney who represents tenants (may have to call around a bit). State-level is fine, you don't necessarily need to find someone immediately local. Because this isn't okay. Hmm. I don’t exactly know what the lease says but, my mom does. I remember her talking about how she (on multiple occasions) wanted to take the landlord to court because she was breaking the rules on the lease.  ALSO!!!!! This one is insane. So, the furnace was broken or something and water was leaking from it, the carpet in the living room was soaked as HELL for a month or more. There was mold all over the wall from the water leakage. We had to throw out a shelf because the water soaked into the bottom part and it snapped right off. She’s a fucking nightmare I tell you. What does the lease say about fees and maintenance? Those sorts of things are going to be important. Landlords are allowed to be shitty people, but they do have to abide by the lease and the laws of your town, county and state. Tenants often have more protections than they think they do and landlords count on people not knowing that (or the landlords have no idea themselves, which is often the case with self-help landlords like yours). Well, here are just a FEW of the things she’s done while me and my mom have lived here. •Forced us to pay her a fee of $20(?) for taking off a lightbulb in our bathroom because it’s way too bright and hurts our eyes and I’m very sensitive to light. •Made us pay a $27 fee for giving rent “a day late” even though we gave it to her on time. She’s done this a few times. •She refuses to fix anything in the house. Example 1: Our kitchen sprayer thing is broken. Example 2:Our bathroom sink has something wrong with it. Example 3:ALL of the closets in our house, which we have 4 of them. All of the doors (they’re sliding type doors) are completely worn out and not on the rail anymore.There’s a ton more things that are broken that she won’t get the maintenance to fix too. •She is always angry when talking to my mom. She yells, has an attitude, makes faces, ignores her, ETC. I could go on and on but I won’t lol, it would be too long of a list.  If the person the mail is addressed to has never lived there - if the landlord does not know the name has no tenants by that name they can send it back as no such addressee. What else would they do with it? Throw it out? They can't open it. Its to a non-tenant name, they should send it back. Of course. If he sees it or handles it like that on the way to the mailbox, fine. But he has no say in what is ON it or IN it. Unless of course it's something obviously illegal, like it reeks of drugs or says DYNOMITE!!! on it. And it is illegal for him to write anything on it including "Return to sender" or "No such addressee", unless the tenant at the address on the mail has moved out. Well it depends why/how the landlord is seeing/having access to the mail. If they all share a mailbox or mail slot and the landlord picks up the stack and sorts it to the tenants. The landlord can send mail addressed to non-tenants back to sender. Its not legal for the landlord to go into the tenants private mailbox.  I have a PO Box at my local PO. I use several different aliases to receive mail to it. As long as my legal name was used to get the box originally (it was), and assuming I am not using said aliases to break any laws (I am not), there is no issue. I've been doing this for at least 10 years. Wrong. A Landlord has no right to see or access tenants mail. Therefore, they have no say in what name is on it. Residency has zero to do with it. He can put the Shah of Iran's name on it and it still doesn't matter.  What kind of stuff is your landlord doing besides this? Do you even need to put a name? I don't know the law, but I thought address was enough, and you could put "buttface" as the name or literally anything else, even a blank.  I don't know the legality of using aliases on mail. Or why your landlord has access to your mail. But it seems reasonable to me that a landlord could see mail addressed to a name not listed on the lease and send it back to sender marked "no such person lives here". Mail is used to establish residency, and a landlord has a vested interest in not having random people establish residence. Thank you so much for the information!!  In the United States there are no laws regarding this. Your landlord shouldn’t have access to your mail unless you are sharing a mailbox Assuming you aren’t attempting to commit fraud you can do whatever you want with names on mail and send and receive mail under any and as many names as you like. You can change it for every piece of mail you receive or just change it hourly Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.