 I purchased a used car in MS (USA) two days before a move to CO. Before/during the transaction I asked questions like was the car given a thorough inspection, will you check the alignment, fluid levels, etc. I also asked about the extended warranty knowing that it’s a used car and I’m taking it a thousand miles away. Everything was given the all clear, however when I went to check out there was suddenly a $2k charge on my bill. When I asked what it was for they said the warranty. I asked for information on the warranty and was only given the terms verbally. When I asked for more information I wasn’t given any, so I asked that it be removed (why would I pay 2k when I don’t even know what I’m paying for and they can’t tell me?). It was removed. Continuing along the transaction they tell me the car cannot be registered in CO, and has to be registered in LA (where I was staying for a two months). They wouldn’t let me leave with the car without it being registered in LA. Before I left I asked where the temp tag was, they told me it was on the car already. The only thing I had seen on the car was a dealer tag (the promotional kind), but I figured they had put one on during the transaction or something. Now for the fun stuff... 1.5 weeks after purchasing the car I get a ticket for not having a proper tag. Two different offices in LA have no record of the car being registered. 2 weeks after buying the car the steering knuckle, wheel bearing, and whole front passenger side axle broke. The dealership is taking 0 responsibility for anything and is being no help in trying to rectify even the issue of it being registered at all much less registered properly. I’m at a loss for what to do. I’m paying for a car I can’t technically drive (bc of the registration), am out an additional $1500 that would have been covered if they would have just told me about the warranty, and insist that a promotional dealer plate is considered a proper temp tag in the state of MS so they “didn’t lie to me.” Aside from all the ways I could have prevented this... What can I do at this point to rectify the situation? What kind of lawyer can help me? I’ve called a few in MS and can’t find anyone that handles these types of cases. Do I need a lawyer in MS or can I get one in CO to help? I’m completely at a loss right now but none of this feels right and I don’t know what to do from here... I assume you mean from the company that you financed the car from. Have you tried calling CO DMV and asking them? Right, but the title isn’t in my name since there is a lien on the vehicle. According to CO DVM: []() [VIN verification]() must be completed. Please see [Titling a Vehicle](). Title assigned in owner's name or current out of state registration.  Right. If the car was properly registered I would just move the registration to Colorado and this would be over. However, Louisiana has no record of registration. The dealership is saying the car was registered in in Louisiana. Not sure where to go from here.  Thank you for your advice. Yes, I was in Louisiana for two months. I did not register the vehicle, the dealership said they had to submit everything to register the car in LA. Now LA dmv is saying they have no record of registration for that VIN. It has been 5 weeks since the car was purchased. I will call MS DMV, and ask about the dealer temp tag.  I’m not sure what to do, but the dealership was supposed to register the car (I paid for this), Louisiana has no record of registration, I can’t register it in Colorado without the registration information from Louisiana showing it is properly registered. Right the car was registered in LA because that is where you were living when you bought it. Now you've moved so you need to move the registration to Colorado. You may need to pass an emissions tests to import the car to Colorado.  I can't see how going after the dealer is going to help you. You need to get the car registered in CO. Contact the Colorado DMV, and find out what you need to do to get the car registered. If there is any specific paperwork you need from the dealer to do this, call them asking for that specific paper work. As for the mechanical problems, you purchased the car as-is and declined the warranty.  The dealer is saying they can’t do anything because the car was “already registered in Louisiana.” I could be wrong but I’m worried that the DMV in Colorado won’t be much help either without a bill of sale showing proper taxes were paid to register the car here. So you were living in the state of LA, bought a car in MS, and were planning on moving to CO? You have to register the car in the state you are living, so the dealer was correct that you would have to register in LA. You should have been able to register it yourself and driven to CO on the temp tag and skipped the LA registration, although you would need to pay sales tax either in LA or CO. And I don't know whether a dealer tag is a temp tag in MS or not. Ask the MS DMV about it. If you now live in Colorado that is most likely to be the place where the car needs to be registered. so contact the DMV and the dealer and figure out what you need to do to make that happen. Mechanical issues on a used car that you declined a warranty for are not anyone else's problem. 