 I quit my previous job November 23rd. On my last day when I handed in my exit details and keys, I told my manager that I was still owed 4 days of unused vacation from the previous year plus whatever time I have accrued in my second year of work there. Probably somewhere in the neighbourhood of $1000 owed. He assured me that I would get my vacation pay in my final pay cheque. I didn't. I emailed him and told him that I didn't get paid out the vacation, and he said HR would look into it and rectify it. The next pay cycle pay day was December 15, and sure enough, I didn't receive anything. The law in Canada stipulates that an employer has to pay out any accrued vacation when an employees contract is terminated, either on their last day or the first pay period after. So I know I have the law on my side. I have taken screenshots of the pay portal with my vacation request from the previous year to show that I have days left. I have documents on my side as well. I'm going to email or call my past manager on Monday and ask him what is going on with the vacation pay. The company has some really shitty people working higher up, who may be putting a hold on this and trying to ignore it. So if I run into issues of them not paying me out, what is my legal direction? I don't want to go to a lawyer, since they'll charge me a lot of money and I'm slated to only get ~$1000, it's going to cost me more than its worth for a lawyer. Do I take the company to small claims court? Is there a government body that will take care of this for me or who I can petition to do something about it? Any other things that you can recommend? So, you shouldn't take this to small claims court then. Instead, you make an Employment Standards Complaint and the government handles this for you. Keep in mind they want you to have send a demand to your employer in writing first. They have a "self help kit" to help you do that if you have not done it already. []()  Most employment matters are provincially regulated. What province are you in?