 Location is Maryland. We purchased an 8 acre property with a house and barn.The property was purchased in the dead of winter and the ground was frozen. While touring the property I did not note any wetlands (then again, I’m no biologist). Wetlands were not included in any disclosure or appraisal. After substantial rainfall this last year in the mid Atlantic (double our average), I noticed there is standing water on a portion of our property. Mucky, swampy, up to my knees. Curious, I looked up our property on the US Fish and Wildlife wetlands mapper. Lo and behold, it’s a wetland. I’ll be contacting our local extension office to confirm as well. Had we known a portion of the property was considered a wetland, we would have never purchased it. Is this something that should be disclosed?  \ Check question 17 of the "[residential property disclosure/disclaimer](=cache:PyPPXY7iutAJ:+ cd=1 hl=en ct=clnk gl=us)" form: "Is the property located in a flood zone, conservation area, wetland area, Chesapeake Bay critical area or Designated Historic District?" I don't have any additional legal advice, but two things to consider: 1.) Those USFWS maps should be taken with a grain of salt. We had a site that needed wetland delineation and it when we compared it to the USFWS it was off by quite a bit. I believe those are by satellite, not by feet on the ground. 2.) You said you had higher water year than normal, it might not have been that big of an issue in the past. Double average is a significant amount if water for a site and is uncommon. I'm a remediation engineer that has to keep track of water years for field preparation and has to keep track of wetlands at our sites so we don't damage them. Review your disclosures to see if there’s a representation they made that was false, but this was probably on you to discover during your due diligence diligence period.  I am not sure, but suspect that it is a required disclosure in MD. The text of the pertinent law is in this link, and "Land use matters" is the term of required disclosure that applies. []() You need to speak to a real estate attorney, or if by change your title insurance company missed the wetland statement (which may not have been recorded as often it is now.) - they may provide an attorney, but I would not count of it. We just aren't about to give this specific of advice, nor should you rely on the internet to answer such an important question. You can ask the one you used for the sale, and if you used an agent, either ask friends or family if they know an attorney to ask an option on who they'd recommend, or contact your bar association for a referral to an attorney in your area who practices real estate law. Good luck. Drag out the seller's disclosure form and see what they marked for question 12. If yes, you are SOL. Not legal advice but you might want to post over in r/RealEstate. They are super knowledgeable with this type of thing.