 wife has been physically and emotionally abusive toward me starting 1yr into relationship (now married 5 yrs) She is an aggressive alcoholic. she has been to jail for domestic violence to me before we had kids, but I didnt press charges and she got it off her record somehow. I know she has been to jail at least once for prior domestic violence but had it removed. She has destroyed some of my property in her rages and calls me terrible names in front of kids. She has pointed an unloaded hand gun at me. She has done everything to separate me from my mom,dad, sisters and is verbally abusive toward them. I've had enough. up to this point ive hesitated leaving for fear she would take kids away from me (2 and 4 y/o) and due to their age. We work together in same office. I dont know how financially/logistically to escape. Any legal (or other) advice strongly desired. Advice on restraining orders is desired as well because I know she will retaliate somehow. thank you!  Protective orders can be for a month, or three months, or even longer. I doubt it would be issued for longer since you have children together. It’s possible you can get one for the children too. The police can come and observe her moving out if there is a PO/RO. It would probably be best to retain an attorney ASAP and let them guide you through this process in a way that keeps you and your children safe and your home protected.  yes I know. the reason i post here is for some general guidelines advice what not to do. If my wife sees that I paid for a divorce attorney, game over. just trying to get the upper hand thank you so much, what would be the timing of placing such order? is that something I would need to plan out with my attorney weeks in advance of moving out? Unfortunately, with this person, there will not be a planned date to move out. She will destroy or damage any thing I own of value. It will be a "get out" order. If I was 25 and had a duffle bag and guitar, no sweat. But I'm a professional in my 40's with a bunch of stuff.  First thing you need to do is obtain a protective/restraining order! With her record of violence, detailed information from you regarding her attacks, and any witnesses you can obtain will go a long way toward getting this order. If the kids have seen her threaten you it will go even worse for her. There’s no court (hopefully) that would award custody to an abusive alcoholic. You just need to be able to prove it. You also need to let your family know what you’re planning, and possibly your employer too.  You need to speak with an attorney on how you should approach this.