 Can Rockefeller Center ban and arrest me for working as Santa Claus on a public street? Can the little guy win when pushed around by a multi-billion $ company? Among my many gigs in New York City, in December [I am a profession Santa Claus.]() I work Santa parties in homes and for stores, and also in the streets where people pose with me for photos and I hopefully get tipped a couple of dollars, often more. I'm a really great Santa! I give people a great experience! I whisper in the parents ears what is the names of their children because Santa knows the names of all the boys and girls on Santa's nice and naughty list. I give everybody time and talk with them and take photos with everyone in the group, even if other people are waiting for Santa and sometimes get impatient and leave. I give everybody a great experience and only then move on to other people even if it means I sometimes lose business. I’m completely non-aggressive. Most times people tip me, even upfront, but if someone walks away before I can ask for a tip or refuses, I just go back to Ho Ho Hoing and Merry Christmas because there’s always more people. I don’t approach people, or chase them. That’s not Santa’s way. Almost half of my clientele are adults without children. My problem is Rockefeller Center with it’s Christmas tree is where the good foot traffic is. In previous years as long as I stayed off Rockefeller Centre property I could work on public 49th and 50th Street when it was barricaded from cars. This year even before anyone approached me a cop told me I was not allowed because I was on Rockefeller Center Plaza property even though I was on public 50th Street. And if I continued I would be arrested. A security guard supervisor came out and told me the same. I gave them a chance, gave the security guard supervisor my email and told him if someone would email me proof that Rockefeller Centre owned 49th and 50th Street I wouldn’t come back. But of course they did not as I expected. [This map]() shows Rockefeller Center Plaza cutting street width across 49th and 50th Street. Even if somehow Rockefeller Center controls the width of a public street, legally if I stand east or west shouldn’t I be on a public street. But the demand is I go all the way to the end of the block 5th or 6th Avenue which is a much less desirable location. They worry that I would attract other Santas , and also people in Elmo and Spider-Man costumes et cetera who also do photos and tips. But I would cross out of sight to the other side, or just go have dinner or something for a while. And Rockefeller Centre does not arrest the dozen or so photographers with quick color photo printers, even though they claim to. I’ve checked this out on multiple days and times, and they let them work. They provide a service Rockefeller Center likes which is providing people with decent quality photos of themselves with the tree in a cardboard frame. And course they charge and make a profit. I think of them as unpaid self-employed contractors (my term). I would like to be considered the same. If other costume characters came by I would go to another area of the public street where they could not see me People complain to me in Rockefeller Center, Santa where have you been? Santa we were afraid we would not see you? People want there to be a Santa. I’m inclined to non-aggressively go back out there and if need be let them arrest me so I can go in front of a judge. If someone asks if Santa is being arrested, which several people did the other day, ask them to take photos and videos and put them on their Facebook. Say I’m sure the desk sergeant is going to enjoy processing Santa Claus (I would refuse to take off my suit). And the judge is going to like having Santa Claus come in front of them. For the judge out of respect I would not wear my suit, but I would carry in my bag if they wanted to see it. And of course mention the court house stringers working for the New York Daily News and the New York Post looking for stories to sell. I’m not worried about being arrested. Even if convicted of trespassing, I doubt jail time, small fine. And I don’t see a conviction for Santa Claus being something that will impede future work opportunities. That it’s more amusing than serious. I don’t want to cause trouble. I just want to work. It’s two weeks from Christmas and Christmas Eve I stop being Santa. I could still make good money Christmas Day and days after, but children would want to talk to me about the toys they got for Christmas and I won’t know. I’d rather stop being Santa then cause the belief in Santa to die in a child’s eyes. It’s not up to me to change a child’s childhood. Should I give up on Rockefeller Centre and go to Times Square where I can make good but not great money? Times Square there is a law where I would be confined to these painted squares away from foot traffic and where other costume characters are squeezed in. Never make a threat you’re not prepared to carry out. Should I tell the police and Rockefeller security guards they can arrest me? 