 (Texas) I currently live in a house by myself. I did have two roommates, one of which owns the house. They both moved out to move back in with their parents. And I’m living there until the end of this month. The one that owns the house frequently will just text me at night and tell me she’ll be there that evening. I haven’t cared too much cause it’s her house and we’re friends and it didn’t affect me negatively. The problem is that she decided to stay last night and text me at 10:52 to tell me. I work early in the morning and didn’t realize it until this morning when it was extremely cold and noticed the air was turned down. I wasn’t wearing clothes and luckily no one was up but still it annoyed me. I texted her asking that if she is coming to the house to let me know at least by the afternoon so I’d be prepared and at least not while I was sleeping. She just said that she and her boyfriend will be there quite a bit over the next few weeks and it won’t always be planned. Is she now required, because she isn’t living there and I have in text that she was moving her things, that she give me a heads up before she enters the property? Cause I think she now falls under landlord and not roommate. If it’s any difference, she does still have the living room furniture and kitchen stuff there. And my rent is a flat fee so she still pays the bills. I would just like to be able to tell her she has to give me a heads up and know I’m right when I say it so I’m not angering her and we can hopefully still be friends afterwards. But I’m tired of her showing up unannounced or with like an hour heads up.  Unless the lease allows one person to terminate at will, that notice is likely worthless. Regardless, one person moving out does not eliminate your obligations under the lease.  Seriously thank you so much for answering my questions! I think I just have one final one. If one person leaves and gives notice to leave, does that not void the lease altogether? Like one roommate moved out and quit paying rent. Does that void the lease then or am I still contractually obligated to it?  If the lease says you have to be given notice in writing and you haven't received notice in writing then your tenancy has not yet been terminated. However, if you acknowledged the oral notice and accepted it, that may qualify. If the lease is still valid, and has not been terminated, then anyone listed on it has the right to enter and reside in the home. Ok but if it says in my lease that it has to be “given in writing (text and email count) to all roommates under this agreement at least 30 days in advance” and I was never given it fully in writhing, text or otherwise, I have all the rights to stay here until I receive it? Also like I asked before, does this only apply to her because she’s landlord and roommate or does my other roommate have the same rights too since her name is still on the only lease we have?  Either party can terminate your tenancy with proper notice.  So the other person still has every legal right to the house too? When does a lease for a month to month end? Does that mean that I technically don’t have to move out until I feel like it? Cause she told me that I had until the end of December orally to move. Then if I don’t want to I could take over all bills and pay 1100 or 1500 (she never told me a full amount because it’s not something I could afford anyways) to stay. But if the lease just says I have to give a 30 day notice, one I never gave technically, than I could just stay for as long as I’d like with the same lease still in place. Or is it just cause she’s the landlord and roommate that it applies to her?  She may have moved elsewhere but she's still on the lease, as you said yourself.  But she already moved out. She gave her notice just like all the other roommates have to do. I’m not sure if I’m understanding. Sorry fast edit: It’s a month to month lease if that makes a difference. I should have probably said that before.  If she's listed as a roommate on the lease then she has every right to enter the unit whenever she wants.  There was never a new lease made up. She’s on it as a “landlady/roommate.” I can try to attach a picture of the lease agreement if it makes a difference.  So the "landlord" is still on the lease as your roommate? So my lease says we’re all co-tenants. Would renting a room say I was just renting that room? Cause my lease is for the whole house I think. It says “the roommates are co-tenants at the premise located at (address).”  It sounds like you just rent a room in the home, is that accurate? If so, the landlord is not required to give notice before entering the common areas, but they would need to give notice before entering your room.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.