 I am applying for jobs and unfortunately I was sued by a sibling for things that were not true at all and now I am being asked on employment forms if I’ve ever been in a civil lawsuit and I really do not want this on my record forever and hate having to explain it. The lawsuit portrays me in a completely inaccurate light and I’d hate for future employers to see this as it is composed of lies and was dropped. Another option is that my mom said she would try and get my sibling to write a notarized letter to say they lied about what they said in the lawsuit but I feel as if they won’t do that because that could possibly implicate her legally for something (this person basically talks to lawyers before they even breathe in the morning) Is there anything I can do about this? For reference this is in the state of Florida and was a civil lawsuit.  The police were not involved with anything to do with her lawsuit, idk if this would help if they did ask I have records of her going to court mandated rehab prior to the lawsuit after trying to attack me while she was high and maybe I could use that to explain why I got sued (the lawsuit was basically retaliation for her having to go to rehab) but I really don’t feel like talking about that to an employer but if it comes up I guess I’ll have to. Luckily not all applications are asking if I’ve been sued but a few have so maybe it’ll get brought up maybe not.  I will do that thank you!!! I’ve seen other records that are locked so maybe they will It was a book length nightmare lawsuit, basically she tried to kill me while she was on drugs so we got a court order to put her in rehab and right when she got out she sued me for 30k for my dog “peeing on the floor” and made up a bunch of stuff about me stalking her and harassing her and bullying her. She also sued my fiancé and said he physically attacked her and sued him for flicking her off once(the flicking her off thing was the only true thing in the whole lawsuit LOL) So yes it makes me look very bad  Yeah my fiancé is currently an intern at another law enforcement office and the hiring process is pretty intense he had to take a lie detector test for the part time position. Luckily I’m only applying to a few law enforcement type jobs so worst case if I don’t get those hopefully I’ll still be good getting ones elsewhere LOL  OK that makes sense. I was going to type law enforcement after I wrote banking. It's not a normal question for "regular" jobs. It’s an administrative office job for a police department and I’ve noticed it on a couple other apps! Luckily it doesn’t show up on google you have to kind of dig to find it and know where to look (look in my old county’s court records website) Im definitely gonna just try not to worry for now since I guess there’s nothing I can do Some courts will seal files under certain circumstances. I don't know how liberally Florida courts do it. The OP could contact a lawyer and ask if it's possible to get the case sealed.  Yeah, and if he stole it why weren't the police involved? OP said it was something she made up. If he can't rationally explain his way out of it, then he's pretty much screwed anyway. "My sister's a nutjob and filed a frivolous suit against me. It went nowhere because she's a nutjob." would most likely be enough. You can't get rid of public records, you just have learn to live with it.  Very few employers ask candidates if they have been involved in a civil lawsuit, especially before hiring. I mean, if you work in a highly regulated industry, like banking, I could see these questions being asked, but most jobs wouldn't involve queries about civil lawsuits before hiring. Of course, many employers google the names of job candidates, and if googling your name reveals the lawsuit, the prospective employers may know about it whether they ask you or not.  It absolutely could hurt the OP's job chances. Q: "Have you ever been in a civil lawsuit?" A: "Yes." Q: "What was the case about?" A: "My sister sued me for stealing $5,000 from her safe and setting her car on fire with her dog inside it. But she dropped the case." Q: "We have a lot of other candidates to interview. Don't call us, we'll call you." Yeah that makes sense, I’ll try not to worry about it too much I guess. Thank you!  If the case got dismissed, it got dismissed. It's not going to hurt your chances of employment to say you've been in a lawsuit before if it never had a disposition where you found liable of something. Like the other person said, just have an explanation of it.  Makes sense, I’ll definitely remember that if it comes up. Thanks for the help!   If this person talks to lawyers, then asking them if they would write a notarized letter to say they lied is kind of like asking someone if they would please slap themselves with their own genitals. Seriously, it's just insulting, legally speaking. And it wouldn't help either. Stop worrying so much about it. People are sued. You just need to explain the situation in a way that shows you don't care about it. Don't tell prospective jobs how very angry you are, etc. Just say yes, but they dropped it, and then move on to something else. You want to avoid details, not get into them.