 Hey all. As the title implies, I was hit with a misdemeanor traffic offense about 4-5 months ago and just recently received my “plea bargain” from the city attorney and was trying to get some insight. To sum everything up I recently moved to Arizona about a year and a half ago and of course changed my license immediately with the local Motor Vehicle Division. Very quick process and was in and out within 20 minutes with everything signed, photo taken, and paper copy of my license in hand. Fast forward about a year and I’m out on my late night Taco Bell run and my California habits kick back in and I roll through a stop sign at a solid 3mph after a 2 second press of the brakes into an absolutely dead cross street. Of course on that night the Sheriff is at the night stop over and pulls me over immediately. Traffic stop happens and he let’s me slide on the stop sign roll but hits me with a misdemeanor because of an incorrect restriction on my license that states I can’t be driving at night which is absolutely incorrect. Luckily I’m off of work the following morning and go fix it the very next day with the MVD. Three lovely wasted trips to the courthouse and a scheduled bench trial later, and the MVD FINALLY sends over my driving record to the county attorney who offers up a plea agreement that would have me plead guilty to the misdemeanor and pay a $112 court fee. Now keep in mind I’ve never dealt with any court proceedings in my life other than a speeding ticket many years ago when I was 18, so during my three court trips I denied a court appointed lawyer each time because I thought it’d be a simple explanation of mistaken paperwork on the MVD’s side. But now after some additional thought and scheduling a bench trial for January, I feel as if my only option is just to take the misdemeanor hit since I signed all the MVD paperwork saying everything was fine and didn’t notice the error. But of course my concern is how it’ll affect my insurance, for how long, and if this misdemeanor will affect anything beyond just my insurance premium. Any insight or experience would be appreciated. Thanks for your time. 