 I took my 16 week old kitten to the vet to get fixed as per their request. He was fixed on Friday and he died early this morning. I gave him all his medications on time and made sure his post surgery care was as comfortable as possible. I know a spay/neuter is a routine procedure that has been done countless times. What legal recourse do we have regarding this?  Yea, I suppose I’ll never know but I miss him dearly.   Now that is interesting. Might be some common condition, maybe genetic if the cats were related. I just feel terrible about the whole thing. I wish I would’ve never had him fixed.  We got him from a business near our home. The owner had him in a box and we asked about him. He seemed to not be a “cat lover” and mentioned he didn’t want him and that he would soon take him to the pound. We took him in because we felt terrible thinking he was just going to the pound. He did mention that he found another kitten near him dead. He was about 6 weeks old at the time.  Sorry for your loss, especially with such a little cat. Male cat neutering are usually a very simple procedure as it's not internal unlike with females. If it was a complication of the procedure it would likely have been infection if anything, you would have noticed pus around the surgical would and he would have likely gone off food and water. Recently my housemate (vet) and I fostered some kittens with another vet, out of 4 of them two of them died with a couple of weeks inbetween deaths, very sudden both of them and happened over night. They were surrenders, got off to a bad start in life, looked perfectly healthy, and being looked after by vets if there were signed of major illness it would have been caught, the poor things just never really recovered. Where did you get the kitten? It's likely more from the litter have also passed. It may be worthwhile finding out for a bit of closure knowing there wasn't anything you could have done.  Thank you so much. We miss him very much. [removed] A neuter on a cat is a quick procedure. The poor little guy likely had an adverse reaction to the medication used to put him under, or the anesthesia if any was used. I'm so sorry for your kitten, but unless you encountered any suspicious activity there's no reason to suspect foul play. The clinic you took him to may perform a necropsy for you, or you can take him somewhere neutral and have one performed but it does cost. I used to work for a vet and when a pet died during a spay or dental (which was rare) she'd do it for free to see if any other factors may have contributed to the death. I'm sorry again for your kitten. Everyone else here has been correct. From an animal medical side here I may be able to give you some insight. Cats have very finicky metabolisms and cant process lots of meds including most NSAIDs. Vets have a whole battalion of meds that are safe and made for cats. You said you gave him meds, what meds? Onsior is the only pain medication made just for cats. Metacam can work in a small quantity for a short time (3 days maybe), but still runs the risk of hyperthermia. The truth is sometimes cats have bad reactions to anesthesia just like humans do sometimes. It's very unlikely the actual procedure is the issue. Castration is incredibly simple and vets do thousands in their lifetimes.  [removed] Thank you. Unfortunately, I don’t think you have any viable legal recourse here. Even if you could prove that the vet did something that violated the standard of care, your damages are the value of the cat, which is treated as personal property under the laws of every state I am aware of, and this is very low. I am sorry for your loss.  Thank you for the reply.  Thank you for the reply. You may have none. It would depend on what he died of. It's possible that the vet screwed up; it's possible you did; it's possible no one did and this is just something terrible that happened. You can take the cat to a vet for a necropsy, if you want. Unfortunately, as cats are generally property, and generally have a low monetary value, your damages will be low and likely not worth it. I’m sorry for your loss. It is hard to lose a pet! Unfortunately, any surgery does have risks. It sounds like you don’t have any reason to believe that this has something to do with negligence on the vets part. 