 Could anything happen if I just ignore it? It wasn't certified mail, didn't sign for anything. I didn't receive it. Lost somewhere between sending and getting to me. Did this in PA and nothing happened and wondering if the same in MD. Thought you had to be registered to vote to even be considered. I'm not a registered voter.  You're required to follow up, but you may be able to get an exemption due to financial hardship or postpone to a later date. Maryland resident here. You're automatically listed for jury duty as soon as you have a Maryland driver's license or state ID. The notice is always sent regular mail. Not certified registered, signature required or anything. If you miss, what typically happens is your name goes back on the roster immediately and a new summons will be sent anywhere from a few weeks to a few months later. If you skip repeatedly (espeically consecutively) you will be fined and possibly jailed. Baltimore City is slight different from the counties, so I can't get more specific than that. It would cause more hardship for someone living below the poverty line. Would need to miss work and don't have a running car right now. Plus the courthouse is 20 miles away.  . I'm not a registered voter. They use the drivers license list in Maryland. [removed] [removed] [removed] The address on my license is 51.1 miles from the nearest MN court, they give you a stipend for a hotel at 60 miles Okay, it's been nearly a decade since I checked. It looks like Houston jurors now get free parking. They didn't used to. But $6/day is rough. They don't even pay for a hotel or parking? Damn A summons is a court order. Disobeying a court order can get you arrested and charged with contempt. That's actually really good. The Houston Jury compensation is only $6.  http://www.mnd.uscourts.gov/JuryInfo/juryfaq.shtml#11 This seems to say that in Minnesota we get 40 dollars a day (plus mileage) Eeeh. Only under the most technical definition of paid. In Houston I seem to remember the daily juror pay was $8, but parking at the courthouse was $12. Unless it's super different where you live, the pay is less than any minimum wage job. Usually a lot less. (Edit: Pay is $6, see [here]().) Why not just go and serve your civic duty?  You get paid for jury duty  Yes it is your civic duty to do jury duty and is illegal to skip. Serving on a jury is your civic duty.