 Ok, I'm very ignorant to the laws my bf broke and how to obtain a good lawyer. So I need help. He slide off the road at the end of the polar vortex and he had been out drinking w his work friends before. A cop pulls up to help but smells alcohol so he gets a breathalyzer fails. Now they arrest him and search his car. He forgot he had his gun in the car (backseat) So he's now facing 3 charges: 1. OWI 2. CCW (he had CPL class scheduled for 5 days later) and 3. CCW while intoxicated. He wants to fight it to try to get some of it lowered. He loves to gun hunt too so hes extremely upset with himself rn. Also if hes fighting it that means he needs to turn in his traffic OWI ticket stating so, correct? Anyone been here? Any referrals? Any real advice is welcome. Its all very overwhelming when youre like me and ignorant to all of this.....thank you in advance for any help.  'fighting' it that means he needs to turn in his traffic OWI ticket stating so, correct? Anyone been here? He needs to take that ticket to an attorney and ask what is best to do. These are all serious charges and prison time is a possibility here.  And the one you should not turn to, if you want to help, is discussing pending criminal charges on the internet. Particularly in a way that, for example, implies you are certain of his guilt. Thats definitely what were trying to do Thank you, I better read tbe rules a little more carefully. Thanks for that so helpful advice. I obviously have been looking up the laws and lawyers but im turning to all avenues for help. You should get off reddit and begin looking through your state bar association referrals if you wish to help your BF This is "go straight to an attorney, do not pass go, do not collect $200" territory.  The rules of this subreddit (which should always be read before posting) explicitly prohibit attorney referrals. Your post is likely to be removed if you don't edit that out. To find attorneys, you need to go to your state bar association's website and use their attorney lists or referral service.  Your boyfriend needs an attorney. Desperately. And perhaps to be prepared for that attorney to say his strategy needs to be one of minimizing impact rather than of fighting charges for which he appears to be guilty. 