 So I work for a pretty popular pizza chain in Central Florida and we have gotten a rough belt of tornado causing weather this morning. Our upper management is trying to tell us that unless the winds have reached 45 miles an hour, which they nearly did, we are required to continue taking deliveries regardless of how safe we feel going on the road. Is there anything to back me up in saying that this is an unreasonable and dangerous request to make of people making less than five dollars an hour while on the road? That seems pretty far from hazard pay. Any help is appreciated.  It was a tornado warning, not watch. There were emergency broadcasts telling us to take shelter, the streets were flooding and the wind was strong enough for the rain to feel like it was about to break skin.. you could easily just look out front and realize that you couldn’t even see far enough to see any cars in the parking lot. It was pretty obvious it wasn’t safe to leave. And they were still trying to force us out the door. The manager on staff wasn’t the one being pushy, but we got a call from our regional manager when he realized we weren’t taking delivery orders anymore. All he said when my in-store manager said she had issue with sending us out was“if I need to come down there and give y’all ponchos, I will” and “ if they have any problem with that they can call me directly.“ But in an obviously aggressive manner. And he wasn’t even in the same town as us, so there would be no way for him to know what conditions we were actually in. But he tried to send us out in it regardless. And made it obvious our jobs were under duress. Trust me, if I could leave I would. But the job market is not great in the town I live in and if I quit this job I could end up spending a year looking for another minimum wage job. So I would really rather be able to tell my managers that this is an unreasonable condition to work under. I just don’t know if I have any legal precedent to say that.  Common sense... but that's not the standard. Your employer can require you to work in potentially hazardous conditions. Find a different job. Any place trying to make you drive in possible tornado conditions for less than minimum wage can go fuck themselves