 I was pulled over because I know I made a major mistake of driving under the influence. The police asked if they could search my car and I told them no they could not but they did it anyway which I think they’re allowed to do but I just thought saying no was a good thing to do. I did the roadside test but I felt it was a little unfair since we were doing it on a hill. In my car they found 2 vials filled with propylene glycol with an unscheduled and unregulated substances in it which were confiscated but these drugs are legal to possess just not to consume in the state of Oregon. I went down to the station and they had me blow in the breathalyzer which I got 0.0's on They told me I had to take a UA otherwise my license would be suspended for 6 months so I agreed but i’m not sure when i’ll get the results back and I'm concerned the drug in my system will show up since it didn't use to before. I got arrested by the Oregon State Police and sent to Jail. I have court on January 7th at 1:15pm. Thats not even the worst part either, I had spent the day with my dad the other day and we saw a movie that we both fell asleep through, but anyway on my way back home I was pulled over for a DUI, by the same officer that pulled me over last time, (I was on extra alert so I don't believe I was swerving or anything of the sort. I explained to the officer that I had just seen a boring movie and I was only 15 miles from my house but that I'd drive slower and more careful on my way back. They took me out of the car and made me do the roadside test and my shoes are too wide for my feet and I was jiggling all over the place so it was really difficult for me. I thought I did well enough and was expecting them to let me go but then they arrested me for a DUI. Later, they had a drug professional guy come in and check me out and said that he clearly thinks I'm under the influence of something because my TONGUE was brown even though I could easily explain it if he would only let me. I now have two DUI's in a week and I'm concerned I wont be able to get the diversion program now and worse possible end up in jail right when I have school starting back up. I asked the police if they think I'd just get a lot of community service and still go to school and they told no way. The drugs I was on the first time I got a DUI will likely show up on the UA they did tonight since I used them to sleep the night before. Do I have any options here? I live in Oregon and I know they don't mess around with DUI's and they stay on your record forever. I'm meeting with my lawyer tomorrow afternoon in hopes that we can get bot DUI's combined to one so I can still do diversion. I've also decided to check in a rehab hoping the judge with realize I'm trying. What do you think? Am I screwed? Don't sugarcoat it please I need to know the truth and what I can do to hopefully get the charges dropped a little big. Thank you.  And yet you still seem to think talking about your criminal activity on social media is a good idea. It is not. Shut up. Stop talking about this this on Reddit. Get an attorney. And some damn rehab.  Experienced DUI Lawyer immediately. Listen to him or her. Take steps to address your issues so this isn't made worse. This situation is incredibly complicated and fact specific and so I don't believe anyone here can give you any advice other than that.   And it is typically not a good idea to take advice from police officers. It will be up to the judge and lawyers to decide what the consequences will be. Your only option is to get a lawyer and listen to them. 