 So long story short my landlord thinks they can do what they want. I went out of town because my grand father had passed away (side note:my landlord does not call for anything she runs around leaving notes on doors) (I left on Wensday) I came back on (Saturday) to find out that my lock was drilled out and changed. Called all number for the complex I could find and got no answer. Found my landlord on facebook and messaged her asking her to please give me a key to my apartment. No reply. Ended up staying in my car for the first night and forking out for a motel the 2nd night. Come Monday I go to her office and ask her why they drilled out the lock? She said "we couldn't find a key for the apartment and we have every right to gain entry to the apartment" I have this all recorded BTW. She then admits that the "24 hour notice had a date of the 22nd but she didn't post it until the 24th. Now in the last month in a half they have done 5 "inspections/repairs" and have managed to not repair 1 thing. But have managed to rummage through all my belongings. Including but not limited to my trash, my grand father clock that hangs on my wall etc. They also think that giving 24hr notice allows them to come anytime in the future. For instance they gave me one over a week ago and have yet to come in. I'm sure they will any day now. Sorry for the long post but I am at a loss on what to do here. I don't feel comfortable in my own home anymore. Also they are threatening to charge me for a lock Smith to "re-key" my apartment but I have the lock the drilled out and the landlord admitting the maintenance guy did it. I live in Idaho.  Many people here have already suggested the obvious of getting a lawyer and calling the police next time but I would also suggest talking to your neighbors and see if she's pulling the same BS with them. If so maybe you can go around with a petition and see if you can get rid of her, or if nothing else it will help build your case. No. Bad advice. Removed.  [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Just a quick google search came up with [this article (Wirecutter.com)](), supporting your right to record in your home, especially the “A trespasser waives any expectation of privacy in your home” part. It makes sense to me (though I know there’s plenty of laws out there that don’t make sense.)  [removed] [removed] Plain and simple, you are wrong. The only law against 'hidden cameras' in Idaho is described by "Hidden cameras: The state’s video voyeurism laws prohibit the installation of any devices capable of recording, storing or transmitting visual images to secretly view, broadcast or record a person, without that person’s knowledge and consent in an area where there is a reasonable expectation of privacy. Idaho Code Ann. § 18-6609(2). The use of such cameras and publication or dissemination of images captured are felonies." Other than, “speak to a lawyer,” this is bad advice.  They have to have a valid reason to legally enter your apartment. Saying that they’re coming in for anything other than maintenance or inspections (only if specified in the lease) is trespassing. And forcing you to live with Black Mold is a health and safety issue. That shit is toxic. Time to move. What they are doing is illegal and you have a shitty landlord.  [removed] [removed] Tenants also have a right to privacy, which is clearly being violated.  This is an inaccurate interpretation. You need to be personally involved in a conversation to be considered one of the parties to the conversation. Recording a conversation that you are not part of is, effectively, zero-party consent, and is usually illegal. I would ask the lawyer if he could get them to cover your moving expenses. You did mention you feel uncomfortable there now, that might be a valid reason for having to move as a direct result of their actions.  Are you kidding?! That's totally reasonable! I'd be incredibly stressed if that were my house, you're absolutely justified in feeling straight-up violated. Also, to be clear, _the landlord is absolutely in the wrong here_. She has zero legal standing in this situation: tenants have strong protections under the law and neither the estate agent nor the landlord nor the owner can set foot upon the property you are lawfully leasing unless they are doing so under the agreed-upon terms laid out in your lease or by the legal statutes of your jurisdiction. If they have a clause allowing emergency entry under some conditions (such as clear and immediate danger of flooding or similar, which is a common clause) that's different, but this categorically does not enter that zone. Also, even IF there's a clause that you didn't see or understand, it may not be a legally-enforceable one. A contract that attempts to bind either the signatory or the writer into a position that would force them into illegal action or force them to be an accessory to illegality is not enforceable - for example, if a lease has a clause that says "if you enter a relationship with a non-white person, you agree that your lease will be terminated", this is clearly a case of illegal racial discrimination and is thus a "legally void" (literally "nothing"; as though the clause did not exist; cannot be enforced and has no force of law) clause. [removed] I am gonna call around to attorneys first thing Monday. I mean this probably sounds crazy but I don't feel comfortable in my own apartment anymore. It's almost like a feeling of someone literally breaking into my apartment. Every time I come home I am wondering "is there another note on my door? Are they inside right now" it's crazy.  I definantly don't plan to back down. At minimum were gonna end up in small claims court with me defending myself. Hopefully I can find a lawyer to help me. It makes me wonder how many people they have done this to too be this comfortable telling me they can basically do what they want.   " I didn't evict you, we have every right to gain entry to the apartment." This is called constructive eviction, and it's treated identically to any other form of illegal eviction. She cannot make it impossible for you to access your legally-inhabited property, then _not_ claim she's evicted you.  This is going to very quickly get into the realms of criminal harassment. This subreddit's purpose is basically "do I have enough of a case to get a lawyer?", and you absolutely should be getting one! Find a lawyer (maybe in another town of the same county, since different counties can have different laws) who specialises in tenancy and landlord law. This is absolutely: Constructive eviction (a recantation means nothing) Repeated trespass Failure to adhere to "quiet enjoyment" laws Harassment (certainly civil, and possibly edging into criminal although IANAL so I'm very unsure about the latter) And it's probably getting into other areas too, such as fraud. [removed] I'm sorry but this is not correct. Video (like nannycams) is totally legal in all states. It gets more gray with recording audio. bubbaty13 is correct; Idaho is not one of the states that requires consent of all parties, just one party and the person recording is obviously that one person. I have to admit though tenant would hve to be a party to that convo. However, Also, courts have consistently ruled that someone breaking and entering into your house does not have any expectation of privacy. Record away, just no sound. This landlord isn’t doing you a favor letting you live in your apartment. You pay money for this service and they need you more than you need them. You should be pissed. Alot of this is illegal, and you should try to shred them as well you can legally. Even if it’s not just for you, people like this shouldn’t be allowed to keep doing what they’re doing without meeting opposition. This seems like it can't be true, can someone confirm. Having a camera in your own home, regardless if you own or rent, hidden or visible, seems like you have every right to do so, so long as it doesn't border on voyeurism. [removed] [removed] [removed] The camera idea is good not only because they might steal things but they could add things. Like drugs and then call the cops on you, say you’ve been having late parties and lots of traffic. If the cops find the drugs they hid in your apartment, then once you’re arrested, they can take all the time in the world going through your stuff and stealing what ever looks good to them. I’m not trying to make you paranoid but just for you to consider the possibilities. I wish you well.  That plain old intimidation. She knows she is the wrong and is threatening you. [removed] I think so also, but only if you are a part of that conversation. If you are not talking in the audio recording then you have to get permission from one of the parties that are if you can use the audio recording. Also I do not recommend video and audio recordings until you talk with a lawyer. Edit: I should have been more specific, I did not mean video and audio recordings in a separate manner. I ment that I would advised against a video WITH audio recording, because I think there are different laws regarding those types of recordings. Sorry for the bad sentence.  Yeah I'm planning on it. I'm trying to be out by the first and I'm not gonna pay them another month.  I live in a 1 party state. I can record audio I believe.  [removed] Move the fuck outta there There is a law against hidden cameras in the state that you are in, since you are not the owner but renting it could result in charges against you. But I would look it up or ask a lawyer before video recording anything. [removed] If you have lived there a long time and comparable rental suites have increased rental prices then they may be trying to get rid of you. Just looking at the bigger picture. I would look up the tenants rights listings where you are. Also make it darn clear that a "24 hour notice" means that they plan to visit the following calendar day, and that notice expires at the end of that business day. "Today is Dec 15th. we are having a plumber in your apt on Dec 16th, between 12pm and 6pm to repair the sink" This is what I'd call an acceptable notice. It has day posted, day, purpose and specific time period when to expect strangers in one's home, and is specific to that one need for entry. If they gotta come back...need a new notice, its a different day. "Open ended" requests don't cut it. Max should be 48 hour window, like for a city inspector or something...but not weeks! Their organization skills must suck. FYI as Hud does the inspection it wouldn't be hard to either tell them, or slip them a note on the real condition of the place. They can maybe do a surprise inspection and catch the problems at a later date. May also be a misdemeanor depending on your location.  [removed] Why are you quoting Canada laws when OP is from Idaho? She can call it whatever she wants, but legally changing the locks without providing the tenant a key is a "self-help" eviction. This [handbook from the Idaho Office of the Attorney General]() even explicitly calls out changing the locks as a form of unlawful eviction. Sorry for the PDF on that, by the way. The section on unlawful eviction is on page 27, but you might want to read the whole thing as it sounds like she's not meeting her obligations as a landlord. Ask the other tenants if they have similar Experiences ? A locksmith will happily open the door for you, if you have proof you live there. Probably cheaper than getting a hotel the second night. (Just for future reference) I’m a landlord of six properties for a total of thirteen units. I can’t speak to every municipality, but this is illegal as shit in Buffalo, NY. 24 hour notice is on a per entry basis and the entry can’t be ambiguous unless you say something like “next Tuesday or Wednesday a plumber will come by to replace the sink. Not sure on the day it’ll depend on his availability.” They definitely don’t have the right to just rummage through your belongings. The only time they can enter without notice is for something like a fire or major plumbing/electrical issue that could cause severe or permanent damage to the property. Find a lawyer and sue them for as much as you can. Most courts are tenant friendly.  The apartment is on the 2nd Story so breaking in is really only an option through the door.  You should have just broke in or called a locksmith. Dont ever sleep in your car again like that. This was an illegal eviction. Get a hidden camera inside your apartment.  I'm gonna be completely honest. I was so pissed I really considered kicking the door in. But figured I would have to pay for that too lmao  doesnt this depend on the state?  This might help Idaho What State/area do you live in? In addition to the other great advice that has already been given, I suggest filing a formal complaint to any landlord association that she may be a part of to make them aware of her business methods. Edit: Minor fixes to spelling and grammar  I would call a housing lawyer and get advice about how to proceed. They can’t just come in whenever they want to without having a reason. And they also can’t change the lock without giving you a key immediately. Where I live you could call the police and they would get you back in. A lawyer in your area can tell you more about your rights and force the landlord to follow them or to get into trouble financially. Get legal help ASAP. You were illegally evicted. I'm sorry you slept in your car. You shouldn't have done that. You should have broken in with help of a locksmith. You are due refund for the motel and perhaps same amount for first night. As they are repeatedly trespassing you might have a 'quiet enjoyment' case too. Contact landlord tenant legal aid or attorney. Alternatively you can DIY, calculate your damages and tell the landlord that you consider them in breach of the lease. You could ask for cash for keys to settle and walk away or sue in small claims. I bet judges don't like slumlords. That's what I was wondering. She keeps leaving notices that say "well be back to do an inspection between x dates spanning like a week or more. How is that legal? I feel like I have a right to be there but can't when they just showing whenever. Thanks for the advice.  Violation of fire-safety codes, right there. Definitely call the fire marshal. No cameras. My bed was ripped off my bed frame and left on the floor, they looked inside my grand father clock where you open it to wind it, they left it open, went through my trash and left it dumped on the floor. Can only assume they thought there was money or drugs somewhere. Who knows.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] [removed] I believe the law calls it an eviction even if she doesn't. I am also pretty sure notice of entry must list a reasonable time and date, even if it's a range. It can't be open ended. Wait, when they e ter, they rummage through your things? Do you have security cameras? I mean, they might. A lot of stuff in landlord-tenant law IS civil. But the concept of Tenancy itself is something they tend to take pretty seriously. Hell, even if you deserve to get kicked out (not paying rent or whatever), they still have to get a judge to agree and police to actually remove you. Eviction, legal or otherwise, puts families with kids out on the street so it's not something that is taken lightly. I didn't even think to call the police. I figured they would tell me it's a civil matter as they don't seem to do much, but I'll keep it in mind, thanks for the advice! You wouldn't think so. She also gave me multiple lease violations. 1 light left on, fire hazard. 2 broken window not reported to landlord. ( before she had started the job I told the owner about the window, have it on recording aswell). And a few others that are random saying I have multiple people living in the apartment. Then states that it seems I don't live there? Lol Even if they have a right to enter the apartment, they have no right to deprive you of entering it. It isn't your fault that they don't have a key, is it?  If the fire alarms aren't working, call the fire marshal about that. Next time this happens, don't sleep in your car. Immediately call the police and let them know you've been illegally evicted. They will come by and get you into your apartment. You also have the right to call a locksmith and get access to your own apartment. I would advise you keep a copy of your lease in your car in case this happens again. Yeah, they're slumlords. Like I said, speak to a landlord/tenant attorney who handles tenant issues (a lot focus on the landlord side, so you'll likely have to call around). They may be able to find a way to let you break the lease without penalty (and potentially even have them pay for moving costs, not having a fire alarm is serious). I mentioned that to her when I went to get they key she said " I didn't evict you, we have every right to gain entry to the apartment." she also admitted she received my message on face book and to never message her on there again. It's mind blowing she saw my message and refused to meet up to let me in my apartment. I have never been late on rent or anything. They refuse to fix anything. Black mold. Broke window, crack in ceiling. Fire alarm. Etc. Now that hud is coming to do an inspection they want to fix everything last minute so they don't lose funding. It's mind blowing how scummy these people are Speak to a landlord/tenant attorney. Them locking you out was an illegal eviction, even if they recanted on it later. Them not giving proper notice is trespassing. Them attempting to charge you for locking you out of your apartment looks extremely bad for them. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.