 Part of me doesn't want these barbaric sickos to get a dime from me. There, in reality, is almost a zero chance this can impact my life- I have another country's passport, driver's license, etc. On top of that, I now see they have my birthdate totally wrong and my name spelled partially wrong. The thought of having to prostrate myself before a main pig like the county attorney, over such a small thing like this, doesn't jive with who I am. Especially now. But I do appreciate the responses here, nice to know I have options.  Paying will obviously help, but will not necessarily recall the warrant. If you want to try to do it without an attorney, you can try getting it paid, then writing a letter to the presiding judge to ask that the warrant be recalled, since the amounts due are paid.  For a bench warrant on failure to pay a fine, an attorney could likely appear in court for you without your presence. But it depends, and knowledge of how the county typically does business is required to give you a good answer. And someone can do this for me, without me being there? I live in Aus, and it's not likely I will be flying back to the usa anytime soon. Probably not, but you would need to ask an attorney who practices in the county to tell you. Or you could even call the court yourself and ask them. Hi, so I can see this is due to non payment of fine. Online website even shows I owe them ~1200 dollars for this case. If this is paid, will that likely take care of it? It’s more complicated because of the warrant, but you’d need to talk to an attorney who practices in the county where the warrant is. The details vary not only by state, but by county. They should be able to give you a brief consultation where they explain what typically needs to happen, and then quote you a price for doing it. Hi, I did go to court. I found the old record online, says the sentence was 250 dollar fine to be paid in 50 dollar installment. I know I moved to another state that year. I think maybe I didn't pay it all. Again, my memory is fuzzy here.  There's no easy way to answer that. You say you paid a $250 fine, but you don't say whether you appeared in court prior to doing so, whether you had a lawyer at the time, or whether you served any jail time. Iowa has a mandatory two day jail sentence for drug possession. There are many criminal defense attorneys who would be happy to guide you through the process, and in 2019, you can easily find one from outside the country through the power of the Internet! Good luck! That was quick. Thanks. So, what is that process going to look like, do I just maybe pay whatever I might owe, or is it more complicated than that?