 It was my stupidity and I learned my lesson that I left my car unattended with the key inside while I stepped out to assist my wife and baby to the doctor's office in Brooklyn. I came out after about 5 minutes my car was gone. Called 911 immediately, right after called my leasing company to notify them and to get gps tracking assistance. Afterwards, requested the next door shop owner to see the cctv footage, indeed a young man spotted the key inside and stolen it away. Fast forward about three hours later police has not showed up even after calling them multiple times, the car is getting further and further away. The ignition switch doesn't work until the car switched off. The driver is driving from Brooklyn to Manhattan to Bronx and heading towards Queens. More than three hours later, I was notified by my leasing company the car has stopped at an IHOP in Far Rockaway. I called IHOP immediately to speak with the manager, explained her the situation and also gave her the description of the person which I saw on cctv footage taking my car. After few minutes she confirmed the car is there switched off but locked and no one inside it. Now I know where the car is but still waiting for the police to arrive. After three hours police shows up, I told them the complete situation they suggested I should just go and get the car and only to make the police report if it is damaged after I recovered it. Because if I make the police report at the moment I would not be able to drive the car until I request to clear the stolen records which could take a long time. So I followed as they suggested. I went with a friend to pick up the car from the IHOP with an extra key. Once I got there the car was thankfully not damaged though my work phone and dashcam was stolen from the car. I met with the manager and thanked her for her cooperation. My friend suggested just to learn the lesson not to leave the car unlocked again and move on with the life. Any suggestions of making a police report in case if there is any issues which may arrive later to hunt me. Also, what's the best process to make a non urgent police report? Thank you in advance for your assistance and sorry for long post. Peace!! Make a police report. Car thefts are tracked, and if there is an uptick it could help your area receive more patrols and funding. First off, never, ever, ever leave a running car unlocked in a major city, that’s a massive “pick me!” to the criminal world. Next, I would say that losing a dashcam and work phone that may have your address, work address, and personal information may be worth trying to get back.  I would still make a report. If the police did their job, that vehicle is now reported stolen, and if he's ever pulled over with it, would just make a much bigger problem for him.  Truthfully, making a report will not matter. You have recovered your car, which is pretty much the most you could hope for. About a jghkillion cars are stolen in NYC every second, and the police can not expend many resources on trying to identify, locate, and charge everyone who jacks a car. The fact your electronics were stolen may require a police report if they were insured and you need the police report to make a claim to recover their value. But other than that, there probably is little point in making a report, and should be considered a very big lesson about leaving your keys in your vehicle in Brooklyn. Or anywhere, really. 