 Long story short, my boyfriend is going through a very long-winded divorce and custody battle. The Mom is just a terrible person and so we are pushing for either full custody or supervised visitation in March. Meanwhile, both parents have 50% custody and very expensive lawyers telling them what to do. My question: The Mom texted me where the kids will be attending gymnastics this evening. Do I need to tell her? My boyfriend's lawyer says "yes, tell her." Background: I disagree. I don't see why, because he took the initiative to enroll his girls in gymnastics, she suddenly gets visitation on his time. Furthermore, she didn't even WANT him to enroll them in any sports. (We suspect this is because the girls aways wanted to, but she was always too lazy to do it. She can't even take them to school half the time because she's messed up on opiates.) I also paid for this class myself, for my two little girls and his. I do not want her there. She wants to ride on my boyfriend's coat tail as a supportive parent and it pisses me off. You should step back on this. Let all communication go just between the parents. This would be best for everyone. I get you care. But I say this kindly to you, with kids you always suck it up and do what’s right for them. She wants to watch. Let her. The kid’s want her to watch them. You are with him but you were not in that marriage. You have one side of the story. There is always 3- his, hers, and the truth. I’m going to be flat out honest with you as a mom with kids. This is not your battle to fight. It’s between them. If you want to have a good relationship with your BF that lasts and with those kids step back. You aren’t married to him. Even if you were that would still be my advice. Bio mom is always going to be present in your life if you stay no matter how much you or he don’t like it. And in MN it takes a act of God after custody has been decided to get that changed. Which I’m sure his lawyer has told him too. If you insert yourself in this and are shown to be openly hostile, leading the charge against mom, interfering with the kids’ and their mom’s relationship you will hurt his case. Her lawyer will use it. A judge will listen. Ask yourself why you are so upset- are you insecure or jealous? It’s not your money paying for the gymnastics. And as a last thought, who will be likely doing most of the parenting stuff with full custody? Check out the stepparents group on Reddit.   's lawyer says "yes, tell her." : I disagree. And this is why your boyfriend pays his attorney. They understand the law and the family court system and is not emotionally involved. The mother of your boyfriends children will always be their mother. It is in the best interest of the children if you all learn to get along and support the kids for the sake of the kids. This will be the view of the judge overseeing custody matters as well. Your boyfriend needs to listen to his lawyer. Follow the advice of your boyfriend's lawyer.