 My boyfriend called 911 because he thought I was ODing Saturday night. They took my vitals checked blood sugar levels by pricking finger, and that's it. They asked for my address. Will I get a bill? Even if I didn't go in ambulance/they didn't do anything? Can I submit to my insurance? NAL. Many years ago I worked for a billing service for several local county EMS services in Kansas. Any info I have on pricing is going to be woefully out of date. If you are billed, check if your insurance has been billed. Health insurance will cover EMS services, but often (especially if you don't go to the hospital) they don't get your insurance info to bill them first. They should be able to bill your insurance once you give it to them. They may not have the agreements with insurance companies to take write-offs or reduced costs, so you may be billed again after your insurance has paid. If your insurance doesn't pay after EMS bills them, call your insurance. You may not be billed. The services I worked for didn't charge for non-transport, since they were subsidized by county funding and a large part of the cost was the insurance for transporting a patient.  I don’t think their should be a bill. I broke my femur on 7th street in Fort Worth and my insurance actually covered everything (my surgery, my physical therapy, medicines) but it didn’t cover the ambulance bill so I don’t know if insurance will cover that.  I use tricare, I’m 22 and it’s my parents insurance I am on. They do not tell my parents anything as I am an adult, in fact if my parents call they can’t say anything to them, I have to be the one to call.  Many places do not bill unless there is a transport. Some do, and it often depends what care was rendered on scene. Your best bet is to call the 911 provider (private company, fire dept, county service, whoever) and ask them. If there is a bill, and your insurance doesn’t cover it, they will very likely be willing to set up a payment plan. Edited to add: I read through your post history. I really hope you get the help you need for your anxiety. Be well. Depends entirely on your plan and the coverage it provides for ambulance services. I'm pretty sure it would fall under that since even though you weren't transported, it was still provided by the ambulance service (most often a private, contracted company). That said, it's still going to be subject to deductible / co-insurance / etc, again depending on your plan. You'll need to look at your insurer's Explanation of Benefits, and possibly call them to be sure. you are right- I am very thankful and it isn't considered "nothing" that they did, however I meant I wasn't arrested, loaded in ambulance, and no procedures or medication were performed/administered. Do you know how likely it is for insurance to cover this sort of thing? We'll see how they word it I suppose. I am 24 by the way, on parents' insurance. I am nervous of parents finding out- but I may have to submit to insurance if it is very very expensive. I feel so embarrassed and upset at myself This is what insurance is for, however how much the insurance will pay heavily depends on the wording of the policy.  ...they didn't do anything They responded to a call for a potentially life threatening situation and performed a medical examination to determine if you were in a condition where you needed urgent medical care. That's a little more than "not doing anything". Whether or not you get a bill really depends on the policies of the ambulance provider. If you get a bill, you can submit it to your insurance.