 So I started working at Amazon in late October. When I started I had mentioned to them I am a Marine Corps Reserves and will need to take periods of time off each month for drill. In November I put in my military leave request from the 8 Nov - 11 Nov which was a approved just as my drill was approved from 5 Dec- 9 Dec. But even though a week prior to this drill i verified with my site HR that both forms through my AtoZ and MyLeave where approved, I was still marked for UPT (UnPaid Time) for every day I would have worked. Which at the end of my drill sunday night brought my total balance of acquired UPT to a negative balance. As of right now I have called my ERC and they have made an open ticket which is supposed to make my site HR contact me. If this does not get resolved what can I do? Honestly, the reason you will see more and more people get fired is because of the increase in minimum wage. Amazon increased the minimum wage to 15$ for all its employees only to ward off negative news surrounding Jeff Besos. Notice how the rate increase came before the news about him and his alleged mistress. Amazon does not like to spend money; who does? Okay if you call in to say you didnt get your package and ask for a refund or a replacement, yeah you will get it, but they are keeping tab on how often you do that. Do it often enough, you will see that you will no longer get a survey to rate the agent who helped you; meaning your account has been flagged as a customer who should no longer get concessions. The purpose of the survey is that it helps them know if the agent (conversely, the agents job is to check your call trend and send your account information to a department that decides if they should revoke your privileges for getting a refund or a replacement) helped you, but if you call and you find you no longer get to rate an agent after the call, then your account has been flagged as an abuser, and you will have a hard time getting what you want, if you are truly a freeloader. Anyway, my original point is that you will most likely see more people get laid off because the wage increase was a move to keep public opinion in Amazon's (Jeff Besos and his company) favor. Internally, Amazon will avoid doing a massive layoff, instead it will fire people for reasons that didnt matter when the minimum wage was to 10$. I am sure they have a quota for the number of people to let go to eventually meet the number of people they would have to layoff to offset the forced wage increased expense. Laying off people is more expensive then firing people. If you are put on PIP and you still have the letter they send out every year to all employees to see if you want to stay or not, I recommend waiting until the last minute to sign it, because if they put you on PIP and your are not paired with someone to help you improve (as their new policy suggests), then you will be fired and you will have nothing, other than you last paycheck and the vacation days you didnt use. Very intelligent people run this company so I recommend to make the best (of course, be ethical, please) decision for you. I am sure you have experienced getting an unexpected Prime charge and you called in and got a refund. Well, that move was wise, Amazon knows it would make you happy but in reality its a lot expensive to temporarily borrow that money from you and pay company expenses with close to little charge, then it is to take out loans to meet business expenses. Their system unexpectedly charges enough people for Prime daily, monthly..., that money is borrowed money at little cost right? Well, you should be just as intelligent when making decisions that affect your livelihood, because Amazon certainly does. Since it is hard to unionize at Amazon, I hope to hear or read enough thoughts on your experiences, observations ... Hopefully we can help each other in a positive way!!  Don't attribute to malice what can be attributed to incompetence :) It automatically fires you when you're negative. Contact the ops manager and he'll sort it out quick.  Amazon automatically fires you if you have a negative balance of time. It's probably a misunderstanding from undertrained hr staff  . Your unit may be able to throw some your way while you work things out with Amazon. Contact USERRA, they will put a boot in Amazon's ass. That’s an internal matter. But legally, contractually, technically OP has been fired. Example: if OP were tomorrow sign a contract with Another Company, he would be entitled to do so. As far as OP is concerned, his contract has been cancelled. Which is why this system is just...stupid.  Ok so this literally happened to me years ago. Semper Fi brother. Call the number for the Employment Services of the Guard and Reserve. 1-800-336-4950. This number should be the one listed on your poster because it is on mine in Florida. Tell them EXACTLY what happened. And please, for the love of Chesty Puller, tell me you were giving them your drill schedule. This is likely what will happen. They are going to give you their contact information so you can keep in touch with them. Then they are going to give you the number if anyone they have numbers for high up in Amazon(trust me, they have numbers). I personally ended up talking to a HR VP in corporate in Indianapolis for Target. After this the shit will roll downhill fast. I mean warp speed. You will get a call from a district HR likely. Request lost wages for all the time missed. You are entitled to this and your job back. If you think it was retaliation, then you need to state that as well IF you have evidence. If Amazon is uncooperative, which is going to be hard to imagine, ESGR will step in. You step back and don’t do shit else unless they ask you to. Amazon will likely backtrack hard rather than double down. They are going to realize they fucked up. Hard. I was given all my missed time in CASH the day before I came back and an apology from every manager at my store. I’m talking almost $4k. I called ESGR about a month of getting jerked around by Target and not getting rehired. Had my job back, a raise, and a better position than before. BTW is location Florida? Because that is where I was in the reserves at. Location is a must here bud. Sorry, your post made it seem as if you may have not been officially let go.  Going off of what the woman at my location said, your UPT will go down automatically, but firing still has to be approved/officiated/whatever by a member of the HR team. I'm imagining that someone failed to mark his file (DO NOT FIRE - SUPER ILLEGAL) or someone failed to read that mark if it was there when they went through and fired everyone with negative balances. In either care, a ball was severely dropped. Yeah chain of command is the way to go. They love solving problems like this for their guys. I don't know about the Marine Reserves, but the Army NG often had special assignments to offer people in this situation to at least get a paycheck while this was being resolved.  Which is as dumb as it gets: by sending out that mail, they are effectively firing OP for illegal cause. They should program their system differently: flag it internally and only then make the decision. But now its "you're fired....oops not" Yes I recieved the termination email from my buildings HR Attendance yesterday morning (full email now in body of post) yes I recieved the approval email from MyLeave and I double checked with my HR on site a few days before I left to make sure this wouldn't happen, which clearly they lied when they said it was all set. I also cannot access AtoZ due to my account no longer existing. Now yesterday I called ERC and they said they created a ticket to investigate further into this which I should recieve a call by end of day today. If i do not get the call saying i will be re instated my job that is when i will reach out to my chain of command and other resources I was notified yesterday morning in an email from my buildings hr attendance stating terminated immediately due to negative upt I had a boss try this. I got activated for Cuba and my boss told me he didn't think he could hold my job for me fkr that length of time. It was that blatant.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] Yes, continue working with HR because unless I’m missing something, I don’t hear the evidence that you’ve been fired. Unpaid time off is handled differently at various places but may be just a tracking system without penalties.  I work at Amazon, and unless you've been notified of termination, don't assume you're fired. A woman at my location had surgery and took off two weeks and is currently sitting on -80 hours. Because she notified HR beforehand, she was not fired. The UPT balance going down seems to be an automatic process which has to be manually rectified by HR after the situation is sorted out. I would go above the site HR. Maybe they’re not familiar with how to handle military leave. Amazon is way too big not to have a top notch HR department. I bet a higher up HR person would shit bricks if they found out what’s being done.  Have you actually been fired or are you just at negative UPT? You mentioned being fired in the title but not in the body of the post. Negative UPT doesn't automatically mean termination. Did you get a separation notice via OnBase/MyDocs? Did the ERC confirm your termination when you called them? Has LOAA sent you an approval email for both leaves? I know you said both were approved but they are sometimes slow and backed up. Good chance they just haven't coded your time yet. Honestly, if you can see in AtoZ that UPT lines up with your drill dates, then I wouldn't sweat it, especially if you haven't actually been terminated. Even if you were, a reinstatement only takes a day and you generally get back-paid for time missed. Work directly with the site HR team. They know how to navigate through this and whom to work with.  Legal can certainly help. However, I am always partial to suggesting the [ESGR](http://esgr.mil). Their sole mission is to serve as liaisons between servicemebers and businesses, and educate employers on both their USERRA responsibilities, while also highlighting the benefits of veteran workers. Legal is going to come in like a hammer, and lay down the law. That can be entirely appropriate, and frankly as a huge company, Amazon should know better and have established protocols in place. But especially for smaller companies, ESGR can be a smoother touch that doesn’t burn any bridges, and you always have the option to clontqct legal if the ESGR strikes out. They also arrange neat ride alongs and other fium events for local employers, so that they’re more likely to have a positive relationship with the military. It’s a great organization.  If you've actually been terminated, you need to notify your chain of command immediately. It just sounds like they have you as having too many unexcused absences at this point. Don't let up. It's a big company and nobody knows what is really going on. I'll second starting with chain of command. Superiors don't love being out of the loop when their subordinate is going through stuff. Starting with chain of command does two good things for you: gives them a heads up to the problem and gets them doing some of the work to get this fixed. Call your reserve commander, they will be able to steer you in the right direction and help provide needed documentation. They should know to law and how to get legal help [removed] [removed] Oof. /u/SocialBlurr, if you've been fired because you took approved time off to go to scheduled drill, then they've hit [USERRA territory](). That said, Amazon is a big company, and reservists are nothing new to them. Unless I misunderstand your post, it sounds like you haven't been actually been fired as of yet, and that this may just be an administrative error that can be fixed. Keep your ears open to whatever HR has to say, but in the meantime, contact your reserve unit's SJA as soon as you can in order to discuss your rights and options should this continue to go downhill (if your battalion/squadron doesn't have one assigned, then move to the group/regiment...there's one somewhere in your command structure). They should be well-versed in this subject and be able to advise you accordingly. Edit: Also, your Representative to Congress also has folks who work stuff like this as their job. So once again, if this turns out to be something other than a simple administrative error, that is another effective means of remedy. Edit 2: And you should still consider posting in /r/usmc or the other military subs as there's always someone who's experienced it before, right? Agreed here. I have a close friend who was fired from two different companies about 3 years apart, for going to drill (Army reserve). She didn't even need to go to JAG herself, just called her superior and they took it from there. OP might want to just start there. If they can't help him, they'll likely be able to point him to someone at JAG who can. Result both times for my friend was several firings in management, fines, and she got offered her job back. /r/usmc mod here. Come post over here. We have had this come up before and we have several people who are well versed on the legal side of things and 2 of our 4 active mods are lawyers themselves. I'd try posting this on /r/USMC/ they'll know more specifics about who to contact. This is actually incorrect. There are no JAGs in the Marine Corps - they're called Staff Judge Advocates, and it's any Marine Officer typically holding a primary MOS of 4402, which requires that they be a commissioned lawyer before the bar in any US state or territory. Just to clarify, it's because a JAG is a member of the Judge Advocate General's Corps, and there's only one Corps in the USMC. Rather than having a Judge Advocate General, the USMC has a Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant. USMC SJAs are unrestricted line officers who go through the same training as any other officer, while JAGs in other branches are restricted duty or staff officers who go through the same training as a doctor or chaplain. What you're looking for is the [SJA Legal Assistance Branch/JLA]() which will be able to provide legal aid.  I think you will want to talk to DSO (Defense Services Organization) in the Marines. Jag is to advise the command on legal issues and prosecute violations to the UCMJ. DSO will help you on legal matters and advise you on your rights.  I don't think you're wrong to expect the worst but I wonder if the person that signed the final paperwork had any idea why you put leave in. I suspect Amazon is a little stingy with holiday leave normally and I bet the related paperwork might just be missing. It's far more unlikely that Amazon just didn't know you were on drill rather than them firing a reservist near Christmas for going to drill. Filling an appeal to Amazon through your JAG office is probably the quickest way to make them realize that and bring you back. And if that doesn't work, call your Congresscritter. They'd love something nice to stick at the top of the holiday issue of their newsletter. Right. It was a different situation than yours. For yours I’m thinking Amazon needs to be reminded of their expectations.  This doesnt happen to often it all depends on the unit. I've been with my unit for almost 3 years and that's happened maybe 4 or 5 times. But it was not the case for this. I had put in my military leave 3 weeks prior with no changes I hate to derail this but I just thought of this. A buddy of mine says he has a reservist that requests one weekend off then says his dates got changed and needs another. I’m just wondering how often this happens and could he discipline the employee, but not terminate. Maybe just a conversation note to file. He’s supportive for letting him take off but this has happened twice and causes havoc with the schedule at the last minute.  [USERRA is a Federal Law]() that prohibits them from firing you for going to drill. Call JAG.  Per /u/Kraeheb\- the Marine's JAG office should be able to straighten-out whatever is going wrong at Amazon pretty quickly. Firing a reservist for training is both illegal and taken seriously by the US military's reserve branches.  Continue working through the process with HR. If you have indeed been fired/this isn't just a misunderstanding, contact your unit's JAG.