 Buying a house in Illinois. So I am about ready to purchase my first home after living in an apartment for 3+ years. The house is great and in good condition and passed both my home and sewer line inspections. I accepted a counter offer from the seller of a higher amount as long as they leave all listed appliances and cover some of my closing costs. One of the appliances listed is a “disposal” which I assumed was a garbage disposal. Today during the the home inspections I noticed that there isn’t a garbage disposal, nor does it look like one has ever been there (no switch in the wall). I texted my realtor and let her know. When I signed my personal property agreement with the seller, each appliance was listed individually including “disposal”. There are no trash disposals or a trash compactor so I’m not sure what that could have been mistaken for. My realtor got back to me and said that the sellers realtor admitted to making a mistake, but said she can’t take it back to the seller because they’ll back out of our deal (they have been a huge pain in my ass, respectively.) She also passed off blame to us and said we should have noticed it when we did our initial viewing of the house and asked “haven’t you ever made a mistake before?” This has become a bit of a principle matter to me, My realtor also tried to diffuse the situation by saying “oh it’s no big deal garbage disposals aren’t that great anyway.” Can the sellers back out of our deal because this without legal consequence even though I have paid earnest money? Would this be a mistake that needs to be corrected by the realtors since it appears they both have dropped the ball? Any and all advice is appreciated! You can instruct your realtor to either do an escrow holdback, or, pay for one out of pocket. You are not responsible for someone else's error.  “haven’t you ever made a mistake before?” Response: When I make a mistake I own up to it and work out a way to correct it, as I expect you to. I would fully expect the realtor to be paying for the disposal out of their commission.  Your realtor is trying to make you "no big deal" it because they see their commission going up in smoke if you make a big deal of it. I guess it comes to how much you care about this kick in the 'nads after coming up to their counter-offered price, based on their description that the property had the features. Additionally, you may be entitled to your earnest money if the seller backs out, but this depends on details in the contracts involved...  Worst case they back out of the deal like OP said. Ask your realtor to pay for the garbage disposal out of her commission as ‘it’s no big deal’.  I would see if your realtor can talk the other realtor into taking the estimated cost of buying and installing one out of his/her commission. It's the realtor's error, after all. That's what I thought... It's a breach of contract, sure, but the recourse is generally to sue them to repair the breach (e.g., pay to provide the item they promised). Isnt it also breach of contract? Or fraud? Promising someone (on psper) of something you arent actually giving them? Tell your realtor you want to push back and ask for a licensed electrician and plumber to install one, with proof, or provide a credit back for the estimated cost. Worst case they say no and you decide if you want to eat it. Your realtor may even agree to just pay for it rather than deal with it. Ugh it’s not a deal breaker but I definitely would prefer to have one. I lived in a house without one and the sink clogged constantly even when we were diligent about not letting food get into the drain. I called for an estimate and it’s about $700. I guess what is irritating is that when we were negotiating an offer they would not drop their price point $900 other than “they didn’t want to give the house away anymore than they already had.” 😐 Which I might also add that I came up about $7000 and was well within their asking price.  I personally don't think I would not close on a house due to a small disclosure issue like this. However, did you check to see if you can even install a garbage disposal? If the house is on septic you usually can't and it's kind of a hassle to not have one. Otherwise it's a pretty easy thing to install. The realtor seems pretty cavalier about this and I would check to make sure other items listed are correct like when the roof was last replaced, etc.  Yeah lack of clarity on my part. Edited IANAL but whether or not the sellers can back out is dependent on the contract. Many RE contracts give no opportunity for the seller to back out at all.  Yes, the seller can back out until all is signed and done at closing, and you would need to take them to court after. So can you with possible loss of the earnest money. Your realtor is being an ass, but if you want the house I would just let this one slide. EDIT: I wouldn't talk to a real estate lawyer, I wouldn't try to amend the P S agreement, I wouldn't sue after closing. All said and done the disposal is such a low cost item that it's not worth the risk of blowing up the transaction or the cost of lawyers. If the sale closes and the contract includes a disposal, but there isn't one, you can sue the seller for the cos of installing one. Agreed, I definitely feel like I took it a little personally at first. Thanks for your input!  I'd bring your contract to a real estate attorney and go over the situation with them. Practically, though, if the sellers won't reduce the price based on their mistake and it no longer makes sense to buy the house at the agreed upon price, talk to your realtor about cancelling. However, the worst thing you can do is make it personal. Yes, the listing agent said an obnoxious thing, but this is a business transaction - don't get unnecessarily emotional. It’s not a deal breaker. But I accepted the offer based on small but specific terms and they never have even had a garbage disposal. I don’t think it should fall back on me to install something that is in the listing for the house and was specifically stated in the purchase agreement. And I agree. At first, I was like well whatever it is what it is. Then she tried to pass blame off onto me and it really pissed me off. I know I’m being prideful over a small thing but I guess I just don’t get how they can list something that’s not in the house. If you still have contingencies open, you can negotiate for the cost of installing a disposal or sharing the cost of doing so and cancel if you can't agree on something, or you can let it go to more easily close the deal. Is a disposal a dealbreaker for you? “haven’t you ever made a mistake before?” What an asinine question. Of course people make mistakes, it doesn't mean you don't have to make up for them.