 I'm from New Jersey. I have a final restraining order against my husband. For stalking, harassment, uncomfortable touching. The judge ruled in my favor because of the surplus of evidence I have. My husband had his parenting time with our 2 year old terminated from May 2018 until, recently. We are getting divorced still but my husband was able to complete his batterers invention and risk assessment. He was given visitation from 3:30-7:30, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. He has been late every time. He had the baby waiting for a half hour the first time. The daycare told me she was so sad and asking where I was. She was sitting on the floor holding her backpack and jacket just waiting. He came at 4:15. She is only paid for 8 hours of care. I never leave her there late because I know that the daycare is only being paid for that amount of time. That is rude and inconsiderate. The last times he told me he could not get her at 3:30. He ended up getting her ranging from 4:30-5:15, picking her up from my residence. The first day, I told him she needed to eat dinner with him. He did not feed her. He brought her back to me and she was hysterical because the last time she ate was 3:00 at daycare. I have a text message stating "he forgot to feed her dinner". The other thing is, I am afraid of my husband. He stalked me, abused me and assaulted me. When he drops off the baby he is not allowed to get out of the car. The judge told him his verbally. It's not written on the FRO. But, last Wednesday my ex husband got out of the car, had me cornered to another car, while I was holding the baby, got very close and tried to kiss my face, I turned my head. I froze up out of fear. I had tunnel vision. He was asking me for sex, saying he missed me, that he wants me to drop the restraining order and be a family. I was able to snap out of it and just walk away. I reported it to the police station. They said they cannot arrest him. It is not in the restraining order that he has to stay in the car. The judge told him verbally. They just took a statement. I want to take him back to court. I cannot deal with knowing he didn't give our daughter anything to eat or drink for hours. I'm tired of him harassing me and not following the rules. He is controlling the entire situation and monopolizing my time. He is sexually harassing me. Am I allowed to demand he pick up and drop the baby off at the police station until I get this sorted out with the domestic violence judge? As I said I do fear him and he does not know when to stop.  I informed OP what the other party would argue, which should prove very helpful to her. Also Op wanting to take her ex to court over a single missed feeding sounds very drama queen of her and is not going to help her in court. People like you with absolutely no legal training or education but a strong opinion on what should be legal are a bane of this sub. [deleted] The police station parking lot is often a good choice. NAL, If your order does not specify a pick up/drop off location, you can request it to be where ever you want it. Edit: a word  When does the daycare close? I know that he’s arriving there late but would that be after hours? I think if he is just late but the day care is open until 6 PM, for example, you should make him go pick her up even if he’s late. Maybe the daycare charges a little bit more for that, I don’t know. If it gets to be nearly closing time and he hasn’t shown up, then have them call so you can go get her and tell him he missed his visitation. If he has a problem with that he can take you back to court. I think he only arrives late because he knows that he gets to see you. Also, look up “be the gray rock.” To be honest not feeding a child or giving said child water sounds like child neglect and if he pulls the stunt again see if you can get some security cameras as evidence or have a friend with you during the exchange just my advice As a social worker, the best thing I can advise is something that someone already suggested: always go with someone. A friend, a neighbor, a coworker; go in an Uber. Go with someone. Always. If you go alone, something could happen (not saying it will!), but if you go with a person, it's less likely that you'll show up on the 5:00 news. You said he doesn't know boundaries. People tend to get hurt when a domestic abuser doesn't know boundaries. What he is doing is intimidation and perhaps simple assault. CPS needs to know what he was doing to you in parking lot while you were holding your child. File Police report every time, as this creates paper trail and builds evidence against him, for his continued threatening behavior towards you. As for asking that you drop charges and be family again...classic abusive partner behavior. What you been through with him is Domestic Abuse(aka: Domestic Violence). If you aren’t in touch with your local Domestic Violence shelter, I recommend calling them. I had to do that myself. They can provide you with many resources including legal aid. And counseling as well. As far as him not meeting the requirements of the visitation, CPS should be able to use that as evidence for reducing length and Frequency of visits. Not saying judge will grant their request. Also the skipped meals is clearly neglect. Which is a criminal matter. I do wish you all the successes in this.  Immediately learn consent laws. Are you a one party or two party consent state? If it's one party, each time you exchange the child or meet, you can record the interaction with no consent from him, so completely secretly. If it's a two party consent state, let him know you'll be filming/audio recording each encounter. If he fights this you may need to lawyer up, but always document like the other commenter said. Stay safe, I know a close friend going through almost the same situation- so best of luck to you.  This is just a Reddit opinion but I would try to get an amended restraining order. Document EVERYTHING and maybe have a friend or neighbor accompany your on the child exchange so you have a witness to his behavior. The transcript of the court proceeding may be enough to amend the order because the judge verbally ordered him against this specific behavior. Maybe it is just a clerical oversight on the courts part. This will allow the police to intervene legally if he oversteps again. Sorry for your situation and hold your head up things will get better. 