 The official end of my lease period was the end of December, but I arranged things well and moved out and returned keys and everything to the rental company on at the start of this month. At that time, an updated address was provided to the rental company (I recorded the conversation, including the portion where their receptionist asked for the updated address, but did not think to speak the address out loud as I was writing it down). It has now been over 14 business days since we moved out, and according to ARS §§33-1321: . On termination of the tenancy, property or money held by the landlord as prepaid rent and security may be applied to the payment of all rent, and subject to a landlord's duty to mitigate, all charges as specified in the signed lease agreement, or as provided in this chapter, including the amount of damages which the landlord has suffered by reason of the tenant's noncompliance with section 33-1341. Within fourteen days, excluding Saturdays, Sundays or other legal holidays, after termination of the tenancy and delivery of possession and demand by the tenant the landlord shall provide the tenant an itemized list of all deductions together with the amount due and payable to the tenant, if any. Unless other arrangements are made in writing by the tenant, the landlord shall mail the itemized list and any amount due, by first class mail, to the tenant's last known place of residence. If the tenant does not dispute the deductions or the amount due and payable to the tenant within sixty days after the itemized list and amount due are mailed as prescribed by this subsection, the amount due to the tenant as set forth in the itemized list with any amount due is deemed valid and final and any further claims of the tenant are waived. E. If the landlord fails to comply with subsection D of this section, the tenant may recover the property and money due the tenant together with damages in an amount equal to twice the amount wrongfully withheld. Questions: 1: I actually just got a call from someone that the rental management company hired to do some maintenance on the property. This suggests to me that the management company may still consider me to be a tenant, despite having moved out and returned everything more than three weeks ago. Does this have any bearing on the 14-day period in the law? 2: Is the 14 days their deadline to have the security deposit returned, or their deadline to send it out? (i.e. if it's postmarked by Dec 21, are they in the clear, regardless of when I get it?) 3: If I do receive the deposit late (e.g. the 26th, several working days past their 14 day limit), do I have to take it, or can I still pursue for double the total due to a violation of part D? 4: If they messed up and sent the deposit to the house I was renting from them, instead of the updated address, would that still be on them, since the "tenant's last known place of residence" would be my current address? I did set up mail forwarding, so anything sent to the old address would get to me eventually, but the forwarding delay could easily contribute to missing a 14-day window. 5: What steps should we take next (e.g. request a full return of the deposit? Double the deposit? Something else?)? 6: I've seen other posts saying that the final option is small claims court. If I did go after them there ($3500 limit, well over what I'd be looking to recover due to statutory limits), how likely is any sort of success? I assume this also depends greatly on their actions and answers to my earlier questions. Thanks in advance for any advice. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.