 Hi everyone. Throwaway account for this. I have an employment contract inquiry I’d like to share. This is for a company in Toronto, Canada. So when I started this job, I was told that within my contract there was a bonus clause and that if we hit our “targets” then I would get paid out. Knowing what I know now, there was clearly a lot of vagueness to that clause in the contract. It says: You will also be eligible to receive an annual discretionary bonus of up to $5000 as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. The Bonus, if any, for a given year will be calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Company’s bonus plan, as it may be modified in the Company’s sole discretion, will be paid following the completion of such year, and is not earned or accrued until the Bonus payout date. You must be “Actively Performing Services” for the Company on the Bonus payout date in order to be eligible to receive the Bonus. Under no circumstances should any Bonus be considered part of your salary or other regular employment compensation. Here are some additional details: 1. We did not have a Company bonus plan. Our CRO told me how I would receive this – that if the Company hits our “sales targets” I would receive the bonus on the Bonus payout date, which would be early next year. 2. CRO was let go, and a new team has come in as a replacement. We hit our sales targets for the year, but I was told that they don’t have to pay out my bonus because it didn’t mean anything even though I signed the contract. Based on the extremely vague language in the contract (including that it’s discretionary, up to the company’s discretion etc.) I’m assuming I have no recourse, but am curious to as to what you all think. As well, want to learn for when I negotiate my next contract! Also posting this instead of going to a lawyer directly because I don’t know if it’s even worth pursuing since it’s $5k. Never had to reach out to a lawyer before but know it could be potentially more expensive than what the bonus is worth. Thanks in advance all This is very common in consulting IT businesses. The company wants to create a sense of "we all work together, we all succeed together!" Oftentimes its referred to as "profit sharing". It is 100% at the discretion of the employer, however. All of my employment has had a bonus structure, but no bonuses were guaranteed.  No, written vs oral makes no difference, although written makes it easier to prove what the agreement was for. The key point here though is that you agreed it would be "discretionary" rather than guaranteed if you hit certain targets. Yikesss haha thanks for the answer (and everyone else too)! To give a bit more context on why I glanced over it before signing - I know the person who promised the bonus pretty well so it was almost kinda expected provided we met the targets. Of course nothing was written down - and it was due to the discretion of the company so it’s a moot point. Wondering if there was a difference between having it written and signed for vs just mentioned in passing (which I know there would definitely be no recourse for ha!) [removed] That bonus language has more holes than a Tim Hortons store. A legal challenge will not be successful.  Not trying to be snarky here but what part of "discretionary" and "in its sole discretion" is not clear? The employment contract effectively says the company will give you $5000 if "they feel like it", and it apparently seems they did not feel like it. I don't even think that's a valid clause to put in a contract, since it doesn't actually impose any obligations or create any rights on the employer whatsoever. Next time you negotiate an employment contract, the bonus plan should be written down in the contract itself and based off of objective measures that can't be changed by the company arbitrarily. These measures will depend on your specific field so you'd be the best person to ask about them.  The word "discretionary" is probably all that matters here.