 Location: Mississippi Age:21 I was molested by a childhood friend's Dad in elementary. I finally got the nerve to go to the police and report him months ago. The only evidence I have are my memories of every disgusting thing he did to me and a recorded conversation I had with his youngest son who is my age. He told me his dad(I call him Bill) had a habit of going after his female friends but he never knows about him targeting young children. After we talked, I still felt hesitation about reporting his dad. Fear, anxiety and I admit his dad still had a hold over me mentally at the time after all those years. I seriously felt I was being a "bad girl" and "Ruining his family", but after talking it over with a close friend (thank god for her), I went to the police and told them everything. I spent the next few days talking to an investigator and give them the recording I had. I still feel like it might not be enough to lock Bill away for good. I've seen and read so many cases about how sexual predators would just get a slap on the wrist or a light sentence. My friend suggested about hiring a PI to get more information about Bill. I don't know if that's legal since the cops already brought Bill in for questioning (he denied everything). I don't want to do anything that might cause him to get spook and run off or get rid of any evidence. At the same time, I want to make sure there is enough evidence to lock him away for good. TLDR: Is it okay to hire a PI to get more dirt on my molester and how should I go about it?  [deleted] They didn't refer me to any groups but I'll look more into it. Thank you for the phone number. I'll call them.  : Is it okay to hire a PI to get more dirt on my molester and how should I go about it? No, it isn't. It's completely inappropriate. This is a criminal matter. You aren't a party here, and you have no business hiring an investigator. Let the police do their job. Did the police give you a referral to any advocacy group or person in your area? Most areas have at least one. These are legal advocates who can work with you pro bono to guide you through the process, help you talk to detectives, seek counseling, go with you to court, etc. This is definitely traumatic and I can understand you want this man off the streets and in jail ASAP. Police processes can take a while and are dependent on local procedures, staffing, etc. An advocate will help you get through this. If not, dial 211 and explain that you would like to be referred to a social service that works with molestation victims. They can refer you. The investigator who works my case has other cases, too. I would think you should let the police do their thing. Do you have any reason to believe that you could investigate better (and more legally) than they could?