 When you meet someone online where the age of consent is 16 like in Washington and the age of consent in their state is also 16, would it be against the law to travel to that person's state and have sex with them? It doesn’t use the word “intent” but that’s what it means by crossing a border “for the purpose of” sexual intercourse. You have to intend to seek sex with someone under 18 at the time of the crossing in order for that crossing to be considered “for the purpose of” that If you cross state lines with the intention of having sexual intercourse with a minor you're going to have a bad time. Period. Depending on the nature of the online communication a number of other crimes might be involved. Many of which are also federal. Dating people your own age is the way you avoid this issue.  Not as such. The question is intent, not timing. If you move to another state with the bona fide intention of setting up a home there, there will be plenty of evidence of it: you'll find a new job, start to establish a new social life, and otherwise act like a person who moved. If you happen to hook up with a friend in the process, it's unlikely to raise any additional eyebrows just because you moved. Conversely, if you go and "live" in another state as minimally as you can, keeping your original home and life intact as far as is possible, but also hook up with someone who is underage, there's a strong argument to be made that your true intention was sex tourism, and that the pretence that you moved is a fiction and should be ignored. If the object of your affections is underage, then you might be prosecuted, even if it takes months or longer for the problem to come to light. Well for that question, I was just assuming you went out of the state for work or vacation or whatever and ran into a random person at a bar. But according to that link I don't see any mention of intent, it just says it's illegal to do anyways. Okay. Is there a "vesting" period if you move to another state though? lol IIRC (I no longer practice criminal law) the determining factor is whether you crossed the state border with the intent to have sex with a person under 18. But good luck convincing a jury you made plans to see an underage girl in another state with no intent to have sex with her, then just happened to end up having sex with her. Also, the law also applies to international travel. Source: http://www.solresearch.org/report/US_Federal_Age_of_Sexual_Consent  No, that's not right, either. -border travel for sex. The PROTECT Act, §105(a)(b), establishes an age of consent of 18 for travel into or out of the country or between states for the purpose of a sexual encounter. If a person lives in a state where the age of sexual consent is, for example, 16 and is dating a 16- or 17-year-old in another state where the age of consent is also 16, that would violate this federal law, even though any particular activity the two people may engage in would be legal in both their states. http://www.solresearch.org/report/US_Federal_Age_of_Sexual_Consent Okay, so based on that, even if you're in another state on vacation, you can't meet someone randomly either? You have to actually move to that state, is the location dependent on what your driver's license says? That's odd that the federal law is 18 but you can go to another country where it's 16 and have it be legal. Unless I'm wrong on this one too. It might be a violation of the Mann Act. It could also be contributing to delinquency of a minor and or corruption of a minor if it resulted in angry parents. And of course, no matter what, if you are traveling across state lines to have sex with an underage prostitute that is all kinds of illegal. Yes. Once either of you cross state borders the federal age of consent applies, and that’s 18.