 Title is fairly explanatory. In my school, the men’s bathrooms aren’t provided with soap and have had their mirrors removed. Now, to combat how many students use the stalls to juul, the school will be removing the stall doors from the bathrooms. I have to figure that this is in some way against the privacy of students who may just want to go #2 in peace. Is the school really able to do this without repercussion? It seemed ridiculous to me.  Ohhh that’s right thanks! I thought it sounded like a new form of bullying  Meanwhile none of this is happening within a day or two. The back and forth you describe can happen over weeks.  Juul is a brand of vape pen that looks remarkably similar to a USB stick, I believe. Very popular with teens.  What is juuuling? Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. that may be true, but there is nuance to this, the principal or superintendent gets on the phone and communicates with the health department. the school agrees to furnish with hand soap or alternative means of washing hands drying hands. Then the kids throw away/destroy the soap and clog the toilets with the paper towels. This is communicated to the health department, central admin office, and up the chain of command. Do you think that the health department is going to fine or worse another public institution that is attempting to follow the rules? When parents call in complaining about the lack of soap, those students are given permission to go to the nurse's office to wash their hands. Again, this is common in urban settings. When you are dealing with compliance issues, everything is not cut and dry, you work with governing bodies to meet the regulations to the best of their ability. When it comes to budgetary concerns, the finance committee is going to choose to fund IEP and 504 implementation over infrastructure because the liability is greater for the former than the latter.  Wrong, not providing soap would run afoul of the health department. Generally speaking, the reason why is that students destroy the soap, mirrors, and paper towel dispensers. The school is of course responsible for providing soap and paper towels/air dryers, however they are not required to immediately replace the destroyed hardware. Budget permitting, those components will be replaced when new units are ordered. This is very common in an urban setting. Tell your parents  Honestly the closest thing i can find is osha stating that each watercloset must be private. I doubt the school has any legal standing to remove the doors. But im afraid i cant be of much more help here. Yes Is this a public school?  Not to mention no paper towels 90% of the time  I literally have no idea