 Hello everyone, I was hoping that someone could help me clarify FMLA law, and possibly give me some advice. I currently reside in Ohio. I will try to be brief. Without going into too many details, I am a firefighter, and I need to have surgery on both of my hips. I have two conditions, one that is a growth defect, a second (labrum tear) that was caused by the defect. This is not a workman’s comp issue, although the tears were most likely caused by years of high activity due to the work I do, I cannot pinpoint an exact event that caused it. If I do not have the surgeries to repair the issues, there is a good possibility I will have to retire early on disability. My surgeon told me that for 1 hip, I would be unable to be on “full-duty” for 4 months. I currently have enough paid time off (vacation,holiday,sick, etc) to cover all but 240 hours of the 4 months. I was also told there is a good possibility that I would not be allowed “light duty” (desk work to avoid using time off) during this time. After reading FMLA law, to my best understanding, it would only cover me for 12 of the 16 weeks I would need off. What I am unsure of is: 1. Does that 12 weeks begin as soon as I have the surgery? Or as soon as I run out of sick time? 2. If it does, do I HAVE to file for FMLA starting from the day of my surgery? Or can I wait to file until I run out of time? 3. If I have to file immediately, and it starts immediately, I will run out of time off and FMLA time before I can return. From what I understand, I can be terminated. Do I have any other options here other than just not having the surgery? 4. I work a rotating shift (24 hrs on 48 off). Does this in any way affect how the 12 weeks would be counted? Every day that I don’t have this surgery, I am in constant pain. I am only 27 years old and I feel like I am 50. I have tried other avenues of treatment (therapy, chiropractic, meds, etc) and every time I pick a patient up, or lift something heavy I run the risk of injuring my back because of my reduced range of motion. Any feedback would be appreciated Thank you.  Our union is generally weak and our president is new. He told me that I could trade shifts for the extra days. While that may work, it is definitely not ideal.  Are you unionized? That is reassuring thank you.  So I should have added that this pain started about 4 years ago. And the statute of limitations on claims is 2 years in Ohio I believe unless cancer is involved for firefighters. As far as what my doctor says about how it happened, he has no idea. Lastly, Wednesday I am going to HR to talk to them. I agree that in theory HR should be there to help me, not screw me, but I guess the head of HR has it out for the FD according to my supervisor and I want to be as prepared as I can going into this.  This is a tricky one to unpack, but I'll tell you for sure that you can't game the system. You need to contact HR immediately with these questions. If you are unionized, you should contact your union rep as well. Finally, what does your doctor say is the cause of this condition? If your doc says is or could be caused work activities, it may be compensable through work comp. Filing a claim at this point in the game will raise some red flags, but I would very much hope that your leadership and HR would work very hard to help you pursue the correct methods to take care of this medical issue. Your HR department may even encourage you to file a claim first and see if work comp will cover it. This may not be the case everywhere, but you're a fireman...I just can't see any of the parties not going out of their way to take care of you.  These are really questions you should be asking your employer. I would assume there’s an HR department you can contact, and they probably have either an internal department or third party administrator who handles FMLA claims. Your employer might, for example, have rules that you should exhaust your pto before taking FMLA. Additionally, the dates of your leave typically depend on the forms you fill out and what your doctor certified to your employer. 