 My wife and I are caring for a 17 year old who is the child of a friend, but who cannot live at home with their parent and their spouse due to conflicts with the spouse, coupled with emotional issues with the child. The arrangement is amicable with the parent and their spouse facilitating them living with us until they reach the age of 18, but we are running into an issue where Columbus city schools are not allowing us to enroll them in school for their final term. We have a power of attorney from the parent that specifically gives us the power to enroll in school, but the school won't accept it and is insisting on custody only. The parent lives in a different school district where the child is enrolled now, but we are switching because it is a daily 30 min drive each way and isn't sustainable. Do we need to file for some kind of temporary custody? We can't find information about how to do that or if we need to. We aren't looking for permanent custody, just something so that we can get them enrolled in school.  Thanks for all the info. As we are finding out this is a much more complex issue than we had hoped. May look into temporary guardianship, or maybe just online school. Thanks again! Yep as soon as I had the court date. Dublin told me I had 2 months to get to court, but since the holidays are messing things up, they didn't say anything about having the court date so far out. Edit: bring the packet with the court date printed on it to the school. Along with your ID and the kids birth certificate, school records, and shot record. I think that's all they need. Thank you for the info! Quick question from my wife: So you were able to enroll once you had a court date, or you will be able to enroll them in February after the court date? Weirdly enough I live in Columbus Ohio and had kinda the same situation, just with Dublin school district. I ended up having to get full custody for the school. It seems to be fairly easy, you need to go to 373 South High Street, Floor 4 Columbus, ohio That's the juvenile division of the clerk of courts. Ask for custody paper work, you'll have to fill out a fairly big packet. They will help you as you go if you need it. Then it's a $110ish filing fee. You will get a court date, the clerk will send the paper work to the parents through certified mail, they do not have to go to court, just make sure they sign the paperwork. You should be fine with enrolling the kid with the court date, mines in February, I'm not sure what that is exactly, but it sounded painless. Oh also, if you can, bring both you and (sorry I'm assuming) your SO if you both want to be guardians. Good luck, let me know if I can help any more. Edit: oh if you want to call, the phone number is 614-525-4411