 In short, I have the same first name, last name, middle initial (though not middle name) and DOB of someone with a less than ideal record. About 10 years ago, his identifying information and credit history showed up in my credit report, including a complete SSN under the section "Alternate Social Security Numbers". Why that is a thing in the first place, I have no idea. Final background detail, we were born in different states and have lived in different states our whole lives. In 2009, I've had his information removed from my credit reports and they still do not show up to this day. I make sure to include my middle name on everything going forward (including most recently, my mortgage). I've taken what I consider to be reasonable but exhaustive steps towards mitigating this problem. However, collections departments still call me and sometimes threaten me even though we are not the same person. The worst was when I tried to get an apartment, and they said I was rejected because of a felony assault conviction. Eventually we cleared it up, but it's not getting better; collections companies and BG information agencies are still mixing up my private information with this other person. I've talked to some friends who say talk to fraud lawyers, but the ones I've talked to say it is outside of their wheelhouse because this isn't technically fraud. So I don't know what other kind of lawyer to talk to or even what my options are. Do I just have to live with this the rest of my life? Just looking for a direction to go in. TL;DR - In the world of personal data, I am a duplicate record with someone and their info keeps getting accidentally mixed up with mine. What do? Thanks.  May be a dumb question on my part but have you ever tried to purchase a firearm from a dealer and been run through the FBI NICS? If not you may want to give it a try, because if you get denied then you'll know the FBI has incorrect info and there is a process to get all that cleaned up. The process doesn't cost a lot but it does take time. You can also request a Universal Personal ID Number (UPIN) that would be used when background checks are run, to differentiate you from the dude with the criminal record.  Thanks, I'll be more proactive in the BG check running. Funny enough, when a government agency runs the BG check this issue doesn't happen. Only on private BG runs. Still curious.  Thanks. I'll keep an eye on it. The credit report activity is actually ok, and I haven't had their info on it for years. Still a good habit to keep just in case. I'll be more proactive in the BG check, and in my line of work unfortunately, it happens at least once per year. Mercifully shouldn't have to do that for apartments any time soon.  A lawyer can handle this for you, but basically they'll be doing things you could be doing yourself and charging you by the hour for it. You need to continually monitor your credit report and immediately contest anything inaccurate. You might also contact the three major credit reporting companies and see if they can flag your report for this issue. /r/personalfinance may have some better ideas on this. Criminal background checks are harder, because they come from so many sources and companies, but presumably you have those pulled on you relatively rarely. I would let anyone who you know will be doing such a check of the issue before they pull it, so they are aware, and then take any steps necessary to clear it up if something incorrect shows up.  've talked to say it is outside of their wheelhouse because this isn't technically fraud Yeah, it's unfortunate, but there's not a whole lot you can do. You could try changing your own information (name) so it doesn't match, but even then you run the risk of them thinking it's the other person using an alias/changing their name to escape their debts Anytime you know you're getting a background check, you might want to let them know up front about the situation (if you aren't already). Maybe collect some information on your doppelgänger to support that you're two separate people