 This is in Virginia, and the wage ranges from $7.25-$10 an hour if that helps. So at my workplace, I noticed that my managers have given us "tickets" whenever we do something wrong. Missing your uniform? $15. Coming into work late? $15. Messing up a drink? $10. This comes straight from our tips when we pool them at the end of the month and seems a bit unethical and not really heard of. A slightly related scenario that happened recently: the landlord fined the shop $200 due to someone leaving trash on the side of the road and failed to throw it away. My managers aren't able to find out who did, so instead, they took $200 worth of our tips and paid that fine to the landlord. Are things like this illegal?  Start documenting each and every occurrence. If you or the other employees take legal action, it can pay back several times over.  Keep track of your hours and deductions. Make copies, save to the cloud. Find new employment because your employers are unethical and will likely repeat illegal behaviors. Once you are in your new job, file a wage claim with your state, using your documentation of the illegal deductions as evidence.  All of that is very much illegal.  Someone smarter than me will have to speak on the legality of this, but regardless, you should get out ASAP. If your employer makes a mistake that costs you your job, do you think they’ll compensate you? Probably not. What if next week there is another $200 “fine” that never actually happened, but your boss is short on rent? Too many red flags. A good manager would investigate to find out which employee did the act, and correct that specific employee, not take their money. Take care of yourself.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.