 Hi everyone, I have a relatively new leased car. I check the car frequently, and today, did a dumb thing. I went to crowded Costco complex and my car got a massive scratch on it. I was fighting with my spouse so I didn't check/notice the car, and we left the lot to grab coffee close by. A few hours passed and I am not sure if there is anything I can do legally. The Costco is heavily crowded and there are frequent accidents there. Am I allowed to/do you recommend 1) Call Costco to see if there parking lot caught anything 2) Calling my insurance company to see if there is anything 3) phone the police to file a report, but I don't think I can as I left the lot originally I'm at a loss for words, the car is about a 7 months old I want to know my options. I was so dumb, I left the lot and I'm about 1 mile away at the coffee shop haven't moved my car. What should I do?  1) you can try. Its highly unlikely they'll release any information to you. The cameras are for company use only. 2) yes, you may file a comprehensive claim but you're responsible for the deductible. 3) you can. It most likely won't lead to anything. The reality of the situation is that your car was damaged somehow and you gotta fix it. It's unlikely anyone would be caught. This is exactly why I always park far away from everyone else.  It depends on your municipality, but it is likely the police will have you file at the department or online. Parking lot hit and runs with no injuries aren’t worth dispatching for. You may need a police report to have it resolved with insurance.  It's not dumb, never dumb to report an accident to the police, this way they have it on file for your insurance if they need.  thank you for the reply! same for calling the police or is that extreme? this has never happened before, and we don't know if that's dumb calling the cops You can do all of the following, in fact, you probably should. You should probably file the report and contact your insurance and then see if Costco has some cameras that could catch something (highly doubt it)