 I recently was charged with a gross demeanor DWI. No one was hurt and I cooperated fully. I chose to bail for a higher amount with no restrictions upon bail. I have quit drinking... and goddamnit dont drink and drive even if you're driving 5 blocks to your neighborhood hockey rink set in a residential area. My question is will I have to submit a drug test when paying for my reinstatement and new license fee at the DMV or through the state? All I do is smoke little pinches of weed every few nights after work. My other question is due I have any chance of preparing a statement to read to the judge in an attempt to lower my charge by 1 degree (south of gross misdemeanor) if I'm 30 and have absolutely no criminal record of any kind? Obviously I have thought about an attorney for that but it's going to be costly. Thanks in advance. IANAL, just a person who's been through this before in MN. It was strongly recommended by my attorney that I preemptively do an alcohol abuse evaluation and class prior to my court date. (His rationale being that it may be ordered or included in a plea agreement and therefore look good for me if I got in front of it.) The evaluation included questions about drug use and there was a drug test. Therefore, I would strongly recommend that you put it down for a little bit, at least until Walz gets it legalized, and maybe a bit longer that that as a demonstration that you're serious about cleaning up your act. You absolutely need an attorney for this. Do not try to DIY it. There is a process to request a public defender, but call around to a few attorneys. Mine cost me less than $2000 for a garden variety first time dui, and he was able to get my charge down to careless driving which included one year of probation to the court and a much lower fine. BUT, since this is a gross misdemeanor, then you blew really high or you had a kid in the car with you. Either of those will make this a much tougher go for you, so beg, borrow, or sell your old baseball cards and get a lawyer.  [removed] Perhaps not responsive to your question, but I'd say it's worth getting a lawyer.