 I have a vacant lot in Lehigh Acres, Fl, which is in Lee County. Code enforcement sent me a registered letter to remove a trailer and vehicle being stored on the lot or else they will start enforcing a daily fine beginning on January 18, 2019. I called the agent for details because inspecting for myself is not a viable option as I do not live in a reasonable proximity to the property. The agent recommended that I mail a letter to all of the houses on the block in an attempt to notify the owner of the vehicle and trailer to remove them before January 18, 2019 or they will be towed. I pulled up all of the houses on the block, there aren't many, and am ready to draft and send letters. What should I be aware of here? Can I tow? Can it be at the vehicle owner's expense? Should I send the letters certified? Any advice would be helpful. Thank you. You can tow at the owner's expense. You don't need to notify the vehicle owner; you making an attempt is a courtesy and an attempt to resolve the issue without resorting to towing. See [here](http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute URL=0700-0799/0715/Sections/0715.07.html) for rules about towing vehicles from private property in Florida.  Certified mail is the best option, with delivery receipt. You can then send a copy of the letter to the code enforcement officer who contacted you, along with a copy of your postage receipts, to show you've done everything you can. And yes, code enforcement will make the owners pay for whatever they tow. For the future, as soon as you can you should put up signs that say both no parking and no trespassing on this property. Call the closest house to the property. If it is not theirs, they should know whose crap it is. Call the sherriff. They can give you a tow company. The sherriff can also patch you through to the neighbors too. I dont understand you needing to coddle them. They know that the property is not theirs. Give them a chance but you are clear t I'll have them moved 