 This is a pretty standard bar operation in terms of the till, with the cash register having a set amount at the beginning of each shift. We count and record what is in there, noting any discrepancies from the previous shift. At the end of the night we count it back down to the set amount, with the rest of the cash being dropped into a deposit box. We have no way of (or rather the owner denies us) the ability to print out any shift report from the register for cash transactions. The credit card machine is a separate unit, and all we get from there is a settlement report. He is the only one who views the cash transactions/register unit report and when he compares it to our blind cash drop, we are required to pay any difference. Is this legal? The ability to print and review a shift report would allow us to find input errors and correct as such. I just feel as if this blind drop thing sets us up for failure. Let me provide an example. We have live music on weekends which requires us to do a pay out from the register to pay the bands. One night a new bartender forgot to enter the pay out for $350 and just took it out from the till. The following day the owner texts everyone who worked that shift saying we each owe $100 plus dollars because the numbers are "all wrong". I finally realize it was the band pay out that went unrecorded and point this out to the owner, which he did accept as truth. But he would have made everyone give him that money had they been new bartenders or weren't smart enough to figure out the mistake. I don't know. Seems off to me. Thank you very much! I appreciate the examples provided. The employer can't make you pay them for shortages, for broken glasses, for mispoured drinks, for dry cleaning bills sent by a lady if you accidentally spill a drink on her coat, etc. The employer can discipline employees up to an including termination for being a screw up, he just can't dock their pay for it or demand money paid back to him. And if you object to his illegal practices and he fires you for that, this could give rise to a claim of unlawful retaliation.  This is great to know! Thank you. And thankfully this isn't my FT gig. Just an extra money thing. But still. When I am there I absolutely want to be educated on the matter so I'm not being taken advantage of.  Thank you for the suggestion! That was very helpful. Thank you ! I had my suspicions it was one of those "not illegal, yet" situations. Thank you again for the advice. I will pay heed to your suggestion.   $100 plus dollars because the numbers are "all wrong" Nope, this is illegal. They can fire you for not agreeing to the deduction, but you don't have to agree. You can raise a wage complaint with the [Penn Dept of Labor]() if they do decide to take the money anyway. This isn't a legal issue yet. A way to avoid this would be to work with your coworkers to make it clear that this is illegal and that they will not be paying it. Holding employees liable for such shortages probably isn't permissible at all, no matter how they document the loss, under PA law. I would suggest a call to the DLI after the holidays. You don't have to pay it. They can fire you and you can file for unemployment, assuming you're not under the table. You can sue them for anything you have paid in the past. Tell them to shove it. You can tend bar somewhere else.