 Please see TL;DR at the bottom if this is too much reading I'll try to keep this as short as possible. Basically I made several comments and two formal complaints to two of my bosses about being harassed by two individuals. It really is textbook workplace bullying. They were shrugged off, so I requested to be transferred multiple times because of the harassment, I had stores on all occasions offering me full time work, and was told I would not be allowed to transfer, only quit and work for a different company. After months of not being able to find a job, the harassment continued - I finally had enough one day as my work environment was extremely hostile (e.g. coworker committing fire-able, fine-able offenses on camera, humiliating me in front of customers, etc. I removed myself from a situation which could have (hypothetically) landed me in some sort of trouble. I left for the day, explained to my boss why I was leaving, and promised to return on my next shift. I am now suspended indefinitely for what my boss described as "job abandonment". I made 2 HR complaints the day I left my shift about the incident, repeated harassment, and neglect by my boss. HR contacted me today, 1 week after my suspension, and said they weren't aware I was suspended, I am not supposed to be, and its not policy to suspend for leaving a shift, but it may be over a week to have me unsuspended (weekend,holiday,etc). They also stated that what I did was not considered "job abandonment". They seemed overall confused about the suspension and thought I was leaving out large details - I wasn't. I'm in a REALLY bad spot in my life. I really cannot afford to be out of a job and have since taken up to Ubering until this is resolved, but it's not nearly paying my bills. I will surely be working again next week, but most likely in the same hostile conditions that i've been in. I will continue to work here until I find another position, as I have no other income. Do I have any legal recourse? If I get my job back, can I get compensated for my 2 weeks of wrongful suspension? Should I sue them if I don't get my job back... or even if I do? I'm not trying to roll over and be a victim here, but I feel that I am being treated VERY unfairly. I'm so depressed and stressed from working this awful job that i've gained nearly 55 pounds since I started working here lol TLDR; I'm being harassed at work. I made formal complaints with boss. I tried to transfer multiple times over 5 months, was told by boss that i'd have to quit. Coworker continues hostility in one situation, I leave the situation to avoid escalation or involvement in front of customers, i'm suspended indefinitely without pay. What do Since you have reported the harassment to management and HR and it has not been addressed, this is your next step:  In that case, you might be able to take some action, though it won’t protect you in the short run. Contact the EEOC and start a complaint, or talk to an employment attorney.  My boss has directly said that the harassment was "probably" due to me being the only male in the workplace. and has implied multiple time that i'd be able to handle the environment if I were female, and have group texts from my boss saying that only the females can handle our workplace. Often praising them for their girl-power, in an obvious attempt to emasculate me. Does that constitute? There's really not much proof on paper, but the bias against males is obvious. I'm also a racial minority in the workplace, and have listened to, and informed my boss of conversation bashing and berating my race. Often stereotyping them as "awful, entitled", etc. The harassment is extensive, I just didn't think it was necessary to write about in my first post. This was all also included in detail in my HR complaint, and my boss is completely aware of every situation regarding negative conversations about my race. She shrugged one formal complaint off by saying "she was probably joking" Not unless the harassment is sexually based, or related to your ethnicity, gender, religion, or other protected status. Regular old asshole behavior is not illegal.  Understood. There's no legal recourse for repeated harassment and management neglecting to address it, etc.? You're an at will employee. You can be fired or suspended for any non-discriminatory reason, or no reason at all. If your bosses don't have your back it sounds like you have no future there, so your main concern should be finding a new job ASAP.