 Basically somebody tore up part of the grass outside the office. The police come to my door saying the office called and had witnesses. I did not say I did it and I did not say that I did not do it. The evidence is my work truck has mud on the tires. It is left as a civil matter. Basically there are no witnesses and the only evidence would be my truck having mud on it (it has been raining quite a bit lately so mud is nothing special). Also I told management to send me a bill to review (for record keeping purposes). My intention is to let this go to civil court. Does anyone have any experience with how these things work? I am afraid that because this is a corporate place and they have an army of lawyers I might be screwed.   If you did not do it and were not responsible, then it doesn't matter. You would dispute whatever the charge was, which is why it is weird that you would ask for a bill if you did not think you were responsible. This is a civil matter not a criminal one. There is no such thing as guilt just responsible or not. The standard for civil cases is that a judge find its more likely that you are responsible than not, asking for a bill tips things in favor of thinking you felt responsible. They do not have to prove anything beyond reasonable doubt as they would in a criminal matter.  You have a couple of options. First, admit to doing it and try to work out a payment plan. Second deny it, wait for them to take legal action and then hire an attorney and maybe be found not responsible, but still owing legal fees, or lastly deny it and defend yourself have less chance of not being found responsible but no legal fees added in.  The differences between civil court (assuming small claims for the time being) and criminal court is that the bar is lowered in terms of proof. In criminal court it's "beyond a reasonable doubt" and in civil court it's "by a preponderance of the evidence." "A preponderance of the evidence" generally means that the judge has to be convinced 51% of their side and 49% of your side in order to rule against you. You're writing as though you know what really went on but are refusing to admit one way or the other (which you shouldn't) -- for example, how do you know there are no witnesses? Why are you requesting a bill to scrutinize? Yes, if it's small claims court, no lawyers are necessary and each side would simply present their version of events and evidence and the judge would make a ruling based upon a preponderance of that evidence (basically, "is it more likely than not?"). If it's outside of small claims court and into big-boy civil court, lawyers are generally required and a similar process would apply.