 I had a very minor domestic violence arrest that resulted in a DA reject. I never made a threat of any violence nor struck/touched my accuser but the details are beside the point. I had very limited contact from jail, one call to my sister when I first got there, then one call 24hrs later. Instead of posting a ridiculous bond, my sister paid an attorney recommended by a friend $4500 for an all inclusive defense without my knowledge or consent. As you can imagine, I'm now on the hook to my sister for the $4500 in which the attorney made about 5 phone calls, never showed to my court date that was cancelled so I just sat in court holding all day not knowing what was going on, and then ghosted me after a week. Didn't return text message of simple questions I had regarding a TRO, etc. I'm thinking of sending him a letter requesting a partial refund, expressing displeasure, etc. How would you folks respond? Had it been me, I would have just done a retainer, because I knew the facts of the case and that it would have been an easy defense, if it came to that. Do I have any recourse at all? She paid it while I was in jail. Why do you owe your sister this money?  Maybe, but do you know if he never spoke with the DA? Once again, your sister can ask for a refund (I'm not stating she is due one) and you can look into the bar association.  He didn't do a thing. The DA rejected the case and I never saw the inside of the courtroom. I got out after the 72hr rule w/ no charges. If your sister paid, she's the only one who can ask for a refund or cost reduction. But you also haven't explained what this attorney did or didn't do that you think warrants a cost reduction. Lawyers aren't cheap, and you not feeling like it was that hard isn't a reason not to pay an agreed upon price. She agreed to pay a set fee, she got what she paid for.  You (and your sister, probably) can initiate a [mandatory fee arbitration](http://www.calbar.ca.gov/Attorneys/Attorney-Regulation/Attorney-Fee-Arbitration) proceeding. Your sister may ask for a refund, but not you. You can contact your local bar association -- mine has a fee dispute committee. If the attorney's phone calls helped the case be dismissed, or got you out of jail quicker or on a lower bond, you don't think he earned the fee?  I'm on the hook for it to my sister. what malpractice do you see from what OP wrote? You want to ask for a refund for money that you didn't pay?