 To make a long story short, I called Apple support in order to get my Apple ID unlocked. They made me drive for 3 hours and buy gift cards that totaled $800, and when I asked for their employee ID, they hung up. I’ve already cancelled my credit card and am planning to go to the police when they open on Monday. My bank is currently investigating the fraud and they’ll have 60 days to let me know if they’re paying for it or not. I just need advice on how to proceed from here. I’m a college student and there’s no way I can pay $800 out of pocket. I also don’t know if the bank will say that I’m responsible for it or not. I’ve been freaking out so I would appreciate any advice.  Which is exactly the same as sending cash. The money has been spent. :(  [i] was on pain meds that are stronger than I usually take You are lucky you didn't kill or seriously hurt someone. It doesn't sound like you should have been driving, from a legal and moral perspective.  They said they would refund me the money, so that’s what I was relying on.   $800 out of pocket. Out of curiosity, what did you expect to happen to the bill for these gift cards when you purchased them? It sounds like you were expecting to pay $800 in gift cards in exchange for who you believed to be Apple support unlocking your Apple ID. If this had not been a scam, you would have the same $800 bill. Based on your post, I don't think the bank will be able to remove the charges from your bill. The applicable reasons why the bank would remove the charge from your bill include 'goods/services not received' or 'goods/services not as described' and neither apply to your situation because it sounds like you received the gift cards valued at the amount loaded onto the cards.  I’ll definitely try to contact them. Thank you for your advice.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Were they asking for gift cards to places not named Apple? If so, this should have been a pretty big red flag. You can contact the police about the incident who can either take a police report or refer you to the FBI (likely the later). Based on your post, it sounds like the people you were talking to were breaking the law. The reason why the scammer specified a specific store is that most grocery stores now give their cashiers training to recognize someone buying gift cards for a scammer and to actively refuse to sell them. Among the things to look for, multiple, several hundred dollar gift cards for the same place, the buyer looks to be stressed, they are evasive when asked who is the lucky recipient, etc. Or the customer just blurts out, "the IRS is going to arrest me if I don't send them these"! Which is often why the scammer will tell you not to tell anyone why you're buying such gift cards. In some cases, even the cashier tells them they were about to be scammed, they don't believe the cashier and call the scammer back to what they should do now. As a result, scammers now keep lists of successful locations and locations where they ask too many questions. This is why they directed you to this store. If this was a chain, please report to corporate that they are failing to follow company policy in this regard - you won't be the only one to be actively scammed there. I would not be surprised to see well above average gift card sales compared to other locations if they are keeping track. Yes, these gift cards are usually drained immediately, almost always to buy iPhones to resell. Give Apple, actual Apple support, the gift card numbers, if they can they will find out the serial number of the phone bought and send it onwards to eBay at least for flagging. Doesn't help very much, if the scammer is reselling on eBay they never list the actual serial number. Usually use Craigslist through mules anyways. [removed] Never buy something without a plan to pay for it yourself. It really sucks, but you need to start figuring out how to make those payments. As others have said, if you can get a hold of apple quick enough you MAY be able to stop those cards from getting used, but chances are they were drained within minutes of hanging up the phone. These kinds of scams are very common. Not always, but often the company you got the gift cards from can work with you to get you the money back. The bank might not be able to do anything but there’s a good chance apple can. How were you expecting to pay it before you thought you were getting scammed? That's the same way you'll pay it now. If the bank doesn't do anything, you'll just have to figure it out. Thank you so much, I’m calling them right now.  I highly recommend contacting Apple as your priority. They have all the power here [deleted]  call the number where it says “Contact Apple”  No, you didn't. You fell for a phishing scam. The process is through your bank and to make a police report.   call the number where it says “Contact Apple” One second I am going to get the page for you on Apple where it describes gift card scam. It has a link there that says victims of the scam can contact them  Rule of thumb. Always get the number from the official website (and make sure the URL of website is the real one) I’m really sorry 😥 I think in this circumstance the quicker you contact Apple the better. If they can somehow block the fraudulent gift cards before they are used it might be easier for you. I still recommend calling. Using live chat can sometimes be cold. If you are actually talking to someone there is a better chance they will sympathize  You got scammed. You weren't on the phone with apple support. Your bank likely will not cover the charges as fraud, since you willingly made the purchases yourself, and your account wasn't compromised. Sorry to say, that money is most likely gone. How do I change the location on mobile?  What Apple support number did you call? It sounds like you called a fake number and were scammed. You should contact the real Apple support as quick as possible and ask them what to do. Gift cards are tricky because there is a good chance the gift card amount was already used by the scammer. In Canada we have signs in a lot of stores warning people about gift card scams. No. They asked me to read it to them through the phone.  I don’t understand why did you drive 3 hours? I'm a bit confused - did you send them the gift cards?