 So, i completely dislocated my foot a few months back. It went entirely sideways and i popped it back into place. I went to the emergency room and they gave my foot an xray. Nothing showed up, surprisingly.. fast forward 4 months, a ct scan and 3 doctors appointments(that i had to pay for even with free health care and 3 trips to the emergency room prior) i now cant move my foot properly, have trouble standing without my moon boot and have 3 tendons torn and 2 bone fractures (been confirmed). Is there any way i can try to ensure a proper check up and full work up with this? I was also told multiple times that a ct scan was pointless and would be a waste of time by 2 seperate doctors. Im not trying to find a claim for malpractice (as that would cause problems even if it was actually viable). I just want proper help for my foot so i can actually work. Any advice at all would help. Also, im a tasmanian resident if that means anything. I would suggest looking for a provider who is a podiatrist who specializes in ankles or a orthopedic surgeon who may also be a podiatrist who specializes in ankles. the best only do this area. They don’t do ankles, knees, and hips. Do your research. Are the board certified? Any complaints against them from the board of medicine? Where did they go to school? Where did they train? Are they busy? The best have long waits. Ask your primary who they send to for ankles. Ask friends who have seen someone for their ankles. If you know anyone in orthopedics at all ask them who to go to. If you know anyone who is a surge tech or nurse in orthopedics ask them. Go see them. When they discuss it and say you need surgery you make an appointment with a second one in a different group for “a second opinion”. They can get you in quickly for these as you are not asking them to do the surgery. You are asking them if you should. See if things match. Edit: if you have pro sports teams in your area call them and ask who they use.  Malpractice of any kind is very fact specific and it is unfortunately beyond the scope of this subreddit. If this is a medical question, it is highly recommended to speak with a medical malpractice attorney; your state's bar may be able to refer you to one. They typically work on contingency, meaning there is little up front cost to you. Similarly, consultations are typically free. It wouldn't hurt to meet with one, have them look over your info, and go from there. If this is a question about legal malpractice, you should seek the advice of a second unrelated attorney and/or report the matter to your state bar association" I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.