 Posting for a friend because she’s not on reddit I work at a local perfume company that makes customized fragrances in a small lab behind the store in a building in Manhattan. Basically in 3months of joining my job, I had some chest pain so I went to a doc, and through a lung function test they determined I have mild asthma. Now another 10months into my job, I have been having breathing problems and chest pain, and I had to redo the PFT (lung function test), and my results are bad. I have developed asthma and chronic bronchitis (at the moderate obstruction level), and basically its triggered cuz of being in and smelling chemicals. I am going for a second opinion to a pulmonologist- while this chronic bronchitis is kinda showing I have COPD ( a non-curable/progressive lung disease), this would mean I have to leave my job (at least that's what the doctors r telling) My workplace didn't have a working exhaust, or air filter. And they didn't provide masks either. Since they have been there for 50 yrs, the building environment is very concentrated with chemicals, so much that if u leave food out open for 10mins or so, it will start tasting like fragrance. The smell gets on my clothes bags everything. Their own dad died due to lung cancer, and now their aunt has been sick for a year after organ failures and water getting filled in her lungs. I don't know what triggered her condition. Now, after I told them about my diagnosis, they have fixed their exhaust, and bought an air filter. But I think now its too late, I need a total stop from it all. And improve my air quality asap. I have been throwing up a lot like about 12times from jan to now- docs say I ingested a chemical irritant and to confirm that, I have to go for an endoscopy and tissue biospy on Tuesday 🤢 I am on Ventolin inhaler, and also prescribed Symbicort- which has too many side effects (such as eye disorder). So I m just waiting for more tests next week, also a CT scan for lungs and will let u know, currently on break from work until 20th to figure out what's really wrong with me. I have no idea what to do at this point, my life is dependent on this job because I got bills to pay and I won’t be able to find another job ASAP, also the medical bills are stacking up, I’m afraid I’ll go bankrupt with all these medical costs, no job in the future and my deteriorating health. Please advice me on what to do in this scenario, thank you! TLDR; started working at a local fragrance company that is located in a small building with no exhausts and within 10 months, I’ve been diagnosed with asthma and chronic bronchitis, now docs say potential diagnosis for COPD because of chemical irritants at my workplace, please help!  What exact chemicals are causing the vapors ? Would you know the chemical formula ??? You have a right to know and should have MSDS Material Safety Data Sheets for the chemicals you are exposed to. If you are still experiencing issues at your workplace, you can report the conditions to the NYC Department of Labor and they may arrange to do an inspection and test the air quality. Not legal advice, but I have been on Symbicort for many years and a lot of the more alarming sounding side effects they list are _very_ uncommon, and the documentation that comes with it breaks down the number of subjects who reported those issues to show how uncommon. If you choose not to take it to make sure your doctor knows and can prescribe something else. If you don't control your asthma issues they can get worse over time.  . I don't know what triggered her condition. yes you do .  I have not spoken to anyone about this matter just because I want to keep my job and not risk getting fired. Yes I am concerned about my health, but I am equally concerned about paying bills and don’t wana lose the job before I feel secured. I don’t have a history of asthma or bronchitis in my family and I was perfectly fine before I started working there. My endoscopy and CT Scan would confirm if my health condition is because of my working there. Thank you for the info, I literally had no idea where to start or what to do and your advice gives me a starting point, I’ll look into those ASAP and reach out to a few attorneys  Have you spoken to a workers' compensation attorney? Have you filed a WC claim with your employer? Has your doctor actually stated that, to a reasonable degree of medical certainty, your condition was caused by work related exposures? If your employer is covered under the WC law in your area, they are supposed to be paying for your medical treatment (unless the insurance company denies coverage in which case, your matter would have to go before the WC commissioner). Reach out to several WC attorneys to see which one you feel conformable with, and let your attorney reach out to your employer, if applicable. If WC law applies to your employer, and if you are unable to work because of your condition (because a doctor keeps you out of work), you will only be entitled to 2/3 of your normal weekly rate while you are unable to work. [HERE](http://www.wcb.ny.gov) is the home page for NY's WC Board.