 When we moved into our rental house end of August 2018. The day/night we moved in he told me to run the washer because the house had been vacant for about 9 months. Stanley steemer was there earlier and they told me of a septic leak in the basement, and I told my landlord and showed him the leak. I run a load with nothing in it and we leave to go to the store. When we got back, we were gonna get in the shower. I go to the shower and the septic had backed up into the shower, toilet, sink and drain. , couldn’t flush anything or drain. I call my landlord and he gets a plumber out that night and the poor plumber was in the basement for about 2 hours. He clears the pipe and we are able to shower and do laundry. The plumber came back two days later to do a scope to see the blockage. They said that a tree root grew into the pipes and dirt is flowing into the septic and blocking it. They said it would be okay for a few months but it will back up again. Fast forward to now, end of December 2018, nobody has been out to the house to fix it. The only thing they have come out and done was check where the water lines go from the house to the tank. Me and my boyfriend are just waiting for the day that we have to clean up literal shit. My family says to not pay him rent until he gets it fixed. It’s a big job because they have to take off the back deck to access the water line (they quoted 8,000). I know I have rights as a tenant and I don’t want him to resent me for not paying him but it’s getting kind of ridiculous. And when he talks to me about it he just says “oh yeah I gotta get them out”. I have payed my rent on time for the past 4 months. I just don’t want to have to clean up shit again because he waited too long to get it fixed. Just wondering if he could kick me out due to me not paying my next months rent, but I’m not paying until this septic gets fixed.  Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you for the advice! Thank you for the advice! Make sure you have renters insurance for your stuff. If shit backs up, it's not your responsibility to clean it up, it's the landlords. IMO as long as the plumbing works you have no right to withhold rent. I'd just want to make sure my personal belongings are insured.  Pay your rent into an escrow account and send him notification of the escrow account. You are required to pay the rent, but it is not required to be available to him.  You have two options, legally: \- You can live there, pay rent, and wait for the problem to recur \- You can argue that the problem is so bad, and the threat so real, that you cannot continue living there and need to move out now, breaking your lease if necessary. Doing this will require you to defend this in court, and you'll have to explain why you left even though the house is fine right now. What you cannot do is continue to live there but insist that it must be free until your landlord does an extremely expensive and invasive fix. Also - while the fix is happening, your unit is probably going to be uninhabitable anyway.  You do have to pay your rent, on time. However, you do not have to clean sewer/septic issues that are caused through no fault of your own. If the toilets/showers back up with poop again, call your landlord and inform him that you will be checking into a hotel until he has the mess properly cleaned up. Then deduct that hotel bill from your rent.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.