 Hello all! My October check to pay rent did not pass through due to NSF (transfer from another bank did not go through), and so my landlord sent me an email (which is normal form of correspondence) detailing the $25 late fee, $25 rejected check fee, and $30 daily late fee, on top of my rent. In this email, the landlord wrote the incorrect total amount due to a calculation error, leading me to pay that amount stated on the email, which is less than what was actually the case. I turn in the money order at her office box that same day, thinking I am off the hook. Before I did this, I took photos of all the money orders, thus showing a timestamp. Now, TWO MONTHS later, I get an email stating I still owe money, but now with additional late fees since the landlord did not write the correct amount. I explained to the landlord that I paid off the exact amount as she had stated on the email and that I should not be charged the late fee since, after all, she made the wrong calculation. A day later, landlord emails me back with a reduced fine, which does not make sense. I owed $25 from the month, plus $100 late fees, but she offered to reduce it to $95. This struck me as odd since, normally, if one has a remaining balance, a notice is sent the next billing cycle, but this did not happen until two months after the fact. Upon the advice of the Austin Tenant's Council, I proceed to write a letter of good faith explaining this discrepancy to her so that she can acknowledge her error as well as provide my ledger from May 2018 to November 2018. In her reply, she acknowledges that although she made the calculation error, she is still charging me. Curiously, she replied via email even though I specifically requested that she respond via mail on the letter of good faith. Again, I would like to restate that I would have paid for the full balance had I not been presented with the incorrect value. However, I am not willing to pay for a fine that is caused by someone's mistake, especially someone's inability to perform addition. The remaining balance is $25, which I am more than willing to pay for, but the late fees are initially $100, which is egregious for a manager who should be expected to 1)perform simple addition and 2) write the correct value when notifying tenants. My questions are: 1) what should I do next? 2) since landlord replied via email, which blatantly disregards my request for a response via letter, can she be liable for not acting in good faith? Any advice would be greatly appreciated! Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.