 My boyfriend and I live in Missouri, currently looking for places in Missouri/Illinois. The apartment in question is in Missouri. We toured an apartment the other day. The lady was already kind of sketched out from the phone call when I said we were moving from a 450/mo place to her 750/mo place. I explained that the 450/mo place was my first apartment and I just got it because I didn't want to get more house than I can afford. My boyfriend and my combined income is between 2.5-4k a month with no debt (we work commission so the months do differ). She saw us and asked how old we were. We said 20 and 21. She showed us the place anyway but said we were too young to even apply. I don't understand. In this case (housing) age is not a protected class. She can decline to rent to you based on your age.  's only illegal to age discriminate against someone for being too old (above 40 years of age I believe). The 40+ thing is an EEOC thing; only for workers and job applicants. []() The Act makes it illegal to discriminate in any aspect of housing because of an individual’s race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex, familial status (children under the age of 18 living with parents or legal custodians, pregnant women, and people securing custody of children under the age of 18), and disability including: Refusing to rent or sell housing Refusing to negotiate for the sale or rental of housing Setting different terms, conditions, or privileges for sale or rental of a dwelling Making housing unavailable to certain individuals Falsely denying that housing is available for inspection, sale, or rental Providing different housing services or facilities to certain individuals For profit, persuade owners to sell or rent (blockbusting) Denying certain individuals access to or membership in a facility or service (such as a multiple listing service) related to the sale or rental of housing. Age is not protected The reason this isn't an issues isn't because landlords are immune from discrimination laws, it's because they are being discriminated against on the basis of young age, which is legal, rather than old age, which is illegal. Agism protections generally start at 40.  It's only illegal to age discriminate against someone for being too old (above 40 years of age I believe). Discriminating against you because you're too young is legal.