 Title. This happened right now and I'm still waiting on her to get home so I can go to work. I have no details on how she was caught and what she tried to take. All I know is what the officer said to me on the phone. She'll have a court date and is charged with petit theft in Florida. We have two kids, I work and travel full time, she stays at home. If there's potential jail time or license suspension I need to plan for that because we don't have many childcare options. We're also very, very broke (though definitely not to the point of stealing, and in fact this turn of events has shocked me). Thank you. No problem. Still wise to hire an attorney just to make sure the process goes smoothly, it sounds simple when described like that but it's best to have a guide. Especially for the process of getting it off her record. This is amazing, thank you! No history, and I was worried about her record being blemished. Hopefully she can appeal for the opportunity to have the charge dropped. What criminal history does she have? That's going to be the defining factor. Petit Theft below $100 is a second degree misdemeanor in FL. Maximum penalty would be 60 days in jail or 6 months probation, along with any fines, restitution, community service, etc. If she is a first time offender, she will almost certainly be offered a diversion program, which is like a period of probation. She will have to pay restitution (if they didn't get the item back), take an anti-theft class (one day), do some community service hours, pay court costs (usually add up to something around $600), and most importantly, not commit any more crimes. This will last for 6 months to a year, and if she does it all successfully, the charge will be dismissed. At that point she can begin the process of getting it sealed and eventually off her record entirely. Am attorney who practices criminal law in Florida. Incorrect. Second degree misdemeanors in FL have a maximum 60 days in jail or 6 months probation. Probation, fine, maybe community service [deleted]