 My roommate and I are currently having a rental dispute. We have failed to pay rent for the past two months, and my apartment complex has filed a writ for our eviction. She wants to write a 30 day notice, while I have decided to allow the eviction the happen because I simply do not have the money required for a 30 day notice. Of course my decision made her upset, and she has created a hostile environment in the apartment. The night that I told her I would not be signing the notice she moved the sofa that we both leased. She began moving the sofa at 2AM, and we got into a verbal argument due to the noise that she was making. I had a guest over that and he heard everything. While arguing she referenced him, and made him uncomfortable. After that night we did not speak. 4 days later my guest came over again and said hello to her when she entered the common area that we were in. My roommate is claiming that my overnight guest made her feel unsafe simply by telling her hello. She has stated that she will call the police on him if he spends the night again because she feels unsafe. I am vacating the property on Wednesday, but my guest was going to spend the night on Tuesday in order to bring me to the airport in the morning. If the police are called what will likely happen in this situation? What are my rights? Because I know she does not feel unsafe and is only using that as a tactic.  Depends on the police and what she tells them. If she just says "he said hello to me and made me uncomfortable", and he's your invited guest, chances are the police will have more issues with her than him. If she makes up some story such as "he physically threatened me/told me he was going to stab me/waved a knife at me" etc., police may detain him/remove him, and choose to investigate further. Wow that is crazy. I did not even consider that possibility. Seems unfair or unjust though. Is there no way for me to protect myself against this?  But will my guest be required to leave? I don't want to put him in a bad situation, but I want to exercise my rights as a tenant (and grown woman)  If she calls the police they will respond no matter what.  [removed] thank you for the response  Thank you for the response! Only asking because I intend to allow him to sleep over and am curious about possible repercussions  She can call the police for whatever she wants. They may or may not respond, and if they do they are unlikely to care how "unsafe" she feels if nothing illegal is going on. She can call the police all she wants. That doesn't mean they will do anything. You're allowed to have guests.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.