 My ex, his girlfriend, and my mother are neighbors and have been at war with each other since ex and I spilt up. Here in the past couple of months, my mother has called cos on them 3 separate times while they have had my child. All three times have come back unfounded. Ex and his girlfriend went and got an order of protection against her for harassment. Our sons name is on it. My mother is not a danger to our kid nor has she ever been. What can I do to get my kids name removed from it? TLDR: ex got a restraining order against my mother now my kid can’t go around her. What can I do? Well, first your mother needs to stay away from your son and your ex, and the girlfriend unless and until the order is lifted. You may not think your mother is a danger to your child, but calling the police on their father really isn't healthy for the child. Sooner or later your mother is going to be charged with making false reports. Your mother is not going to win a battle against the father and if she keeps it up she is never going to be able to see the child. So I suggest you sit her down and have a serious talk with her. If your mother violates the order as to your child, your ex, or the ex's girlfriend, your mother is likely to end up in jail. In addition, she will find it very hard to fight the order because she will be proving the point. This means that, unless the order allows it, she may not be near the child, even when the child is with you. Second, your mother needs to retain a lawyer to fight the order in January. That is the only way to deal with this. In addition to stopping the harassment. Keep in mind, even if your mother gets the order lifted, your ex could go to family court and seek an order to keep her away from the child due to parental alienation. Your mother's rights are not greater than the father's. She has no right to interfere in his parental relationship with the child. If she is seen as interfering she will lose the right to see the child regardless. Your mother needs to stop using the resources of the state to harass your child's father, or this could become permanent. You need to keep the child away from your mother until the TRO is lifted.  Your mother may be placed on the protection order if the judge believes that she is alienating the child from the father. Your mother should stop the harassment and parental alienation if she wants to have contact with her granddaughter again. The only other way this ends is an arrest for violating the protection order. I assume this one is the TRO untill the actual hearring. In the meantimd your mom needs a lawyer and stop any and all contact with the people who have said TRO against her. Waiting it out is likely to be both faster, easier, and cheaper (if you hired a lawyer) than fighting it.  Right now, it’s a temporary one until January  What is the time span on the restraining order? If it has an expiration date, waiting out might be easiest. If not, get a lawyer who specializes in family law. 