 I'll try to make this as clear as I can which might be hard as I was given a contradictory account of the circumstances. So, apologies in advance. I was on phone yesterday with my brother who lives about a 4 hour drive from me. We live in California. We aren't particularly close. We talk about twice a month, mostly in regards to our mother who is elderly and requires care. While on phone my bother mentioned that he was "clearing up paperwork" for this arrangement he had to help a friend who was "screwed over" by one of the three major cellular service companies (I think the largest of those companies). This friend of my brother's was involved in some sort of "reselling" arrangement with this cell service company and, I guess, broke some rule as was terminated by the company. This friend had/ has a bunch of paying clients and a prosperous business (prior to termination) and he convinced my brother to create a shell company that would contract with the cell service company and run his existing business through their books. My brother gets some sort of "fee" for this and told me that his "friend" was going to give him some "tax write-off's" to help him offset his "income". My brother wasn't asking my opinion about this. I did say: "you aren't asking my opinion about this so I'll keep my mouth shut.". But I did ask I he had thought through the downsides of this, like what would his explanation be if he has to discuss this in a court room. He didn't really have an answer for this and doesn't seem to see this risks involved. I think he sees this as a get rich quick scheme. From my perspective he has put himself in tremendous risk on many fronts: #1. With the company; #2. With law re: fraud; #3 with Tax authorities. I care about my brother and worry he had stepped into a potentially life changing mess. I'd love some perspective, if possible, about the risks he as taken. We are both in our 50's. I am older of two and have a much more "by the book" approach to risks. I am also much more successful than him career-wise and sometimes he resents my advice. He is always looking to "catch up" with mine and other family member financially. Therefor I tend not to give advice. I would break my rule and give advice if my instincts about this are correct.  Thank you. Fair enough. Thank you. Unfortunately, while we spoke, his account of what he is doing kept evolving. I only put down what was clear. Otherwise retelling what he is doing would be a byzantine-layered story. No idea. He's an adult, let him figure it out.  Is this scheme as risky as I think it is?  Okay, what's your question?  What specific legal question do you have? Unfortunately without more details there's not much to comment on besides "Yes that sounds sketchy but without more details we can't say whether or not he's committing tax evasion or some other crime. He should stop doing anything illegal, if he's not been paying the taxes he should he should see a tax attorney ASAP and get that sorted out, and in general, should see a lawyer"