 Close friend send her 15 year old and the other children with their dad for break. About a week ago their daughter cracked her tooth. Her mom took her to the dentist and they sealed it and said they would wait 10-15 days until they would rebuild the tooth. She informed the dad. Well today he informs her that he had it fixed. She was initially upset because he didn’t clear it with her. He said he “took care of it and she should be happy he saved her a ‘shit ton’ of money.” Daughter gets home and it’s bad. The tooth isn’t the right color. And they are misshapen. Yep, they messed with both teeth. In fact, they filed the good tooth to match one that was “fixed.” Also. The teeth now touch. It’s a mess. So, mom is mad and wondering what dentist would do this hack job. Turns out the dads wife, an unemployed, dental hygienist, did it in their living room. Legally, what can she do to make sure that something like this doesn’t happen again during visitation? And, what can she do to make sure the wife can’t do unauthorized procedures on their children? Additional info: the daughter let them do it cause her dad assured her that the wife was trained. TLDR: During visitation dad let his wife perform dental procedures on their daughter without moms permission. Teeth are messed up. How can mom protect kids to make sure this doesn’t happen again?  Anonymoushacker6454 at gmail com / 9292761707 for any hack related job. They’re tested and trusted . Just felt I should let everyone know they’re still real hackers here. Regards. IANAL, I am also not in the US so YMMV. Under German law, most any medical procedure could be construed as a form of assault. Life-saving procedures are covered for elsewhere but the sticking point is that in essence, the 'assault' is executed with the 'victim's' permission and thereby justified. Filing down a tooth, potentially even inserting a foreign object in a minor's body could theoretically be considered a form of assault. This mostly hinges on whether the dad was legally able to consent to a medical procedure enacted on the minor. I don't have to point out that legalities in the US might be different. It might be the nuclear option if required though. As a dentist, yes. State board. Only a licensed doctor should be doing stuff like that The general rule is that if you perform the work of a licensed professional, you are held to the standard of care of a licensed professional. Therefore, malpractice is an available civil cause of action. But so is battery, which is simplier to prove.  IANAL, but a dentist. Good news, it most likely isn't as bad for your daughter as it could have been, if it was done in a living room and not in a real dental chair. Ask her if any drilling was done by the wife. It probably wasn't. This means that the healthy tooth is intact under the bad filling and the other one just has a bad add on as well. Tell that to your dentist. They will be able to use a type of drill that is slower but causes no real damage to an intact tooth. Just trying to come up with a silver lining. Otherwise I'm outraged. JFC I am a child protective services investigator. Aside from whatever civil legal issues may be involved, there is another serious issue. Your friend’s ex-husband and his wife not only failed to obtain medical care for this child, which created a safety risk for the child, but they also created another, more serious safety risk when they took it upon themselves to perform a dental procedure in their home without the proper equipment and under unhygienic, unsafe conditions. This is child neglect-failure to obtain medical attention; child abuse-physical abuse as to dad and stepmom. Your friend should call her state’s child abuse and neglect hotline and report the incident, along with calling the child abuse and neglect hotline in the father’s state to report it. It is vital that your friend report this because if she does not and if something else happens or this came to light and it’s discovered mom knew about this incident and did not report it, she could be looked at for child neglect-failure to protect. Texas doesn't even let hygienists numb patients for deep cleanings (most other states do). Their regulations are VERY strict compared with other states I'm familiar with.  [removed] Yes and no, specifically to this case the “patient” is a child so I don’t think the board/state is really going to care if they knew or not. Especially since it was performed by a hygienist who fully knows that this wasn’t in their scope of practice. In a general sense. It varies by state and is kind of vague what each state considers “The practice of dentistry” so it’s basically up to the state/board to decide if they’re going to prosecute it. Like no one is gonna go after some dad pulling a loose baby tooth from their 6 year old. But if that dad starts pulling all his kid’s friends’ loose teeth then that becomes more of an issue.  Question. Is practicing dentistry a crime even if the patient knows they aren’t a dentist? In other words, is it the dental work that’s a crime or impersonating a dentist? Not even malpractice. It’s practicing without a license. Employed or not, a hygienist is not able to perform any of those treatments. Period.  You seem to be misunderstanding me. The mother should absolutely report this to the police and push for charges. It’s not fair to make it the child’s decision whether or not to pursue this criminally. It will make the child feel as if she’s somehow responsible for stepmom getting in trouble, and the dad might hold it against the child too. Mom needs to be the adult, act on her child’s behalf, and bear the anger of dad’s family so the child doesn’t have to. Some states can have "mid level providers" which are assistants and hygienists that are qualified to do certain types of restorations. However I don't think any board would take kindly to these being done in a living room, they have to be under some sort of supervision by a dentist ("supervision" has some specific legal terms defined by each state's board). I'm not sure about Texas, but I just wanted to let you know that a hygienist fixing a tooth isn't always an automatic illegal act, just in case anyone reading here has had that done in a formal environment (not their step mom's living room). I also want to state that having a job and having a license are two different things I'm seeing a lot of people conflate in this thread too.  [removed] In my state, there is a board of dental examiners that also covers hygienists, it wouldnt be a complaint that she did an inadequate job, but that she did work she was not qualified to do in an inappropriate environment. Surely they would want to know that, assuming OPs state has something similar [Texas Dental Board](http://www.tsbde.texas.gov/complaints.html) That’s an awful position to put a child in and would likely alienate the child from her father. As the parent I’d just go ahead and file the police report. Let the adults be mad at each other. A dental hygienist is not licensed to do any form of work described by the OP. They are educated in gum care, oral hygiene and teeth cleaning at the most. They have no license for any form of tooth modifications that dentists are licensed to perform (removals, braces, dentures, orthodontia, etc.) Dental malpractice?  Fortunately a trained dentist can perform minor miracles on teeth, but it won't be cheap. I'd definitely consult a lawyer to see what can be recouped of the cost to fix the mistake. And if anesthesia was used for this back room dental job, you have to question where did an unemployed dental hygienist GET the anesthesia. Either way I'd be calling the cops to report both of them for physical child abuse. Since I wouldn't even know where to begin with this, I think the mother should call the Dentist that preformed the temporary seal on the tooth; at the very least the Dentist can direct LAOP's friend who to call to report this. Mom also should as the first Dentist the cost of fixing all of the damage inflicted and bring both to court for the cost. Have her take her daughter to her regular dentist to document the issues and an estimate on the cost to correct the bad job and what the cost would have been had an actual dentist done the work. Also, if the filing of the good tooth or the poor work could potentially cause issues down the road get documentation on that too. Then present the documents to the dad and request that they pay the dental bills. Document this as well. If they refuse to pay without reasonable compromise, like they get another quote or that she pay what it would have cost had they done it correctly for example, then she should contact the state's dental hygienist board and file a formal complaint. Also, request her malpractice insurance. She's already performed a medical procedure above what her license allows and this is a serious breach of ethics. If she also did this work while not properly insured it's another serious issue. Looks like shes unemployed, but there must be some kind of licencing board to make a complaint to.  Practicing medicine without a license is a crime. You could start there and report her to her work. Go to your regular dentist and get documentation and an estimate of how much this will cost to fix. They should have previous records to compare to and explain what happened, exactly. File a police report. She used your kid as a test subject then left you out of making medical decisions. This can and will impact the quality of life your daughter experiences for the rest of her life. Talk to your family lawyer about addressing this with the judge and what your lawyer thinks can be modified. But oh my god, I'm so sorry this happened to your kid. Dental issues are just the worst.  NAL. Sounds like the wife should be reported to the relevant agency for practicing dentistry unsafely and without a license. Possibly also a civil suit for the extra cost to fix the damage? And the custody agreement should be modified to prevent the ex-husband from making medical decisions. A lot of this will require a lawyer. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] [removed]