 (Sorry for the length, but this is the summary, believe it or not) I've been with my current company, which is a multi-billion dollar international consultancy, for 2.5 years and have been an expert in my field for 18 years. I had a different understanding as to the nature of my employment when I joined, and quickly discovered that not only am I not working where I thought, but barely using any of my primary skills. The practice I was a part of didn't understand what I did, but they were looking to fill a need for a client and told me to adapt. This has been my experience for the last 2.5 years, and has felt like a giant leap backward. However, from day one my manager was no where to be found. He communicated very little, and asked me to not share with clients what my experience was or how long I was with the company. After a couple of months, the laundry list of issues grew, and I addressed them with my manager's boss. Nothing happened. I brought them up with HR and he was reprimanded. In fact, several HR reports were specifically attributed to his actions. Altering people's CVs, claiming they had certain skills or experience, was not unusual for him. Then he'd just tell the employee to learn it. I am not sure what my resume said when the client got it, I just know I was rarely doing what I do. The "bait and switch" is also a common practice, where you put the finest CVs of your professionals out to a client proposal and then not use them, knowing full well they are a part of a different client and couldn't be used. They would then get cheaper labor to fill the need, and tell them "figure it out" when they lacked the skill. At one point an HR reprimand seemed to work. He was much more respectful to me and I began getting clients that matched my skillset. Then, it all came to a head when I was managing the UX for a client, and in the Statement of Work the client was told we would have 5 employees working on the UX and UI. As it turned out, I was the only one. We would try and get off-shore workers, but none of them had the skills needed. We hired one girl local to help, but my manager immediately wanted to "introduce" her to a different client, and I told him not to, that I would go. While I helped the other client, I was listed as one of the consultants for the project, and asked to do both, while not saying anything. I refused, knowing the other project was a full-load. The new employee quit and I was on my own again. The client knew this. We worked together every day. By the end, I was behind on my deliverable (of course) and when my client asked my manager about why they didn't get more than just me, my manager told him "We have had an army of people working behind the scenes" and immediately called me and told me to tell him the same. I refused. This turned ugly real quick, and he said "but they could sue us!" and I said "let them." I was tired of the game, and my integrity is important. I immediately called HR and they found him in the wrong, but I wanted out of that practice, so I requested a switch and it was granted. I didn't have to deal with him any more. However, that practice still uses my CV on proposals to clients. The practice I'm in has no idea how to use me, and the company has acquired a couple of other companies to fulfill that need. It feels like I've been through a small hell, and it's really taken a mental and physical toll. Come to find out, my manager got a promotion and here I am fighting for my job. I am looking for another job, but I can't help but not want to just walk away without a fight. I only touched on a few things here (believe me) but feel like I have grounds for a lawsuit somewhere. I just don't know how to proceed. Thanks for any advice.  That is not illegal discrimination, although it is poor behavior. Apologies, there are a broad set of issues that I am trying to sum up, and I guess I'm not doing a great job. So let's tackle this one.. I am hired as a consultant, through my consultancy, to manage the UX for a project at ABC, Inc. My company, ConsultantsRUs, gave ABC Inc a Statement of Work contract for the project that listed 5 UX and UI consultants under the UX work stream. This is what the client paid for. For the duration of the 3 month contract, they were unable to hire or retain any more workers than myself. Because of this, the deliverable was late. When ABC Inc approached my manager at CosultantsRUs about why we didn't have the workers outlined in the SoW, my manager said, "We did. We had an army working behind the scenes" which was a lie, and the client knew it. The client is pissed. My manager calls me and tells me to tell ABC Inc that we "had an army behind the scenes working on it" - which was a lie, and I refused to go along with it. I called HR because this was getting ugly. HR did an investigation and reprimanded my manager. There is a "no retaliation" policy for that. However, I have been consistently overlooked for projects that make it difficult for me to retain my employment when that wasn't the case before, and I busted them on that - pitching me to a client, then telling them I'm unavailable. My CV gets me in the door, but they don't want to work with me, so they volunteer that I am unavailable, even though I am. The Manager gets a promotion, I get to look for a new job.  Retaliation for what? Complaining about your boss? You simply haven't described a set of facts that sounds actionable. I edited my post. I am in Texas, though the company has several centers all over, as well as my clients. I fly out of Texas to my clients. That's exactly what I'm asking. I'm not sure if there's a lawsuit lingering here or not. One of my clients is a major Insurance firm and they talked about EPLI insurance, and there's a number of things they brought up I thought could fit, that wasn't just discrimination or harassment. While I am a minority in the company, I don't feel that was a factor. It's a chaotic, and rather hostile work environment, though I'm not sure that it fits in that category. They haven't fired me, (maybe they are afraid to?), but I'm certainly overlooked for jobs that I qualify for because of my position, and recently when they used my CV in a client proposal, the VP said on an internal call that they need to find someone else because I was not available. He didn't know I was on the call, and I was available. There's "bench" time in consultancy, and the longer I'm on the bench, the more likely I'll get cut. I don't know if I would have taken the client, but they never spoke to me. They had no intention of putting me on the project, just using my CV to get through the door. If they are cutting me out as a sort of "retaliation" then that's a suit for sure. I'm just not sure how to prove it or go about this.  Sue for what? Where are you located?