 Right before Thanksgiving, I accidentally left the faucet running in my bathroom overnight. When I woke up, the sink had overflowed (the drain was partially clogged) for several hours. I realize I am at fault, and have no issues taking responsibility for the incident. My landlord contacted his (homeowners? business?) insurance, and they contracted with a local company to bring in heaters industrial dehumidifiers to dry things out. He then informed me that I was personally responsible for his insurance deductible. He has also sent me a bill for lost rent while the lower unit was uninhabitable. Complicating all this is the fact that no actual repairs have started yet, almost a month later. The PM for the repairs "left the company". I'm fairly certain this is at least partially driving the lost rent issue. My unit seems fine -- unfortunately most of the damage is to the unit below me and the basement. I have renter's insurance, with liability coverage. I opened a claim with them and my adjuster says "This is all covered by your policy (except for damage to my own unit)." I wasn't expecting that exception, but I can deal with that. However, my landlord absolutely refuses to work with my insurance. "I will submit bills to you, and you pay me. It's your job to get reimbursed by your insurance" That's not how liability insurance works, right? My landlord is the party with damages so he's the one who needs to be made whole. Now, I've lived here for 12 years, and thought I had a reasonable relationship with LL. He's had a tough year, there are vacant units in his properties, and he lost his day job. He's got bills to pay, etc. I understand he's in need of payment, but his refusal to work with my insurance is frustrating me to say the least. He is demanding money RIGHT NOW, but my insurance adjuster stresses that I should not pay him directly. Piling on top of this: my adjuster has unable to get in contact with LL's insurance company. I've gotten 3 out of office voicemail messages (on three different days) when I've tried to contact him in the last week. I don't know if he's been ill, or what. I have made an appointment with an attorney next week, but would appreciate any advice to tide me over till then. tl,dr: I caused damage, insurance says it will pay, LL refuses to accept money from my insurance At this point I figure the hour consultation with an attorney will be a small drop in the bucket, and may as well see what they have to say. I just can't believe that LL is being so obstinate about this.  Your landlord doesn't get to choose how you pay for the damages (as long as you use money and not goats or something), if he wants payment he can either sue you or deal with your insurance company. You probably don't need your own attorney at this point unless you need help negotiating the uncovered damages (I somewhat doubt this would be cost effective though), if you get sued your insurance will provide an attorney. If they take anything from your deposit make sure you work with your insurance to make sure you can either get reimbursed or sue your landlord for excessive/duplicate charges. Actually finally was able to get in contact with my insurance after a few days of phone tag. He re-affirmed that between my insurance and my landlord's insurance they will cover the damages and loss of business income. Anything I am personally liable for (like the damage to my unit that isn't covered by my policy) LL's insurance will come directly to me for.  Have you talked to your insurance company? Will this work for them? Ultimately insurance is an indemnity agreement (if you're required to pay then the insurance will pay the debt). Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.