 I'm sure this isn't the first time this has been on here, but I bought a house, joint-financed, in January of 2018. I have not lived in the house since March of 2018. All bills are current and paid for, mortgage is up to date ( I call every month to make sure it is paid on time). Firstly, I do not want any gains or even to be paid back for what I put in to this house. I just want out of this mortgage and to be free to purchase another house in the not-so-distant future. She has said her current boyfriend is planning on buying the house, but she will not provide me with proof of a pre-approval or anything. So I am completely in the dark. What worries me, is that if the market takes a turn, the house may not get appraised for what we bought it for less than a year ago and he may not be able to get a bank to finance the loan if this gets dragged out too far. I originally gave her a 10 month period to deal with this (roughly a month ago) but changed it to 90 days and informed her this week. She said to do what I have to, meaning she isn't believing my threats. I have talked to a lawyer and he said a judge can force to sell, but I am hesitant on paying a 4k retainer just to get my name off of this. Is there any legal action I can take being a 50% owner of this mortgage? Can I list the house without her permission? Can I do anything, to show that I am serious and need this dealt with ASAP? He is not necessarily responsible for half. As far as the bank is concerned they are both responsible for the entire mortgage payment. How they split up that payment is their own business.  Divorce isn't going to fix anything if the spouse keeping the home can't refinance. And I don't think I've seen a contested divorce that are any cheaper than a contested partition in kind. Sure, you can and should plan ahead for any joint real estate deal. But the idea that people who buy property with a girlfriend they break up with is making a more costly mistake than someone who buys a house with a wife they divorce seems completely incorrect. Maybe girlfriend implies some lack of seriousness to some people, and yeah, rushing into a home purchase is a bad idea. But it's not like OP would be better off if he'd done everything else the same plus added a January wedding. Your advisor was absolutely correct. Since you are an owner, you have the right to possession. You can move back in, and your ex cannot stop you. You can also give permission to your friends to live there as well. Have any particularly disgusting friends that like to sit in the living room in their underpants? Being aware that you have the right to possession may make your ex more amenable to re-financing. Except divorce and operating agreements can sort things out with a wife or business partner. Buying with siblings or parents, without an ownership agreement, is likewise a bad idea (although usually for the person who has better credit or higher income). You pretty much outlined the options. Either she buys you out which would involve refinancing in her own name, or you sell and split the proceeds assuming it sells for more than you owe on it. Until then, even if you're not living there you are still responsible for the mortgage payments with both your names on the mortgage. Best of luck. Those are pretty much your options: Hire an attorney to force a sale or wait for your girlfriend to figure out how to refinance by herself or with someone else to buy out your interest (or at least take over the loan). As long as she's paying the bills and she's not apt to destroy the place to spite you, it's probably not a bad option. Frustrating, but the risk that the home will ever be worth less that you paid is a risk the bank was willing to take. Also, it's not really in your interest to flag to current boyfriend that this might be a mistake.  I am on both. I did not sign off the title because my advisor said absolutely not to.  Are you on the title? Or just the mortgage? Buying a house with a girlfriend is never a good idea. As long as you are on the loan, it is your obligation to pay. You didn't say how you hold title, but you could possibly sell your interest in the home, but nobody's buying into this mess. Either your ex refinances or new boyfriend buys your interest (which requires refinancing anyways). This is a decision that often leads to ruined credit and possibly bankruptcy.  You can try to get the holder of the current mortgage to do a re-finance to take your name off, but that will need the cooperation of the bank and your ex. 