 Location info: My dad lived and died in Florida, I’m in NY, mom and sister are in SC My dad died in June, with his brother/my uncle as the executor of the will/POA. He and my mom divorced 17 years ago, and both signed a separation agreement that they would each maintain $350,000 life insurance policies and keep each other as the primary beneficiaries for as long as my sister and/or I were in college. A while ago, right before he passed, it came out that he violated the agreement by naming my sister (who is a senior in college) and I as the beneficiaries, completely taking her off of the policy. As my dad was extremely ill and indisposed, her attempts at asking to be put back on the policy were pretty futile, and I guess the issue fell by the wayside as he got progressively worse and we were all occupied with that. My dad ended up leaving my sister and I pretty much everything, besides money to pay off outstanding medical bills, legal fees, etc. including the proceeds from the sale of his business (about $60,000 total split between my sister and I) and the life insurance money (about $175,000 split). Out of good faith and trying to do the right thing, my sister and I both gave my mom 1/3 of the total of the life insurance money off the record, just tranferred it to her bank account. I realize that this was probably a mistake because it admits guilt of some kind. A few months ago, my sister and I also verbally agreed to give her the money from the sale of the business, each for our own reasons. I know it sounds naive but the past 6 months have been hard and I just didn’t feel like making a big deal about it while grieving. Now 6 months later, it turns out that she is suing my dad’s estate for the rest of the life insurance money, which according to my uncle, would bankrupt the estate and my sister and I would’t see any more of the payout until this is resolved. She didn’t even tell me she was doing it, and my sister said last night that it was “because she couldn’t get a hold of me.” We spoke on the phone last week and it wasn’t brought up. I plan on speaking to my mom later, but I don’t want to take any missteps so I’m posting here first. My questions: 1. Do I need to get a lawyer for this or is it all pretty much said and done? According to some googling, the separation agreement overrides his will. If this is correct then I guess I’ll just have to go along with it. 2. If I can convince her to drop this (is that even an option?), are there any measures I can use to protect myself in the future?  TBH I don't think she'll have much luck. The agreement would have to be enforceable (there's lot of things that are written and signed that are not enforceable) and if she did anything to violate the agreement (also taking him off as a beneficiaries or anything else) it'd could be argued as a void contract. Don't give your mom any money unless it's a settlement or you're ordered to otherwise she could claim it as you're admitting she's in the right And that raises the question on if this would be a fraudulent beneficiary transfer, or just the father's failure to adhere to a divorce decree/court order. Just gets more complicated. This IS correct, most of the time. In theory, if she's owed money, it's by the estate and she'd be in line before the kids inheritance, but would only be able to draw from what the estate funds, not the insurance money. This could very well end up with the estate paying out the $350 and the kids having to sue mom to try to get back what they paid her by proving she obtained it fraudulently, when she intended to recover the money from the estate anyway.  Life insurance does NOT generally pay out to the estate - it is a transaction between the company and the beneficiary, and the estate never touches it, so she cannot take YOUR life insurance money. She MAY have a case that she's owed $350k by the estate, which would let her take the proceeds from sale of the home and business and other assets before you two got your share, but that's the question. The money you got from the insurance company is yours, free and clear. The fact that you paid her out of your insurance money is actually unfortunate, because, since it comes from a separate pool, it doesn't automatically count as part of what she is owed by the estate, if a judgment is rendered. You should be able to argue that you paying her was obviously intended to offset some of that money, but it's not automatic.  Life insurance does not pass through the estate, so she is suing the wrong person.  They're not a probate asset. Now, that makes it a question of whether probate court has jurisdiction over that money. It doesn't necessarily mean civil court (or maybe even family court in this instance) can't do something about it. Fraudulent beneficiary transfers do happen and they have to be sorted out somehow. Hell, I may just be a layman, but I was under the understanding that proceeds from life insurance were not ever part of the estate and were the sole property of the named beneficiary (unless the estate was, somehow, the beneficiary I suppose). That makes me wonder, if the court finds she is owed the money, wouldn't it only come out of the estate and whatever isn't covered by the estate, she's SOL on? Was a probate actually opened in Florida? The first comment is incorrect if a probate hasn't actually been opened.  You and your sister need to file gift tax returns for the money given to your mother.  That's a really good point. Thanks for your input! Quit giving her things you don't have to give her. The court may say that's good enough through principles of equity but they don't have to. My estimation of the situation is that the entire point of that life insurance policy was to insure your college education and to be able to insure that you could be raised during that time too. Why cut it off immediately after college if the intention was for your mom to have it? If your dad had lived one more year, his violation wouldn't have made a difference. I would hope that the court would see it that way and would not like your mom squandering your inheritance to try to get insurance money that you've largely already paid to her that was supposed to used for you in the first place.  He does, because the claim her lawyer sent him included the fact that we both voluntarily gave her the money. Their separation agreement also included that they both split our college expenses, and to my knowledge they did that up until about 6 months before his death for both my sister and I (I graduated a year and a half ago). So that may have been the intent, but there's no way to know for sure..? It's confusing because we already verbally told her we'd give her the money from the business, and we're all very close so there's no reason she shouldn't have at least told me about her plans to sue beforehand. What a cluster.  Ah ok, I wasn't sure if this fell under their services. I'll probably wait until other events unfold to see if I need a lawyer anyways, so that's good news for now. The second part is going to be a little difficult because I'm supposed to visit soon for the holidays... but that's a bridge I'll cross later. Thank you for your input.  Does your uncle know you gave your mom the life insurance money? Since she has a portion of it, she would only be entitled to the remaining portion of the money should the court decide she's owed that money. It sounds like the entire purpose of the life insurance policies were to pay for you and your's sister college. If that's the case, then yes, he violated the order, but if he gave the money to your sister and she presumably is using it for college, your mom might not have much of a case.  Speak with uncle and his probate attorney. Do not speak with your mom or her attorney. Edited for spelling. 1. Your uncle’s probate attorney should be handling this since he is settling the estate. At this point you personally probably do not need a lawyer. 2. Don’t discuss this case at all with your mother.  Dont talk to a party that is suing you without a lawyer, go find a probate lawyer. Done.