 Hello everyone. I feel bad about asking this because there is nothing I can give you guys in return for your responses, while I'm asking a lot of questions. There is a law that you can't stay longer than 90 days in Europe if you are from America. I'm curious as to how exactly they measure this, and how anyone would find out? Specifically living in The Netherlands as an American citizen. Is there a way to go to Europe to live here, and get a visa/legal way to stay during the 90 days you can legally be here? Also, how would my loans, current apartment and all those things work? It's all so much and I don't know exactly how it works. I'm sure it would be a lot better to prepare all of this before you would leave, but that's not really an option. Again, I'm sorry and I know this asking a lot from you guys, but it would help me clear my mind. Hmm ok, ty! Ah ok, thank you :) Thanks :) Thank you :) Thank you so much, I really appreciate this! This is super helpful. The Netherlands is part of the Schengen open borders region. As an American, you can enter and remain within the entire Schengen region for 90 out of every 180 days (on a rolling basis) without a visa. So, once you have been in Schengen for 90 days, you have to leave for 90 days, then you can come back. "They" can tell because your passport is scanned into a computer whenever you enter or leave the Schengen region. Some people think that some countries pay more attention than others and that you might be able to get away with overstaying if you enter and leave through, say Italy, but who knows? For most European countries that are not part of Schengen, you can enter and stay without a visa for 90/180 days in each country, but you need to check country by country, they aren't all the same and you can't assume. Every country has a process for requesting a residence permit to stay longer if you fit into one of their categories (student, expat employee, researcher, volunteer, etc.). As someone else noted, you may (or may not, I don't know about NL) need to start by obtaining a long-stay visa from the Dutch Embassy or a Dutch Consulate in the US. You can probably find this information on the Dutch Embassy website. Without a proper visa and/or work permit, you won't be able to get a job. If you overstay you risk being deported, fined, and blackballed from re-entering the country, especially if you are unable to pay the fine. Most countries (I don't specifically know about NL) won't imprison you for overstaying your visa, but you may be detained (jailed) for a few days until they can deport you. As for your loans, apartment lease, and other liabilities back in the US, etc., you are still liable for whatever you owe, and while you are hanging out in Amsterdam, penalties and interest may be piling up and will be waiting for you when you come home. You can, of course, use online banking and credit cards to pay your bills from anywhere in the world, that's about the easiest part. If you just show up and then try to figure it out, you will probably discover that you don't have the right documents with you. Some countries have weird requirements. (When I went to live in one EU country not so long ago, I had to bring a recent chest x-ray from the US, then as soon as I got there I had to immediately go and get another chest x-ray.) If you want to stay in Europe long-term, you really need to do the research and plan ahead because it is a complex exercise unless you have an expat job and the employer is going to walk you through the process.   't stay longer than 90 days in Europe if you are from America. I'm curious as to how exactly they measure this, and how anyone would find out? The Schengen Area has physical entry and exit controls (unlike the US that has entry only physical controls). When you leave, your stamps are checked to see if you've overstayed (in most of the Schengen countries anyways -- some slack off in this regard). In some countries and in some circumstances, it is possible to apply for a residence permit after arriving without a long stay visa. Generally though, if you know you want to live in a country, you need to apply for a long stay visa before departing. You give a contact address when you enter. If you give a fraudulent address, your problems only get worse. If you overstay, they eventually catch you all sorts of ways and since you don't mention fleeing something dangerous or having any special circumstances, you will be arrested and deported to your country of origin and likely not allowed to return to the Netherlands for quite some time.   'm curious as to how exactly they measure this, and how anyone would find out? They scan your passport at entry. You can technically stay in Europe indefinitely, until your passport is controlled again (police, border crossing, etc.). If you are over your limit, you will likely be deported and barred from entering for a number of years, at a minimum. I'd try r/legaladviceUK 