 She makes close to $165k, me only $65k. She has about $90k-$100k in debt on her credit cards/auto loans/other debt, I have about $15k. We own 3 homes, one has a tenant, I reside in one in California, she resides in the other in Las Vegas. We have an 18 month old toddler that will stay with her since I work 12hr days (military) and it would just be easier on the baby. My question is should I ask for anything monetary in the seperation? My california mortgage is about $800 more than the military gives me so I was just going to ask the difference from her. Is that too little? Or is that enough considering her debt? If she agrees to keep her debt and I keep mine is that a good offer? Thanks! Thanks for all the advice btw I'm glad to hear getting a lawyer is the best decision.. She asked me ALOT to just work it out with her. Paying $5k to a lawyer to get out of owing her mess of debt is a steal honestly No she isn't that good with finances obviously she just figured NV is a community property state so what's hers is ours.. even the debt.. but I'm hoping that since we separated in August and she paid the taxes in October with the credit card I can at least not be involved in that mess. It wrecked her credit and now she cant even get a SoFi loan to consolidate it all. Is it possible she planned the divorce a while back, so figured if she could straddle you with half of it then it wasn't so bad? Either way, get a lawyer, they'll pay for themselves if you are able to clearly define the debt as being 100% her responsibility.  I like this plan. I can afford the house if I pay a little out of pocket.. Right now I owe more than its worth unless the market changes so I'll wait it out I think. I haven't looked into what custody is about yet but that also sounds good.. Talk to a lawyer about alimony options, but you should at least get her to agree to take on 100% of both her and your debt at a minimum + no child support. If houses were purchased before you got married then I would not fight for that. If purchased after and you played a role in maintaining then you can fight for whatever the law allows or use it as a bargaining chip. Like you agree to 50-50 custody but with a parenting plan for her to watch more often due to your job, no child support in exchange for not fighting for the houses. I would sell your house and get a cheaper house you can afford.  She is just horrible with money, she did all this without my knowledge. Spends every dollar that she makes. Or puts it in a SEP IRA or our babies college 529. So when I called a financial advisor for help and they recommended me taking money from my retirement (penalty free) to fix the mistake I was pretty upset. The last email conversation we had was me asking for help with mortgage payments and her saying "I'd like to talk about debt consolidation."  Holy crap, why would she do that!? The IRS makes payment plans at like 7-8% interest as opposed to the 15%+ she's paying on those cards.  Esp considering her debt was from not paying taxes and then filing an extension and then putting it all on 2 credit cards.. and she hasn't saved any money for her 2018 taxes :/  're in therapy and she was pleading for us to settle on an agreement but it sounds like she is just trying to protect herself. We married in Florida, while we were living in Las Vegas, bought a home in Oklahoma, then Vegas, then Cali, I moved to cali in May while she moved back to Vegas in April while we tried to sort things out. So its been about 6 months that she's been in Vegas and me in Cali now. It's not ideal for me to take the baby while working 12 hour shifts in the military so I'm ok with letting her take custody and I can see her on my long weekends. She told me that we need to file in NV since we paid taxes there last year, so I contacted a good NV lawyer and have a consultation later today. If you care about the money and debt, which it sounds like you do, then you need a lawyer.  [deleted] What state were you living in when married? CA is a community property state, which means all assets/debt are split 50/50. You need to speak to an attorney who can do the math for you on whether to waive support in lieu of her assuming debts. I just plugged in your support numbers really quick (without knowing your rental income, timeshare for the kid, etc) and it told me that she'd pay you around $1,900 a month even after adjusting for child support. Don't trust that number at all, but it is pretty far off of the current offer which should push you to dig into this more. You really need to speak to an attorney ASAP, like yesterday. It may be beneficial for you to file in CA before she files in NV, depending on your situation. They will give you options, educate you on how best to proceed, and help you move forward. Okay I'm all set for a consult today. Will they just tell me how to proceed?  You're going to need a lawyer in order to avoid any of her debt becoming your debt, to split the assets fairly, and get spousal support as well.  Consult with a licensed Family Law attorney before you ask for or agree to anything at all. That is likely a mistake. This is all new so I haven't talked to one yet.. I was reading stuff online and everything says "settle out of court without lawyers" What is a "good offer" is going to depend on your circumstances - length of marriage, total assets, total debts, etc. You can contact a divorce attorney to discuss your options. You're obviously speaking to a lawyer right?