 Sorry, I’m on mobile, but it’s is a really frustrating divorce. My boyfriends ex wife’s is EXTREMELY possessive of the kids. She homeschools them, doesn’t let them sleep over other kids houses, controls what activities they do, and a lot of other things like that. Last year for Christmas she got the kids IPads, which I am totally fine with as it keeps them busy and they also use it for their homeschooling. However, she doesn’t let them do anything without her putting her password in, when when they’re at our house they can’t play any of their games, watch videos, or even download new game. For Christmas this year we decided to get them cellphones for the basic reason that they go out with one of their friends a lot when they are at our house. Its just down the street, but We’d rather have that piece of mind. We informed of the gifts we are buying for the kids for Christmas (so we don’t buy two of the same things) and she lost her shit. She is refusing to let the kids take the cellphones into her house, or let them use them when they are in her house. She wrote a very long winded nasty email to my boyfriend about how she completely disagreed with the idea. Well, why did she buy them iPads? She’s also taking the kids to Disney is January, which if she isn’t letting them use their phones, we won’t be able to talk to them. Her reasoning is that “if you want to talk to the kids, you can call me in my phone”. What do we do. We’ve forwarded the emails from the lawyer, but this is just getting ridiculous.  As long as she is allowing contact this doesn’t sound like a violation. She gets to choose what devices are used in her house.  Your boyfriend, who is party to this, can wait for a response for his lawyer. Once his lawyer advises him what to do, he can move from there. The wording of the decree is vital and your paraphrasing is not sufficient. At the time of the divorce the oldest kids were 9, but it does state in the divorce that (and my paraphrasing from memory) the parent be freely able to contact the children at a reason time, and the other parent is not allowed to block/stop/enable the parent from doing so. Also, the kids have iPads which they use to FaceTime their mom when they are at our house, which we don’t mind, it just seems backwards.  What specifically in the divorce decree is she violating? You don't do a thing. These aren't your kids. This is not your issue. Was it specified in the divorce agreement that the children will be allowed free access to a cellphone?