 Hello, recently I opened a business in state of Michigan. Someone has an existing business in a different state with the same name. The business is the same type of business. We have our name legally registered in the state of Michigan and we had no issues doing so. After about a month of being opened they sent me a letter from there lawyers saying that they have a trademark on there name and that we need to change our name. They only have one small location as do we, and we’re in completely separate states far away from each other. Just wondering if this is something to be concerned about it? there is a lot that goes into trademark infringement. If it's unlikely that this similarity would cause confusion with a customer that would negatively impact their business and they don't have it federally trademarked, you are likely in a good position. Even if they have this name trademarked, I would think it's more likely that they paid a law firm to write this letter rather than actually planing to sue about this. It would be quite costly for them to pay a lawyer to litigate so they would have to see significant value, not only in their name but in preventing you from using it as well. Likewise, it would be costly for you to defend yourself from such a suit... It's also possible (but unlikely unless you were obviously and intentionally trying to infringe on their trademark when you registered your business name) that they could be awarded attorney's fees in a judgement. IANAL so take all of this for what it's worth, but I would think it's worth a small amount of money to consult an attorney about; however, if you want to hold off until you are actually served, it seems unlikely your business could be impacting theirs unless you have some direct competition via internet sales (or something similar) or you damage the name itself. if that's the case, that you aren't impacting their business, you likely have very little actual liability here. If they don't have tangible damages, there is nothing they can win other than maybe barring you from using the name. The real question is, do they actually have a trademark on the name. If you go here and search, can you find it?