 (I'm on mobile and can't read the rules, so I'm restating here that I'm in Georgia) And what happens if you don't have one? In the case of a sudden death I want to leave (almost) all my money and belongings to my roommates, and desperately want none of it to go to my living but completely estranged father and sister. I can't afford to set up an "official" legal will (and don't even know how to, honestly), so I'm afraid that all my stuff will be given to my "kin" or the state, when I need it to go to my roommates, who won't be able to afford rent without me, in the event that I die. I have a written will, but its not like, legally signed or anything, just a google doc. Will the government still take all my stuff and/or give it to my father/sister because that will isn't signed by a lawyer or something? Is there some way I can make my will more enforcible or ensure that my stuff goes to the people I want it to, without having to fork over lots of money to get my will made "official"? Go to your bank and ask to change your beneficiaries on your accounts to your pals. They just need their addresses and phone numbers, I think. Also, your bank may offer free notary service which means that you can have a will made and sign it in front of them and they won't charge you the normal fee. I know in NC you can have a handwritten will but I don't think that's the case in GA but you might be able to print or type one up on your own and have it notarized. It doesn't have to be notarized in GA but it will help speed up probate. There are some funny rules when it comes to probate [when the state gets involved to divvy up your stuff] but there is lot more info if you google "make a will in GA" that should help clear it up [I hope!]. Just make sure someone you trust has a copy of the will and/or they know where to find it. I have a copy at my house with my files and in a safe deposit box in my bank. My SIL [also my executor which it's a good idea to name: someone that will divvy out your stuff to your friends. Someone you trust; it can be someone you've named to receive stuff, too. But someone who is responsible because it's a lot of work and can be super frustrating to deal with death and estate junk] is on file to access this box which she will when I die. Mine is $20 a year for a small one, just fyi. The bank has a key and I have one which my SIL will find [it's super obv it's a SDB key] when it's needed]. Sorry I don't know the rules on doing a will on your own in GA but you are very thoughtful; your friends are very lucky to have you. Also, if you are thinking about hurting yourself [not that you are, this is just in case you are], please PLEASE talk to your friends and tell them how you feel and reach out for therapy services that are low/no cost; having you here is much more important to them than anything you leave behind. Even if you're not at your best right now. Source: my own experience.  Just call the bank and set it up - most banks should have some paperwork you can file. The recipients would need to know where you bank, and then go there with death certificates to claim the accounts. I'm trying to leave them my personal possessions, but more importantly, my money. How do i set up this "transfer-on-death" thing, and do the people I'm going to be transfering to have to do something on their end......? Because I don't think they'll willingly accept my money, even if they need it,,, Let's take a step back. What assets are you trying to pass to them? If you're talking about bank accounts, the best way to do this is not to bother with a will at all, but rather to set up transfer-on-death for those accounts naming your beneficiaries. TOD designations are simple, nearly ironclad, and don't require the involvement of a probate court at all. There's no magic sauce that makes a will ironclad, especially if you're not working with a lawyer. The most important thing is making it as easy as possible for your intended heirs to present and execute the will. This means: Making sure it's marked as having been written by you personally. The best way to do this is to have it notarized. Witnesses help, too. I don't think your witnesses must be non-heirs but it will make the will harder to challenge if you can arrange that. Making sure your intended heirs have a copy of the will and know where to get the notarized version. You may want to see if your local probate court has provision for letting you file the will while living. If you do that, then just make sure your heirs know where they can find it. Making sure your heirs are ready and willing to enforce the will. This is a key point, and you can't arrange it in advance unless you're willing to pre-arrange a lawyer to assist them, which would probably require money. I've already written the will, I just need to know if it can be enforced, or if the government can take my things instead of giving them to the people I want them to go to. Is a "witness" someone who watches you sign/write the will, but isn't named in the will.........? Because if so, that's going to be..... difficult, if I can do it at all. So, what happens if you have a will, but don't have a witness?? Can my things still be given to my roommates, or will the government take them? Public library (or just google it) should have guidebooks for very simple wills. Am assuming here you don’t share ownership of real estate, have minor children or have any business partnerships or other such arrangements. A single paragraph indicating how you want your property divided or disposed of after your should be sufficient. Getting it properly witnessed is actually more important.