 Location is Nebraska. I own my house, but after my divorce I couldn't afford to live there alone, so I've had roommates. After my best friend moved out earlier this year, an acquaintance of mine moved in. Around August she flipped out on me over some dishes in the sink because the sink was clogged. I was struggling with trying to find a plumber I could afford to deal with it, but she wasn't hearing me. She didn't care what I had to do to get it fixed, it wasn't her problem because she paid to live there and deserved not to live in filth (her words). I have screenshots of that conversation. She told me she was moving out as soon as she could find a place, and threatened to withhold the remaining rent for August. I told her she was welcome to seek new housing, but as long as she was going to live in my house, she would be paying her bills. She did pay the remainder of August. As well as September. I didn't receive October's money until the very end of the month, along with a note that she was planning to vacate end of November. That was fine with me because we never recovered from the August issue, although I did get the sink fixed ($800 that I'll be making payments on for a very long time). So the end of November was approaching and I hadn't gotten any money from her. I texted her about it 11/23, she said she was working on it. I texted her again 11/29 and got no answer. 12/1 she said she didn't have my money yet, but she would get paid on Friday (12/7). I said fine. 12/8 she came to retrieve the last of her belongings, but left without paying me. I texted her to ask about it and got no reply. I texted her again yesterday, no reply. I'm worried she's going to ghost me and not pay the $734 she owes me. I didn't have her sign a roommate agreement when she moved in, but I have screenshots of the texts where she said she would pay me. If I take her to small claims court, do I have a shot of getting my money? Thanks. Yes, that proof is pretty solid. Keep all evidence you have of her committing to paying. And if she had items there on 12/8, she could still be considered a tenant any may owe money for December also.