 I was following my boyfriend to a holiday party (we took separate cars). Upon getting on the highway he started driving erratically, switching lanes, speeding, stopping out of no where etc. They blue lighted him and sirened me when I started to pass them. He told them he was trying to lose me, so they let him go and kept me doing some sort of sobriety test I think. The GA state patrol officer informed me I should be going to jail but instead gave me 4 tickets: Speeding 14 miles above, failure to maintain lane, improper turn/lane change and following too closely. I already have 3 points on my license from a previous wreck this year and I am under 21, unless these are all reduced I know my license will get suspended. I am planning on attending a driving school before court, but I still could use any help or advice I could get! I spoke to a lawyer through legal spark and he said my best bet is to get court put off until my 21 birthday in July, get a lawyer or get all of the tickets reduced. It sounds like maybe it was a game/joke, which is horrible, not funny, and could have gotten someone killed, but it's the only thing that makes this make any sense. Or OP is a stalker.  Also, maybe it's a good thing for you to lose your license. Take some time to consider how your behavior could end someone's life.   Something about this story doesn't sit right with me. If he was driving erratically and claimed to be doing so to get away from you, why would you feel compelled to follow suit? If he wasn't actually trying to get away from you, why would he lie about it? I'm pretty sure a judge would come to this same conclusion if you told them this story. There's something missing here. Damn, time to reevaluate your relationship with your boyfriend. Get an attorney and listen to her/him. Good luck. Don't lie to the judge. Reevaluate your relationship with your boyfriend.  No, it wouldn't. You are supposed to maintain a distance between you and the car in front of you so that if they do slam on their brakes, you can safely stop without hitting them. That's why you got a following too closely ticket too.   No it wouldn't, the judge would say that if you needed to swerve to avoid the car in front of you you were either following too closely or not paying attention. You're supposed to maintain enough distance between yourself and the car in front of you to stop if they stop. That's also a lie. Don't lie to a judge, either accept the punishment or show up to court and own up to your mistakes, stop doing things that can get yourself and innocent people killed or using other people's bad behavior as an excuse for your own, and reconsider the people in your life.