 I do not have proof that I know how to access for any of this, I was younger and ignorant at the time. I bought a home in 2007 with a 30year fixed interest VA loan that Country Wide financed for a year or two. I remember the mortgage payment being just over $1500. Then the loan got switched to BOA, and my payment went up to about $1750. I remember calling when that happened and they told me I had not been putting enough in escrow. At the time I just accepted that, until I ran into financial problems. I called BOA several times asking if there was any way they could work with me to reduce the payment which they refused to do. I tried to do a short sell, got an offer for the amount owed that they refused, and chose to foreclose. Now I do not have any VA benefits left, do not qualify for a conventional loan for another 1.5years, and looking back I believe it was because BOA had started charging me for PMI. I have no idea if there is anything I can do about this. A lot of paperwork and assets have been lost over the years in all the moves. Any help on my options at this point would be very appreciated. Did they pull your Certificate of Eligibility? That would be the definitive document in regards to your entitlement. You can get that 3 different ways. A lender can request it, or you can request it using http://www.ebenefits.va.gov/ or you can mail in a request I'd use the ebenefits link to see what your entitlement is first (because ebenefits usually provides an instantaneous decision), and then you can reach out to me with any other questions.  NAL. Get copies of your statements from BOA. Double check what is listed on the statement. Go from there, you need to know for sure what the situation is. Very likely that your payment went up for another reason i. e. Escrow but stranger things have happened. For your current housing need go talk to a local credit union or smaller bank that can do VA or if you are outside of a big city look at USDA Rural Development loans. Additional advice: Keep your purchase price down and try to get a 15 yr mortgage using less than 1/3 of your income. Save up for that down payment One loan officer told me I have a reduced entitlement that is about 100k less than what is need for the area I am in. Another loan officer said I don't qualify for VA anymore.  You should have received an escrow analysis letter, every year. It's possible that taxes and insurance both went up and if there was not enough funds to pay for the prior year the difference would be tacked on to the new estimate.  They'll provide it. It'll be a pain in the butt to get, without a lawyer, but not impossible. I've had to do it for a lot of my clients (loan officer) and you just call the help line, explain what you want, and bounce around until you get to the right person. I don't think it'll help your case though. Also, why can't you get a loan? There's a two year seasoning on the VA foreclosure, and you might have a reduced entitlement, but you should still be able to get another loan. Source: Loan officer Maybe the homestead incorrectly fell off? Maybe your Hazard Insurance jumped? It's going to be very hard to tell without statements  The payments likely increased because of changes to escrow. Either there was an escrow shortage, your insurance went up, your taxes went up, BOA required more of an escrow buffer, or someone made a mistake I dont have any of those statements. I know the taxes didn't increase much during that period though. I did a homestead exemption in like 2009. Yes. Look at the statements you have available, it should break down the escrow. The escrow will be collecting both your hazard insurance and your taxes, both of which can change yearly. Often times what happens is that the taxes and the insurance go up, but you don't add an additional amount to your monthly escrow collection. So when the escrow account disburses it is short. When the escrow account is re-calculated (yearly), you now have to account for the higher taxes and hazard insurance, AND for the short fall for the previous year. It is likely that is the issue, but you cannot be certain without seeing your statements.  Yeah, I do consumer regulation for a living and that kind of thing happens all the fucking time. You can literally go look up on the CFPB database hundreds of cases where a loan had fraudulent PMI added to it and that the bank paid out. This would never lead to the level of pulling the ability to originate VA loans, unless it was a systemic problem.  So since you do this, is there anything I can do to understand why my payments increased? Or pointers on how to get that info. I havent called them...it may jist be that easy, but doubt it. And I'm saying that is absolutely not what happened. BOA isn't going to do that, no one is. They would pull your ability to originate VA loans over something like this. And yes, I do this for a living.  That is what OP is saying. Loan was transferred from bank 1 to bank 2, bank 2 OP believes may have been charging for the PMI (which should not have been charged). And if OP lost their house due to these bank errors, they may be interested in further seeing if there is any recourse available to them There is no PMI on a VA loan.  I just assume that BOA they will not provide me with that documentation now that 6 years have passed. I will try though. You need to locate the loan documentation and figure out whether you were being charged PMI or not. IANAL but I don’t believe even if they were overcharging you that you would be able to get rid of the foreclosure.