 I will try and keep this short and stick to the facts without giving away too much to protect my friend. I'll bold what's important. I realize my Friend needs to do all of this herselfand will have to stand up to him to make progress and protect herself, I want to be an educated and empowering support system while she considers options. My friend has a toddler aged son with a man who is a less than great father, tho not an explicitly bad father, and a very emotionally abusive and manipulative Co parent. This is in Colorado, in the Denver area but not in Denver city limits. Facts: They have no legal custody or child support arrangement, tho she watches the child primarily and pays most of the bills, he pays her a couple hundred in child support monthly. There have been multiple times where he has gone without paying child support, which she has agreed to under distress due to verbal abuse, manipulation and fear that he will refuse parenting responsibility. Yes, she shouldn't have agreed to this- we both know this. She has taken financial and career hits due to him refusing to watch their child during agreed upon times. His excuses vary from being tired, depressed and sick to being upset when he perceived the child as rejecting him or hurting his feelings. He is a mediocre dad, refers to spending time with his son as "babysitting" and really doesn't take responsibility for the actual brunt of parenting. Does the bare minimum. Doesn't help with errands and duties. He didn't take him overnight until he was almost 2. He is not unkind to his son, but he is disrespectful towards my friend in front of their child. He is very belligerent towards my friend. He explodes on her regularly by swearing, insulting, berating and ultimately implying he will not cooperate with child care. He calls her a bad mother and demeans her. I can give examples if needed. We both have screenshots saved of this abuse, so there is evidence. My friend is very kind and patient, I am biased tho I also see her text responses to him. They are often fair, tho emotional. She is not perfect and sometimes snaps with a "what the fuck" sort of comment when he is out of control. He is currently dependant on a drug that is legal in their area, but illegal in Denver - just a few miles away. She has had issues w drugs in the past (less than 6 months of addiction and using) but has been clean for 5+ years--she went to rehab. They both have jobs, she makes more money than him. She has two jobs, however he is only aware of one - this is due to the taboo nature of the job and his behavior but is 100% legal. Goal: I want to help her understand her rights and what legal custody would look like. I want to help her understand her fears and the validity and likelihood of them. I want us both to be educated and aware. I also want her to get to a place where she can afford child care and is less dependant on his schedule, which I think legal custody will help accomplish. Concerns: He has a family financial support system and would be able to hire a better lawyer, she has savings but would have no financial security after hiring a lawyer. We both don't quite understand what full custody looks like, but from what I understand this means she can dictate how his custody works within reason and has ultimate say. We're also not sure what other custody options would be available and effective. She is concerned this will effect her medicaid status, with legal child support payments etc. I don't think they count child support as income though. Listen, she's my best friend. Its just us trying to figure this out alone. There's a lot you can say about how she is handling the situation, she is reacting out of fear and the need to protect her son and make sure her needs are met. I have been a strong and empathetic support system, but have started to become a lot more firm with what I think would best serve her. She is starting to understand just how out of control this situation is. I feel a turning point coming along and with more education, I think we can get her to where she needs to be. TLDR: belligerent and emotionally abusive baby daddy often uses child as leverage. Is mediocre father, difficult to co parent with. Please help me educate and support a loved one in the most effective way with legal understandings. [deleted] Likely a mistake unless he makes minimum wage or she makes like double what he does. If he’s got an extra couple hundred a month right now it seems doubtful the calculator would say he has none. Btw when filling in that calculator don’t put anything in for any values except their incomes and number of children. Those other boxes wouldn’t apply it sounds like in this situation.  If this man is abusive, he could do lots of things to spite her. Take the kid longer than they agree, potentially try to take the kid permanently, stop paying her any support or if he takes the kid even try and ask her for child support, etc. There is NO security in this, there is only a past that has so far been devoid of all these bad things that he could still do.  Higher price does not necessarily mean better. A cheap lawyer can do a good job. Any family law attorney should be fine, and any attorney is better than none. Probably - courts will impute income and require a non-custodial parent to pay something. [deleted] [deleted] You keep describing "security" in a way that is unreasonable and that extends an unsustainable and highly vulnerable situation. Stop. [deleted] He can refuse to care for the child, see the child, etc. The situation you've described is unsustainable and cannot go on. Get an actual agreement in place and enforce it through the courts. A custody agreement can direct custody times. If he fails to pick up the kid without cause he can be held in contempt of the agreement and the agreement can be amended. Child support [is calculated based off a fixed calculation](=/cm:calcPayments.jsp). [This site seems to have a fairly user friendly calculator that will help you estimate child support payments](). There is no legitimate reason to delay filing for child support.  The custody order will set up a schedule, so for example she has the kid most of the time but dad gets the child every second weekend, half of summer break and they swap major holidays like Christmas on a yearly basis. If he refuses to come get the child there is not a lot she can do about it beyond requesting a chnage to the schedule.  I don't really understand the question. Custody arrangements are often agreed upon by the parents. Court ordered mediation can help the parties start with some standard terms. That said, child support should be filed for immediately and there should be no delay. She should immediately file for child support, especially if she's getting welfare/Medicaid. She isn't going to get full custody absent a compelling showing that he's unfit or abusive. She can speak to community legal services to get an idea of the process but obviously needs an actual custody and support order in effect.  In the long run, trying to navigate this without a lawyer is going to cost her far more than the lawyer will cost. This is not something she can do alone, and she the child support payments will really add up over time. She needs to try and borrow money and/or negotiate a payment plan.