 In mid December, a check that was sent as payment was misread by their optical readers and instead of being chased for the face value, they added nearly $20,000 to the amount despite that the amount was properly written out in words. I called them immediately and while it took some time to identify what happened, they admitted fault and said they would reverse the debit in 3-5 business days. That time went by and several calls later, I was still being promised an expedited processing but days turned into weeks. It's now almost the end of the year and that $20k has not been returned to me. This may not seem like a lot of money to some but this is life ruining money for me. My life has been nothing but fear and anxiety. My holidays are completely ruined. Today I got another voicemail responding to mine that they're not sure what happened and that they're looking into it. It's Friday today so I imagine I'm faced with another weekend of anxiety. As far as I know Great Lakes is a third party company that the Dept of Education uses to service their loans. The payments go to the Dept of Education and so I assume they're trying to get this money back from them / The US Treasury. This is however not my problem and it seems fair that this should be handled between them and the Dept of Ed and not drag me through this personal hell. I don't know what else I can do here but air this out here. Im reaching out to the FTC and The Consumer Protection Board but I fear that lodging a complaint wont expedite this nor make up for the month and a half of hell they caused. I cant afford a lawyer to intervene and not sure one would for that amount of money. What are my options? Consumer Protection seems essential to me. I might be wrong though.  This is false. My cousin works in non essential role in accounting department in one of the center of NASA. It's literally vacation time for them. Only essential government employees have to come to the work.   That really is not an excuse. If they cannot be bothered to confirm the signature, then the check should be pending/declined without the confirmation, not approved by default. Someone at OP's bank definitely fucked up as well, this isn't all on Great Lakes' bank. Wasn't its powers and budget scaled back considerably this year? And its name changed as well? Oh, makes sense, bur sounds like a hassle for the bank branches. So if a bank gets 200 checks deposited, all issued from different banks, they have to send scans of the deposited checks each of the 200 issuing bank for verification? It doesn't sound like Great Lake Financial's bank did that with OPs check; or both banks scanners misread, which seems very unlikely unless OP has a glyphic nuance that looks like extra 0s were there Government employees are still required to work during a shutdown. They just don’t get paid. They will eventually get backpay for their uncompensated time (hopefully). Also the shutdown only effects about 25% of government employees as the other 75% of them were budgeted for in previous years. I’m not trying to minimize it, since 25% is still a ton, this is just to say that most government functions are still working.  I would think so. Granted, this wasn’t a fraudulent transaction, it was an error. It could have been reviewed by someone who looked at it and went “well, I can see they received funds for the loan and they’ve been paying this company monthly for months/years. They must’ve just decided to pay the rest all at once!”. The loan company probably receives large payments often enough that the recipient bank probably wouldn’t have noticed anything red-flaggy about it though.  Huh? The check (or, more modernly, an image) gets sent to the issuing bank.. thats how signatures and other details are checked. Your bank doesn't know what's written on the check though, do they? Interesting (and odd to me) that some posters are devolving the OP's bank of full responsibility. OP's bank has a fiduciary responsibility to handle his/her assets as instructed. A check is a legal transaction for a specified sum. The fact that the problem can be tied to modern check processing procedures should not be OP's problem. An erroneous amount was processed, and the action could be fraudulent. OP's bank should return the missing $ and then pursue the other parties. The bank obviously has much more leverage to do so. ETA: Perhaps this shows the value of never keeping too much $ in a checking account, or making sure that your bank will never transfer a large sum like $20,000 from your other holdings to your checking account to pay off a large check without specific authorization from holder of the accounts. Isn't a check of this size something that should raise red flags at the bank? If you still haven’t gotten anywhere by the time the govt shutdown ends, I would highly suggest reaching out to your local US House representative’s district office. They normally have several caseworkers in each office who are able to throw their weight around. Good luck!  Depending on the situation they could be fully liable. And they should receive a copy of the check from the check clearing system it would have been processed through unless it was processed as an electronic check. In that case OP’s bank could request a copy of the original check from the loan providers bank. That original check probably isn’t reviewed by an actual person unless the customer has filed a dispute though. The process is largely automated in order to make funds available more quickly to the recipient. Will they just give money to anyone? Pretty much, yes. If you write a check it’s not like someone calls to confirm it was authorized. The expectation is that you keep your account number/PIN secure. If somebody is writing unauthorized checks from your account they have to have gotten ahold of your account information somehow. People steal check books or account information all the time and write fraudulent checks. Unless you tell the bank your account was compromised there’s not much the bank can do to prevent someone from trying to use it. That being said, most banks do try to detect fraud before it happens and alert their customers if they think a transaction looks sketchy for that customer.  If John Smith deposits a check, his own bank uses the account and routing number that was provided on the check to credit Johns account. It then must go through a check clearing system which would then debit the funds from the original owner of the funds bank account, right? But this is a largely automated process. There’s not a human from the originating bank physically checking that very single check written by their customers is posting for the correct amount/to the right person/authorized/whatever. That’s why dispute departments in banks exist. I used to deal with a lot of e-checks for my job and the number of times I’d see ‘merchant’ banks debiting the wrong account entirely was astounding.  The bank the funds came from should also be at least partially liable shouldn't it? Does it just give money to whoever asks without checking that it was an authorized check? Don't they ask the other bank for a copy of the check for their records? That's wrong. Your bank should give you a provisional credit until this is sorted out. I'm not sure how to force them to do this, but r/personalfinance can tell you more.  What ??? When you write a check for $100 to "John Smith" and John deposits the check into his bank account, who do you think it is that debits your bank account and sends the $100 to John's bank? It is your bank, just as the OP's bank sent the incorrect amount to the lender's bank (if the transaction was a check). If the transaction was an EFT, the OP will need to sign an affidavit stating the amount he authorized, and if the lender wants to dispute the correct amount, they can present their own evidence.  But they’re not responsible upfront for making sure the check cleared for the correct amount it was written for. And they also don’t HAVE to give the customer money just because a claim was filed. There’s many reasons claims get denied, even on disputes where Reg E or UCC should in theory cover it. Also, part of the customers bank researching and correcting it could include the affidavit I mentioned that they would send to the ‘merchant bank’ to try and recover funds. I think the biggest thing is that people don’t realize there’s a process to moving money. The bank doesn’t just have the customers money sitting around and can’t produce money out of thin air. People seem to think calling a bank will instantly recover their money and while sometimes banks will issue credits, there’s typically a lot more to the process of recovering funds.  This is incorrect. The OP has no relationship with the lender's bank in relation to this transaction. It is the OPs bank's responsibility to research and correct the problem upon written notification from the OP under either [Reg E]() or the UCC, depending on how the transaction was processed.  You need to contact your bank immidiately to dispute the transaction, specifically the amount of the transaction. It sounds like your check might have been converted into an ACH debit, and if this is the case, [Reg E]() will apply to your situation, and in short, your bank will have 45 days to correct the problem from the date you give written notification of the error.  They might not be able to take it back. But that's their problem not yours. Call them again and read them what's quoted above. If you don't get your money back there's a link to tile ancomplant. Your bank needs to give you your money back. They should not be honoring fraudulent check like that. Your bank can absolutely get the money back and will want to since they screwed up. Ask to speak to the fraud department. Also, see if you can download a picture of the check. Also report it to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Your banks needs to get the money back since it was their screw-up, you don't have be doing anything but demanding the bank put the money back in your account.  They are only allowed to take what’s written on the check. That’s why they are the ones liable for the issue, not the bank the funds came from. That is correct. Of course there are circumstances where they might be liable under Regulation E or Z, but the recipient of the funds’ bank is responsible for processing the transaction. If there was an error in processing a transaction, it is the fault of the recipients bank, they are liable. OP’s bank only sees the transaction in the context of how it was entered for processing by the other bank. That being said, the process is different for different types of transactions. For card transactions banks can/will usually at least attempt a chargeback, but those can take upwards of a month to get resolution from. In my experience, often we’d have to ‘deny’ a claim on the front end, but we would still attempt the chargeback on the back end and reimburse the customer if we could recover funds from the merchant. E-checks and paper checks are an entirely different process as are wire transfers, automatic bill pay transactions, and ATM transactions. I have a limited knowledge of paper check processing, but from my understanding one bank has to send a signed/notarized affidavit from OP to another bank explaining it was an error. From there the ‘merchant’ bank has to figure it out, and if the claim is approved they would be the ones to reverse the transaction. For e-checks a signed letter is necessary, but not always a notarized one. Every case is extremely circumstantial and if OP doesn’t have a particularly good bank they will find ANY excuse possible to deny a claim to shift liability for those funds away from them. I’m sorry if none of my explanations make sense, maybe someone with a little more experience could explain better.  .. but probably shut down for the moment, no? That was a typo. A lot of emotions were rolling through my fingers when I wrote all this. The right one is Mid November - I made the edit. Everything else (it almost being 1.5 months) is accurate. So far I've been trying to resolve this by doing as you said - by staying on them. I don't have a lawyer I can use for this without first searching for one. If I cant get anything moved along by Monday or Tuesday from either Great Lakes or my bank I will likely start pursue a lawyer though that would involve having to get Great Lakes to reimburse me for legal fees which is another extra layer of stress. I’m also confused by this. By writing any check to anyone, they are therefore allowed to take as much money as they want, and my bank has no responsibility to stop it? That doesn’t seem right. Especially since I dealt with a bounced check recently that I deposited (was missing a second signature and the issuing bank refused to honor it). I ran in to this with Nelnet. Not legal advice, just what worked for me. OP, this is all correct. I did not need to sue, but I did contact the Ombudsman group. Nelnet autodebited me without warning, and autodebited an amount that differed from what I had been notified was my monthly payment. They cleared out my bank account (I leave what I need for autodebit bills in my checking), and left me with nearly nothing in my checking. Nelnet said it would take up to six weeks to resolve, and I told them to fuck off. I went through my bank instead, and my bank was able to block the pending transaction and help me until the money was returned to my account. I know they already told you there's nothing they can do, but a monetary sum was released for an amount not written on the check; keep escalating with the bank, and talk to the bank manager if you have to. Don't take no for an answer. OP, this sucks, and I wish you the best. That would be the loan company’s bank, not their own. The loan company’s bank processed a transaction erroneously. Unless a stop payment was placed at OPs bank before the transaction happened (and obviously OP wouldn’t have known about the error until it already posted) there is nothing they could have done to stop it from occurring. OP could probably figure out who the loan company’s bank is via their own bank, and try contacting them and filing a dispute.  You too! Thank YOU for being gentle with me. I wasn't paying attention when someone pinged me to see this post and just assumed it was the other sub. Happy Holidays Biondina! OP, I’m a little confused because you said ‘in mid December’ was when the error occurred, but in your post it says ‘1.5 months’. If the error was in fact read in mid December, I would say that the holidays were likely a factor in this taking longer than normal. I have Great Lakes as my loan service too - I know the people tend to generally be less than helpful when it comes to problems beyond basic how to pay and when to pay, but they mean well. I also completely can empathize with the stress of having that large of a sum of money taken out of your bank account (when this is all over, I might even switch banks). As others have said, continue to keep your cool and use legal action as a LAST RESORT. - clear a day to stay on the phone and deal with this. They already admitted to the error (btw do you have this in writing?). Continue to call them every day if you have to, take down peoples names (first and last), ask if they have identification/employee numbers, wait on hold, escalate to managers, escalate to their managers as needed. Make sure they know your name and your issue. They will almost certainly make this right.   -ups in the company. If they have a compliance department they should be engaged as well.  Thanks. Restored.  Shoot - I'm so sorry - thought i was in /r/studentloans. Fixing immediately. You've been warned about soliciting PMs in this sub. Remove that portion of your comment and please don't make the request again.  OP I can help. I have very good contacts at both GL and their new owner - Nelnet. You can reach me here or in the /r/studentloans sub. You can check my credentials in my reddit post history (ignore the cat stuff). I run a non-profit that offers free student loan counseling and dispute resolution to all consumers. you can also email the mods in /r/studentloans to verify EDITED to remove PM request - I thought I was in the /r/studentloans sub. My apologies. I was rightly corrected by the mods Holy cow - yes I can help with this. I'll respond to OP directly. I’m not a lawyer, but I used to manage a bank. It sounds like a bank error. Go to your bank and file a claim. The amount written out on the check is the legal amount, not the amount in numbers. A simple claim should do the trick. If for some reason you don’t get anywhere with your bank, find out which bank received the funds on behalf of Great Lakes and bring it to their attention to see if they can help. /u/betsy514, any thoughts? The CFPB is useless in its current configuration. Contact Rohit Chopra at the FTC; he’s on Twitter at @ChopraFTC. He doesn’t take DMs but he is the guy whose attention you need. I assume there is some official channel to him also.  In addition to escalating at your bank and at Great Lakes, contact the department of education ombudsman's office and the consumer financial protection bureau. They may or may not be shut down right now but they have the power to crack a whip and make Great Lakes behave. /r/studentloans has a ton of folks in the industry who may also have further useful advice. You also can get a copy of the check image from the bank. Show the manager the issue with that copy. The written amount is the legal amount, the numerical one is just for ease of scanning. Your bank took the check, it's not the branch manager's fault so don't be a dick, but definitely get them involved and dispute it. They took the wrong amount and cleared the check, not ok. Oh yea, very effective. $20,000 is a lot of money for most of us to have stolen from us, so you're not alone in your thinking dude. Between your bank and Great Lakes, enough escalation should manage to get it resolved. does that still exist? is it effective any more?  Your bank honored a check you did not approve. They have nothing showing you approved that amount to be withdrawn. Escalate. Talk to a branch manager and ask them to show you where you approved this withdrawl. File a complaint with the regulatory agency that oversees your bank.  Stop calling and get down there, people waste so much time over the phone, $20k requires an in person meeting and you do not leave until the situation has been fixed to your liking. Stop being so timid. The check was read by Great Lakes incorrectly and the request for the incorrect amount was electronic. Great Lakes has the money and the bank says that they have no power to take it back. I don’t know what makes the situation unique but they say they have no power.  I disagree with the recommendations about escalating internally. You will be lost in the shuffle. You have already tried reaching out and been ignored. The CEO has too many people trying to DIY and reaching out to him directly, and you will likely be ignored/overlooked as well. Instead, you should hire an attorney and prepare to sue Great Lakes. It will cost you less than $1,000 for a competent attorney to write a nasty demand letter, which is the first step on the path to litigation. You have your bank records and an image of the check. It should be easy to prove that they took far more than the check value and have refused to return it. There are many state and federal torts and laws that Great Lakes appears to have committed/violated here. While litigation and the threat of litigation for a marginal case would, as someone else pointed out, ensnare you in long term litigation, the clearness of the wrongdoing here would probably result in a quick resolution by Great Lakes. Your attorney can advise you on the chances for recovering your attorneys fees, but for this amount of money you need professional legal help.  Just because your bank says it isn't there problem doesn't make that a true fact. Your bank would have been involved in the transaction as would the bank that services Great Lakes. A complaint to the FDIC about both of the banks can light the fire under their asses to solve the problem fast.  $300, but the bank posted it as $3,000. The bank told me to get the money from the other party. Is this correct? ; if a check was altered, you may have up to one year to assert one alteration. Generally, for multiple alterations, national banks require you to notify them of any error(s) within 30 days after you receive the statement. 's specific time requirement. Review that agreement, then contact the bank directly regarding any alleged error.  Did you call your bank or walk into a branch and ask to speak to the highest person there?  Contact the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  I should have mentioned this in the body of my post. They said they cant help. My bank said that they cannot reverse this from day one and that the party that took the money has to give it back. They can't pull it back for me. They immediately washed their hands of this. This should have been your first action.  Go to your bank and ask for help. 