 Evening. Per rules We live in Las Vegas, Nevada My apartment has a MASSIVE roach problem, and my girlfriend and I are just exhausted from it. Everytime we find roaches (German ones) we let the complex know and they have someone come spray. However it seems the problem just gets worse and worse. We've already had them spray 3x before they had us do a "complete clean" where we had to remove everything from our pantry, cabinets, cubboards, pull the stove and fridge out, and pull everything away from the walls. The person who's sprays is super nice, very professional, and always listens and asks where we see them. We have to leave when he does spray because we have a newborn and our pediatrian recommends us be out of the house for 4 hours after they spray. We also have a cat but he's locked in our computer room when the sprays happen. When we first moved in the people below our apartment were evicted. The police had to come and we heard them loudly exclaim how bad a roach problem they had down there. Nobody has lived in the apartment since then, and they have done basically 0 work on it as my girlfriend is a SAHM (Stay At Home Mom) and has never heard anyone go into that apartment. The apartment below us but to the left flooded shortly after we moved in due to a broken pipe and they people who were there moved out, it took them 4 months AFTER the flooding to remodel it, and then rent it again which the new tenets were only there 3 days before they moved out because "its disgusting" the apartment to the right of us has also moved out due to similar complaints. I don't know how many people live in the back of our apartment (it's set up like a rectangle with 4 apartments on two sides, the common layout) I've seen the blueprints shown by the staff after the 2nd complain, and know there is a "fire wall" that divides the apartments so in the event of a fire damage is limited, but we honestly believe the roaches are in the baseboards, walls, and breeding insanely in the two apartments below ours. When our apartment asked us to do the "complete clean" they stated they would have every unit sprayed in the building, however the bug person asked us to schedule a 2nd appointment a week later due to not being able to spray and bait in the same week, yet when I explained to the property managers what he asked, they didn't understand and we never saw/heard the exterminator enter any other apartment meaning they didn't schedule him correctly. Now the roaches are back and even in greater numbers. The entire time we've been dealing with this issue we've also put down diamacous earth and boric acid to help, which does work but not enough. Has anyone broken their lease due to an issue like this? Or had the land lord break their lease? What happens? We've had this issue since we moved in and are still dealing with it. It has gotten to the point where it HAS to be a health code violation.