 Greetings! Background info on case: My neighbor is a condo association here in FL which I am suing in small claims court for rent. The condominium next door is under construction (for a seemingly endless period of time) and they deactivated their rooftop AC unit, so they installed a temporary unit right outside of my balcony. The AC unit is on 24/7 and sounds like an aircraft jet engine about to takeoff. I complained to my building association and was told it would only be there 2 more weeks. That was over 3 months ago. I filed a claim in small claims for rent. I am unable to sleep at night due to the noise, my balcony is essentially unusable due to the noise, and I needed to move my home office due to the noise as well. The judge refused to dismiss the case at the request of the defense. They have a law firm working for them and I am representing myself, so it is a David vs Goliath situation. My question is, can my case hold up in court? Will the defense be inclined to settle rather than go to trial? Any advice from a legal professional or a civilian who has had a similar experience would be greatly appreciated. 👏 If you're not going to work with a lawyer, you need to bring as complete a case as possible. Have you done sound-level measurements? I am not a lawyer but it wouldn't hurt to look up noise ordances in the city you live. I am not sure if the courts would be bound by your tenant association rules but you would have a better chance with the local noise ordances. When you find what are the permissable noise decibal level is for both day and night you can app on your phone to check if it is going above those levels. This don't be official but will give you something to work with. If it is above the acceptable not level measured in decibals then you can contact the building department in your city and ask them to inspect. Check online also make sure they filed their construction permits properly. If you make hard enough for them maybe they work out a deal and move the unit to a better location  My only advice would be make sure you have lots of proof. Record yourself in your home so you can also hear the noise, record it at night...record it from your balcony...make sure you provide proof that you reached out to the condo association, and show that it’s been months not two weeks. You obviously have a case, the noise is bothering you enough that you can’t function normally in your OWN home. Stay calm, make sure you have your argument laid out and prepared - don’t wing it. Lastly, with the monetary amount, you need to have a solid reason for seeking rent money, at the specific amount you’ve asked for - does the noise “force” you to go out? give you headaches? prevent you from having family over? can’t get work done? needs to be a sound reason other than just pissing you off. good luck, condo life can be rough, so i feel you!  It is at least conceivable you could prevail in some kind of claim for damages if a neighbor violated a noise ordinance or otherwise engaged in actionable conduct. You would need to state a reasonable claim upon which such relief could be granted. It doesn’t sound generally like you have done so. Now might be a good time to consult an a attorney.  Nobody can tell you whether you will win your case. You should speak to a lawyer.