 I made a service request stating that the roof over the open porch was and has been leaking all year. If you go on the roof there is a about a 2x2 soft spot that looks like its ready to cave in any time. At one point my roommates foot fell through it which made the hole bigger. The repair guys (who I doubt are certified roofers) finally came to fix the roof. It probably took 3-4 hours to fix but whenever I checked on his status, he kept cutting more and more portions of the roof out realizing that basically the whole roof is dry rotted. All in all he probably cut out 4x8 worth of the roof and replaced it with plywood and shingled it but looks like he ran out of shingles as the very last part is missing a row. Also the bottom portion of our roof was never fixed even though they're trying to charge us for the repair. There are also hundreds of rusty roofing nails all over the roof that have been making their way down to the sidewalk we use. About a month or so later we received a bill for the roof at a total $557.50 then a day later it got revised down to $517.50 with no expense list except one stating "Repair Damaged Roof". I have no clue where they got this number from and why they think they can charge us considering the roof has been leaking all year (and we didn't make a report to fix it until after the foot went through) and that a massive part of the roof was "fixed" that we clearly didn't damage (along with the bottom half of the roof not being repaired). In the lease agreement it's stated that one of the landlords duties is to make repairs and a habitable safe environment. If anyone has any idea how to deal with such a thing please let me know, I just have a hard time paying for a roof that has been in neglect for years before us moving in and then having to front the bill.  Would the cost be mitigated by the fact that the roof was already in bad repair and full of dry rot, which the landlord would inevitably have to address soon, with or without them? You have a duty to report damage and you admit you didn't. You have a duty not to play on the roof which you admit your roommate did. Sounds like he owes for falling through the roof where he shouldn't have been. First and second bullet is correct, I never actually talked to the contractor he just came up on the roof and started cutting out pieces and looked out the window every 30 minutes or so to see how much he was replacing. We have no relationship with the landlord, the house is owned by a large real estate company that owns houses all over the city.  If you didn’t repair the roof being damaged before the foot went through then the landlord could convince a judge that your damage caused the other damage. Can you confirm that I got this right? - Roof was only reported after one of your feet went through it - the roof doesn’t serve a dual purpose as a deck or something - you greeted the contractor and acted to oversee the operation What is your relationship with the landlord? I only ask because based on your actions, I’d guess that you knew them before renting. If it is a family member there are different requirements in some areas.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.