 Just moved to South Dakota from Colorado and got DUI. Cops awoken me while i was parked in a parking lot sleeping (not sure if car was running or not as I have key-less ignition). Pretty sure I was over 0.15 (they took blood test). History: got a DUI more than 10 years ago in a different state, no other criminal history. On the bail paper they wrote DUI (1st) so I'm guessing the 10 year rule makes this a 1st time offense? I don't think I can fight it or get a lesser sentence due to the high BAC. I doubt i'll spend the money on a DUI lawyer. They didn't take my license since it was a CO license. So.. I'm not sure how to handle this. I guess I will call the CO DMV and request a hearing (hopefully I can get the hearing over the phone). Then I can get the police report sent to me I'm guessing? This will help me decide if it's worth hiring a lawyer. What should I do at my first court appearing? Plead not-guilty to buy me some time? Will they tell me what charges I'm facing? (e.g.: aggravated DUI, potential jail time? ) Will they tell me what I need to do (e.g. Substance abuse evaluation, DUI class). If so, should I sign up for those / get the evaluation done before the next court appearance? Will that help me? Or should I just plead no contest on the first court appearance? How does it work when my license is from CO? Do I have to settle anything with them? Do I just wait till I'm eligible for a new license in SD to get a new one? I know in CO the suspension is automatically 9 months. But SD it is less. Any advice is appreciated. I only say so because I know of a specific case where this was used as a legal defense OP, don't plead guilty unless you are prepared to be convicted and get the harshest punishment allowed. Get a lawyer. This is terrible advice. [deleted] If you weren’t driving and were just parked when the police arrived there’s grounds to fight this. You should see a lawyer. Just plead guilty at arraignment or no contest tell the judge you are sorry and he will go easier on you.  You need a lawyer regardless of the eventual disposition of your DUI case. Each state has different procedures regarding DUI's and the administrative suspension of your license. Getting a lawyer will help you navigate through those procedures to lessen the impact of your arrest. Properly knowing how to navigate through the procedure can be the difference between only being able to not drive for a few days and having your license suspended for years. That is a big difference in earning potential when you have to drive for work. Go talk to a lawyer.  I would highly advise with as many questions you posted to seek out a DUI lawyer and not try to handle on your own. 