 I'll skip the sad back story and get to the point. As of this past week I took a plea deal and was convicted of a felony. Part of my plea deal specifically states that I can see my child (with supervision). The protective order will also be modified in about a week to allow the same. My probation officer is saying that despite that, he's not allowing me to see them for the entirety of my probation, going directly against one of my plea deal terms. Can he do this? If not, what should I do? He's also trying to prohibit all contact between my wife and I (we're not together anymore but still legally married). We're best friends and each other's support system. We also help each other financially. Neither of us want to break contact and I don't understand why he's trying to stop us from talking. Any advice? (other than not making the mistakes that got me here to begin with). 1) You’re very welcome. 2) It’s unusual to do so, to say the least, but if he has a legitimate reason why, then typically yes. I don’t know your history but if the two of you have ever committed crimes together, used drugs together, been abusive towards one another, or if your spouse is still engaged in illegal activity then yes your PO could ban you from contact because those things could lend themselves to a violation of your conditions. You mention a protection order so I assume one of those things has happened in the past. It’s very rare that we (if you haven’t figured out, I’m a PO ha) just flat out ban contact with someone, especially a lawful spouse, but I’ve done it before. It’s always been in a case where the relationship is toxic and continued contact will absolutely result in a serious violation. I don’t take the decision lightly, especially if there are children involved. Sometimes the people involved are too close to the situation to realize that it’s healthier for them to get out.  This is more helpful than I ever imagined any response would be. Thank you so much. One last thing. Everybody has hit on the first question but not the second. Can he prohibit all contact for two years with my legal spouse? Our plea agreements will actually say whether or not they are binding on the court somewhere in the language. These are federal pleas though, so I’m sure the state court ones look differently. There would still need to be some language or authority cited in there somewhere to distinguish. About angering your PO: I admit, I have been a little shocked in the past with peoples’ stories of POs targeting in on people for petty shit, but I know it must happen. My experience has been that the federal system is a bit more professional. This wouldn’t bother me in the slightest, or if it did I damn sure wouldn’t go out of my way to target a defendant because that would have serious repercussions for my employment. We just don’t get away with that shit. If you think there’s a real chance you will face backlash I would first attempt to sit down and have a civil conversation about the matter with your PO. Explain that you’re not trying to go over his head, but that you just want some clarification from the court since it was your understanding that the Judge intended for you to have visitation with supervision. In all things remain polite and professional. Don’t give him a reason. If he is still unreasonable then you’ll have to choose which route you want to go. If you petition the court, just make damn sure all your ducks are in a row. Don’t slip up, don’t miss a UA, don’t miss a meeting. He can’t violate you if you follow the rules. If things get super tense you can always request to speak to his supervisor and ask for another PO. Often times we would accommodate requests such as that when possible because we understand that sometimes people just clash. It’s largely going to be a judgement call on your part as you are far more familiar with your particular PO and their office culture than I am. But don’t be afraid to advocate for yourself if you’re following all the rules. It’s okay to ask for things if you do it in an appropriate manner.   not advise breaking your protection order or defying your PO’s direction. These are quick paths back to lock up. Absolutely. Not taking any risks. If you'll forgive my ignorance, how can I tell if the terms are binding? It was a list of terms. One was my sentence (suspended), one way probation, another among them was visitation with my child under supervision. Once I find out if they're binding, you've given me enough to at least get started in the right direction. Thank you. And lastly: Will this not anger my probation officer and risk him being "out to get me"?  The best answer for you is very technical and we won’t have enough information to give that to you. First, was your plea agreement binding on the court? Or no? If it was then the court is required to follow the terms of your agreement. If not then the probation officer is only required to follow the order of the court. In my district, 99% of plea agreements are not binding. As a PO, I do not have to follow their recommendations at all. I do have to follow every order of the court so if the judge says you are to have visitation with your child, then I couldn’t override that no matter how much I disagreed. Read over your conditions of probation to see what they say about this issue exactly. If they don’t address it or leave the discretion up to your officer, then your best bet will be to motion the court for a modification to your conditions that clarify your visitation. You can do this pro se on your own or call the public defenders office and see if they can help you. You are correct that they likely no longer represent you but they may still give you advice and/or point you to a legal aid that can. Alternately, you can petition the court again for representation and have them appointed to your case a second time. Until this is all sorted out, I would not advise breaking your protection order or defying your PO’s direction. These are quick paths back to lock up.  Even if he isn’t legally obligated to represent you, he may be willing to give advice on who to talk to about this.  As he was a court appointed attorney I'm assuming he no longer represents me since the case is done? In order to answer that question, folks would need to see the full plea deal, sentencing order, and transcript of what your probation officer said. Have you asked your lawyer or public defender for advice yet? 