 My landlord sent me a lease renewal letter and I did not sign it as to become a ‘month to month’ tenant. She claims that she just “rolled over the previous years lease and is claiming I have to pay an additional months rent for breaking the lease. There’s a neighbor that has been committing crimes of harassment and vandalism against me (she’s mentally ill) and as I understand this violates the quiet enjoyment clause under PA law. I am now moving and will be gone in a week or so. In the first week of January. She’s claiming I have to pay February’s rent as well because I’m breaking the lease and is threatening to take me to court. From my own research and understanding of PA law I am A) a month to month tenant and can leave whenever as long as 30 days notice was given. B) able to break the lease due to several violations including the quiet enjoyment clause and entering the premises without notice or emergency when I am not home. She is also demanding my new address which I find unreasonable. Does she have a case against me or am I pretty well covered? Automatic means just that, automatic workout any further action on anyone's part. Also, asking for your new address is standard. How else will they be able to send you your deposit (which is for damages, not rent) or charge you for damages if you refuse to pay rent?  Yes but get it in writting  The "right of quiet enjoyment" is about you having the right to use the premises you are renting as long as you do so without being disruptive. Unless your mentally ill neighbor is your landlord, your remedy against her is to call the police about her harassment and vandalism, and/or to sue her for damages. You mention the landlord entering without notice and in non-emergency situations. That can be considered infringing on your right to quiet enjoyment, but even then you don't necessarily have the right to break the lease over it, nor do you necessarily have a claim for damages against your landlord. That's not necessarily correct. The common understanding of "month to month tenancy" means that the tenant can leave with 30 days notice. But if you have a signed lease that has since expired, it is the authoritative source for what happens after the lease term expires. If it says nothing about it, you would be a month to month tenant and your understanding would be correct. But it would be entirely legal if the original lease specified that you had to give 60 day notice to terminate, for instance. You don't have to give her your new address, I suppose, but it's not like it would be at all difficult for her to find your address later on. And if you don't give her your new address you would forfeit certain remedies against her if (say) she doesn't return all / enough of your security deposit.  [deleted] If it's in the original lease, then you already did sign to it. Usually the leases roll over in to a month to month rate if you dont give notice or renew. A auto renewal would not if the lease states that if not given notice the lease will renew automatically. You need the lease. The security deposit is not meant to pay for rent. You owe January's rent.  If you give your 30 day notice now, you are liable for January's lease. EDIT: Unless the original lease specifies something else. Does the expired lease say anything about automatic renewal if notice is not given a time before it terminated? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.