 To put in into simplest of terms, I caused a 2 car collison including myself and another car. I was headed down a highway with 4 vehicles ahead of me, going 55 mph as usual. The truck in front of us all had to make a right turn; subsequently everyone behind them slows down. I was given a ticket for driving to fast for conditions/failure to yeild to avoid an accident after attempting to avoid hitting the vehicle in front of me by swerving left, colliding my right headlight with their left tail light. My car spun a bunch and was totalled. Hers was fixed and totalled to around $13,500 including the deductable. I also recieved another ticket for not having my current insurance card on me at the time but was told if I take proof of insurance at the time of the accident to court with me, they might be able to waive the ticket. As soon as the accident happened I reported it to my insurance company - they sent me forms to fill out and I faxed them over. They requested another form that was missing and so I faxed that one over. Besides communicaing ta few times through mail at the beginning of this process, I have had minimal to no luck even contacting the correct people I need to contact. I expect to be on hold for call centers - it is common and I don't mind. But I am always put on hold to talk to an initial claims person for 10 minutes before the line hangs up. This occurs 9/10 times I call. However, when I do finally speak to an individual, they seem to only be a part of the call center and transfer my call to "someone that can help me" - which the phone call goes to voicemail . I have left voicemails, called consistently - and the single time that I did get through to someone - they said I needed to fill out one more paper. And transfered me to someone whose phone was busy. I have been to traffic court 2 times - they gave me an extension the first time due to my insurance company not cooperating with the other parties insurance company. By this point I have contacted the other parties insurance company to discuss payments on the $13,500. I want to pay this money back. But the thing is, I would have to make payments in order to fulfill the pay-off. The second time I went to court the State's Attorney informed me that the deductible has not been paid my insurance company despite my efforts to do anything they needed to complete this process and move forward with the payments. The Attorney I spoke with told me that even though I had insurance on my vehicle that day, it does not matter because my insurance company has not paid the deductable. So they want to fine me almost $1000 for not having insurance that day PLUS pay the money for the deductable.. I do understand the reasoning behind the fine. It just sucks so badly because I paid my insuracne every month to make sure I WOULDN'T get fined... and here I am. It is almost like I was paying hundreds of dollars a month for absolutely no reason, because it looks like I am getting a fine anyway. A nice couple at the courthouse mentioned non-profit legal services were available near my area and I intend to look for gauidance their immediately, but my time is quickly dwindling considering my insuance company is not going to continue my insurance policy and drop me after the 31st of this month (9 days). I am currently using my fiancé's vehicle to commute to work which is insured. I am just at a loss right now and was wondering if anyone could help with some legal advice regarding all of this. What can I do in regards to avoiding this fine due to the deductable not being paid by insurance company. I am willing to pay the amount of the damages and even the amount of the deductable. I just don't understand how I can be fined for not having insurance when I do and have had it for the past 6 months. The State's Attorney was very angry with me for not having the ductable paid...and told me there is nothing he can do and that I should just be more stern with my insurance company. I can't be more stern to someone who I can't get in contact with. I just don't know where else to look to for legal advice and all help and advice is so greatly appreciated. 