 The simple answer I guess would be to call the police but I don't want anyone to know it was me. I work at a small hole in the wall pub. Basically everyone who goes to this bar is a regular and they're all mostly cool people. But everyone does cocaine now and it's crazy, it never used to be this bad. There's two guys who sell and it's pretty well known they can get you stuff. They come to the bar literally every night and just sit there and sell blow, don't even try to hide that they are doing it. Its pretty much in plain sight. The owners and other bartenders don't want to do anything about it because these guys are regulars and also bc I'm pretty sure they're buying blow from them too. Fights break out all the time, it never used to be like this. Everyone is always just so rowdy and crazy, I miss my old bar. I've been wanting to report it for a while but I'm paranoid someone would find out it was me. I know I would be fired if anyone found out and I make great money there so I don't want that to happen. Also afraid of other retaliation from these guys. I just want these people not to be geeked out every day. What would be my best course of action? tl;dr - is there any way to tip off police without anyone ever finding out it was me? Cop here: People will do and say anything to save their own ass including lying about who sold, provide, used their drugs with. GTFO. A place like that everyone goes down (at first at least) then you have to fight the G and prove you're just a shmo serving drinks.  I'm here lurking seeking advice. So let me dish some out.Economy is good. People need good bartenders. Your in Florida. Go apply at a major upper class hotel chain. call HR lady they usually have a day and time when they want you to come in. Working in a Hotel is good some chains give you free rooms at any of their properties. And its better when your already have a job. Go Apply. Now! Pro Revenge you say?.....read on. []() this will be spicy. If what your saying is true. They won't take long. []() Florida has 2 divisions north and south. pick one and wait for these fine Americans to ruin the owner of that bar. Also local sheriff drug task force just to make sure your covered. good luck with job hunt.  First of all, letting people sell drugs in the bar is likely an issue with your personal serving license so expect penalty there. On top of that, you know it's happening, and its happening on your shifts when you're working the bar. Everyone will tell the police that you knew and allowed it, because from any reasonable perspective that is what is happening. You also specifically stated that this is IN THE BAR, not outside. Not that you'll be totally in the clear if they take it there.  I have a feeling you'll regret not getting out asap when you don't have that same choice from jail.  Call from a pay phone or other number that isn't associated with you. Your options are what they are. The solution here via the legal system is to report it to the police. Anonymous means that it may be less likely to be acted upon or take longer to do. You could also just find a new job.  't want to do anything about it. So... not your bar then. The police are more than happy to take anonymous tips. Your area probably has a crime stoppers or similar program/number for receiving those tips, or you can contact your local police directly by phone (someone else's phone or a payphone if you can find one if you really don't want to be traced). Aren't you afraid you're going to get roped into the slew of inevitable criminal charges when your bar gets busted? Stop working there immediately. There are other bars.  You can make an anonymous report to the police by calling them, reporting the activity, and refusing to identify yourself. Whether or not your refusal to identify yourself makes them take the report more or less seriously is up to them.