 My parents want to gift me a house in GA that they bought a couple years ago. It's fully paid off. I'm a twenty-something that has only rented previously, so I have no idea what this means for me. Do I need a lawyer separate from my parents? Do I need a lawyer at all? Are there tax implications? I would like to get some idea on steps to take before moving forward. Thank you for any help/direction. Nope, it’s a smallish starter home :) Thank you!  Sounds good, thanks for the insight!  Probably not, unless they're running up against the unified credit amount. They do have a filing obligation, but there's no real consequence if they don't file unless they've used their $20MM unified credit amount. Noted! Get a qualified appraisal for the gift tax return. If sold at a gain, the gain will be based on the delta between lesser of your parents basis or the FMV (determined by the appraisal) at the time of the gift. If sold at a loss, it's trickier. You also want to know if your folks have passive loss carryover on this property, if it was ever used as a rental, what is their adjusted book basis, etc. You really need a CPA more than an attorney for this; it's very very tricky, and you need to do it right.  'quitclaim' deed that gives you the house. You'll need to have it notarized, but that's about it. You don't necessarily need to have a lawyer prepare it - there are examples you can download off the internet that may work - but a lawyer would not be a bad idea and it shouldn't cost much. I wouldn't necessarily recommend having a quitclaim deed done for real property with an actual house on it. I assume OP would like to have the best marketable title to the house in case he or she ever wanted to sell it in the future. A general warranty deed is better in the chain of title than breaking it up with a quitclaim deed. It can cause the value of the property to drop because it creates doubt that OP actually hold clean title to the property. A general warranty deed says you'll defend the deed against any person's trying to take claim to it. A quitclaim deed just says you can have whatever interest in the land I own, I make no guarantees about whether it's good or not.  It is a great gift. Make sure they speak to an accountant to ensure that they correctly file paperwork to avoid gift taxes.  Unless we're talking about a multi-million-dollar mansion, there's nothing especially difficult here. Your parents will sign something called a 'quitclaim' deed that gives you the house. You'll need to have it notarized, but that's about it. You don't necessarily need to have a lawyer prepare it - there are examples you can download off the internet that may work - but a lawyer would not be a bad idea and it shouldn't cost much. Edit: you may also look into a 'general warranty' deed instead, see the reply to this. Tax-wise, there are zero immediate implications for you or your parents. They will need to fill out a gift tax form when they file their next federal taxes, but this won't involve them paying any actual tax, just notifying the IRS of the gift. You'll pay no taxes either. However, once you own the place, property taxes will be your responsibility, and it's possible that you'll need to have the house's value reassessed for tax purposes. The local assessor's office can help you figure that out, or a lawyer if you work with one. Around 100k There is also a possible gift tax issue if certain paperwork isn't filed.  /r/tax would likely be a better place to ask about the tax implications. IIRC back from undergrad, it won't have any impact on you until you sold the house and then you'd have a substantial capital gain on it because it was gifted to you and it's based on the value at which your parents purchased the house. I'm unfamiliar with GA laws on real estate transactions, but you can have as many or as few lawyers as you'd like on a real estate transaction as required by law. That means if you state requires a lawyer to close on real estate, you'll need at least one. But if you you'd like, you can have three, the buyer can have a lawyer, the seller can have a lawyer,and there can be a lawyer just for the transaction.  What is the rough value of the house?