 I attend a community college for an associate's degree and qualified for student loans to cover tuition. I was awarded both subsidized and unsubsidized loans through the government. Well, partway through the fall semester I had some credits transfer, which qualified me as a sophomore so I could get a little more in subsidized loans. I submitted a change of loan request, which was approved, and had the refund paid out through the school's bursar. About a week or two later, I get a message saying I owe a balance in the exact amount of that subsidized loan that was increased. I check the website and my subsidized loan award now has a zero balance, as if I had never qualified for it at all. The loan is still listed on my debt from the government's side of things, though, so it hasn't been revoked. I contacted the school's financial aid department and was told it's a system glitch and they're working on clearing it. I've checked back multiple times since then, put in at least two help tickets, and the issue is still not resolved. It's been almost three months. Two weeks ago, I got a letter saying my bursar balance is overdue and they're sending it to collections if I don't pay. The date listed in the letter has passed, but I visited financial aid again two days before that date. What can I do here? What are my options to avoid legal repercussions and debt I don't actually owe because those loans were, in fact, paid out--regardless of what the school's system displays? I am a very poor student just trying to finish my degree so I can start a career. I have a 4.0 GPA and I'm in good standing with previous student loans from the government. I don't want to get expelled halfway through this program over one stupid glitch when I already have a job lined up! Please help! Thank you, these are solid ideas! Print the e-mail out and go into the bursar’s office in person. Try to get them to give you something in e-mail/writing that they are aware that this should not apply to you. I’m guessing this is an auto-generated process that does this to all students who haven’t paid by a certain date. It might take some work, but they should at least be able to give you some documents that you can show a lawyer/collections agency should they ever get in contact with you. You should also look into the federal student loans. I’m sure there’s some regulation that requires the school to apply any funds received towards the tuition balance by a certain date after they get the funds. Maybe some sort of formal complaint about the school will make the government get on their tails.  It is the college threatening legal action, as well as involving a collections agency. It's a glitch in their website failing to receive the correct data from the government's student loans division. They are aware of the problem but haven't done anything to fix it. I'd say go to the company directly; Im assuming the company who are threatening action is not your university? Go direct, and explain the situation. Give evidence of your communication with the uni and hopefully they'll see through the bullshit! I'd say go to the company directly; Im assuming the company who are threatening action is not your university? Go direct, and explain the situation. Give evidence of your communication with the uni and hopefully they'll see through the bullshit