 I want my medical (PHI) sent to me via email, unencrypted, [as is clearly everyone's right](). "Yes. The Privacy Rule allows covered health care providers to communicate electronically, such as through e-mail, with their patients, provided they apply reasonable safeguards when doing so. See 45 C.F.R. § 164.530(c)." My issue is with this lady's re-writing of their own legal definition to excuse this one clinic from sending me PHI via email. From her letter: "While (legal code) gives the individual the right to request that communications be provided by alternative means or at alternative locations, which may include a request to communicate using unsecured email, the Privacy Rule generally does not require a covered entity to agree to such a request." The actual language is: "Note that an individual has the right under the Privacy Rule to request and have a covered health care provider communicate with him or her by alternative means or at alternative locations, if reasonable." How can I get HHS to follow it's own laws? This is an appeal, so they won't reconsider this lady's judgement. TL:DR - how to get the HHS to give the rights they allow in their own laws.  They're securing the email in order to comply with other laws. What is it that you're confused about? # if reasonable OP certainly can't force the practice to purchase the custom Google services (or whatever provider they use) they'd need to have HIPAA complaint email. I want my PHI delivered on Voyager's golden disks but no ones listens to me. I have no idea what you are taking about at this point (3 months later). I have no idea where this quoted languages came from and even in there it talks about reasonableness. You don’t get to decide what is or isn’t reasonable.   . -mail to avoid unintentional disclosures, such as checking the e-mail address for accuracy before sending, or sending an e-mail alert to the patient for address confirmation prior to sending the message. 't grant a right while eliminating it. What is the purpose of even having this written down and an actual policy. t"he Privacy Rule does not prohibit the use of unencrypted e-mail for treatment-related communications between health care providers and patients ? Do we all have "the right to request and have a covered entity..." or "generally does not require a covered entity to agree to such a request." . Not actually get what we asked for. . "naw, your rights are generally not a right but a suggestion." Like, you get the right to ask to own a gun but that it's only a suggestion in reality. Or you get the right to ask to protest but that "generally" authority doesn't have to agree to agree to your suggestion.   Note that an individual has the right under the Privacy Rule to request and have a covered health care provider communicate with him or her by alternative means or at alternative locations, if reasonable. What's your definition of a "right"?