 Hi all, I have had Frontier wifi since last year. This year in June thoughI was on their website trying to see if they have any discounts. My mistake was not realizing that I was on a new account page and I basically clicked through pages to see if I get any discount for my address. But instead I get a new account created by Frontier and an engineer was sent to to do a wifi setup. I refused the setup service of course as I already have a wifi service and told him the same. I’m not sure what happened and next thing I know I start getting bills for this second account. So I called Frontier multiple times about this issue and finally got to a point when I was told that they determined there was no usage and also that the account is closed. The only pending thing was they have requested their adjustment team to adjust the balance to zero on the 2nd account. And they asked me to wait for 90 days. And almost 90 days I get a letter from Cred Control regarding the outstanding balance on the 2nd account. (Around $180) Frontier also extended my contract on my original account without letting me know. Now Cred Control told me that my account becomes eligible to be submitted to the Collections department on Jan 15. Until then they’re trying to check with Frontier to see what’s going on. But worst comes to worst - I wanted to check if should I pay off this balance now and then wait for the investigation to complete? Cred Control said this is an option and I can pay them. (They may write me a refund check if it’s determined I’m not responsible for the balance) But I’m not sure if I should pay Cred Control or Frontier directly? I’m hoping this will help prevent the situation where it’s Jan 15 and they submit my account to Cred Control and my credit history will take a hit as a result. Cred Control also sounds shady to me - they told me if I call Frontier and try to pay there then I won’t be able to. But I called Frontier’s collections department and they said they can accept payment over the phone for this account. I have not paid anyone as I don’t know who to trust and also what should be my next steps to help resolve this matter quickly. But I don’t want to pay for something that I shouldn’t be paying in the first place.(as I refused the installation so the engineer never showed up and also no usage on the account as determined by Frontier) At the same time, I don’t wanna jeopardize my credit score and future mortgage loan requests if this small amount will affect it anyway. Any other suggestions, please let me know. Location: LA Thanks! You send a certified letter by going to the post office. They have a card you attach to the letter. You don’t need a certified payment copy. Just proof that you paid.   Thanks! Do you mind elaborating on the certified letter to collections for challenging the validity and certified payment copy? I’m not sure how to get either of them done to be honest. Is that a signed actual letter by me or email will also do? By the way, I have already challenged the validity to Cred Control over phone. They asked me billing statements of my original account which they will forward to Frontier and see what they say. I also called Frontier as well to ask them to adjust balance on 2nd account once again last week and they said their adjustment team will get back to me in 3 days. I understand it’s all on phone so no paper trail. I’m guessing that’s why you want me to get these things done in writing? (Even though I have sent cred control email for billing statements) There are two ways to handle this: 1. Send a certified letter to the collections company challenging the validity of the debt based on what you wrote here. cc: Frontier. In addition, tell them that they must communicate with you in writing. This way you get proof of everything. They will have to investigate the debt before they report you to credit. They have 30 days to do this. 2. If you want to pay it off, pay Frontier, and send a copy of proof of payment, certified, to the collections company and to Frontier. It is pretty common for the original company to refuse to take payment once something goes to collections. You could end up paying a bill to Frontier but still owing it to collections, or the collections company could just be wrong. But as long as you have proof of payment to Frontier, that should help you out. Which should you do? I don't know. You might want to see if you can get this resolved by trying the letter first but if they come back and say you owe the money, maybe pay it and then continue your efforts to get your money back. This way you don't damage your credit. 