 Hello r/legaladvice, first time posting apologies for any mistakes. My MIL has two of her three daughters living with, and they have been for several years after they "moved out." Both of these are horribly abusive people. Both are big druggies, constantly bringing fights to the house, even getting it shot up at one point. She's at the end of her rope, and she has no idea how to get them out. She's been told by police that they have to be legally evicted because they have clothes on the property, and that proves they live there. They don't pay any rent, they don't contribute anything to the house at all. Is legal eviction the only option for her? Google-Fu only gets me dated and contradictory information. Thank you. Depending on your MILs age (I am assuming she will qualify, given she has two adult daughters), you can contact the local/regional adult services agency as well, and talk to them about adult abuse related issues as well. I would just record handing them written notice to vacate. You can easily film the paper and in the same continuous shot just hand the paper over. Pretty hard to deny it was received in those circumstance. If the daughters are abusive and violent toward her, document that and you may be able to file for an order of protection (restraining order) which would require that they leave immediately once it is granted.  In AL, posting on the home is considered sufficient. Also, there's a problem with the certified mail: if the MIL receives it and signs for it, the certification amounts to nothing.  It’s important to note that she should use certified mail so there’s a delivery record. The form could be different depending where one lives. Getting advice from an attorney in your area is always the best way to start as a rule. And yes, if MIL’s daughters have been receiving mail at her residence, they’ve definitely established that they live there. Sometimes if you can’t afford an attorney, you can go into your state bar association, you’d look up eviction, attorneys in your area, and hopefully get some free advice and guidance. I would strongly go the legal route immediately. Giving them a paper noting eviction or posting something up without anything to back it up will only waste your time, and make things more tense in your household. Good luck. You’ll get them out. It's not exactly correct that they must be evicted, but they have established tenancy at your MIL's house, so they can't be forced out instantly or on a whim. Your MIL should serve them 30-day notices to vacate. She can post them on the doors and mail them to her daughters at her own house. They'll be required to move out in 30 days. If they do, great, no eviction necessary. Otherwise, after 30 days your MIL can file for an official eviction. The form she would need to file with the court is [here](http://eforms.alacourt.gov/Civil%20Forms/Statement%20of%20Claim%20Eviction,%20Unlawful%20Detainer.pdf). Eventually that process would lead to her being allowed to turn them out onto the street with their stuff and change the locks.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.