 I was digging through old emails and found school loan papers for my (now) husband. During the time, July 2012, he was my boyfriend. There's no way I would have agreed to this given the circumstances. This paperwork has all my information and apparently was electronically signed. This paperwork also involved his mother, was sent to his mother, I am unsure of why she is involved in this, but throughout this processing she was being updated from the school. Yes, it has been a long time, but I am not dumb enough to be co-signing a $28,000 school loan for a boyfriend. Who should I start looking at for answers? The school? Are you prepared for your husband to go to prison if he did it? Ultimately you may be faced with a stark choice. Either accept this debt as your own, or see your husband go to prison. 1. Check all three credit reports at annualcreditreport.com to confirm the loan's standing 2. Confirm with the lender you are on the loan and what kind of loan this is (ie is this a parent plus loan). Get as much paperwork as you possible can regarding the loan. Get all info possible, dates ect. 3. File police report for fraud 4. Work with lender to remove you from the account 5. Work with the credit bureaus to remove the account from your credit reports 6. Sue your MIL for any damages you've incurred via her fraud Possible practical step, get your MIL to agree this "error" occurred and see if she can take out a personal loan in her name only to pay off the balance of the student loan (only do this if the loan is in good standing and didn't tank your credit, then its better to dispute). Is it easy to forge an e-signature? Or is there a way to trace who did it? No, that makes no sense. Someone signed you up as a co-signer and faked your name. What do you want out of this situation?  What is your goal here? You should attempt to get copies of the original documents. If you want to be removed from this loan the lender will probably require you to file a police report for fraud. Yeah, that’s bananas. I think it’s clear your boyfriend/husband listed you as a co-signer with out your knowledge, and e-signed for you.  I'm glad you recognize that this is unlikely to be true. How would the school or the IRS have a girlfriend's info???? Time to have another talk with the husband. [deleted] If your signature was forged on this loan whomever did that could face serious criminal charges. Before you do anything you want to talk to your husband about this. You should start by asking your husband about it. Wasn’t it him who took out the loan? Ask your husband first if he knows why/how that occurred. 