 Good day all. I have a bit of an insane story to share with you today, and would love some input, feedback and/or advice. The home to which I will be referring henceforth is actually owned by my father. He has all of the legal paperwork stating this fact including the escrow paperwork and the deed. So, \~2 years ago, he purchased a home in San Bernardino, CA. He purchase it as a flipper. The realtor that he was teamed up with helped him get the property and told him he could turn the whole thing over in no more than 90 days. During that time, he allowed the realtors ex-wife to live in the home until it was sold. They put \~$50k into flipping it, and the house was move-in ready. Fast forward the 90 days, and the house still hadn't been flipped. My father returned to the home to check up on it, and found a woman he didn't know living in the home with about 40 cats. It turns out that she is a friend of the realtor's ex and was allowed to move into the home without my father's knowledge. When all was said and done, the woman had stated that she would like to buy the home. She was on the winning side of a million dollar lawsuit with a mobile home park of which she was a previous tenant, and would be receiving the money soon. My father is far too good natured with far too big of a heart (These, while great qualities in life, unfortunately, are not good qualities in real estate) because he allowed the woman to stay. She signed a contract that stated that she would purchase the house before Christmas of 2017. I think it goes without saying, but she broke that agreement. Now comes the onslaught of excused upon lies upon excuses. It's a layered cake of deceit. It seems like weekly, her lawyer is telling her that the check will be arriving, and she will have the money. At least, that is how she is presenting it to my father. Every time she gives a time frame, she has an excuse why it doesn't actually happen. Come April of 2018, he's had enough. He goes to court and begins the eviction process. Their court date was set for December 1st, and she shows up, and insists that she really wants the house. The judge sits them down with a mediator and they end up with another contract that states that she will be purchasing the home by December 21st. The 21st has come and gone, and she is full of more excuses. It's at this point that I get involved. He was talking about going to the house to check things out a day or 2 later, but I insisted we go that evening to figure out what's happening. We arrived to a seemingly empty home. On previous visits to the home, we had become friends with the neighbors next door over. They have had a couple of run ins with the lady that was occupying my father's house, and they didn't like her at all. We looked inside the window, and everything inside was really nice. It was fully furnished, and looked like it had been cleaned up since we had last visited. We went next door to see if they knew anything, but they weren't home. They had a camera on their door, and as we were walking back to our car, they came flying up the street. They stopped right in front of us, and opened the door relieved that it was us. Apparently, there were new people living in my father's house, and they had been lingering around the neighbor's front lawn looking in the windows. They thought we were them and rushed home. They told us that the lady rented out the home to these new people and that she hadn't been there in months. They believed it was about 4-5 months prior that she had rented it to them and had left. She came back once a month with food for her cats that she left, and to collect the rent. All the while telling my father that she had every intention of purchasing the home. We left and returned the following morning to see if they were home. The neighbors informed us that they were in there. They don't have a car. It was at this point that all made sense to me. We called the sheriff. These are new squatters that we know nothing about, and I figured that we should be able to get rid of them easier than it would have been to get rid of the original woman. The sheriff arrives, and checks the side of the house. They've padlocked the back gates, and boarded one up to ensure no one access. He goes to the front door and knocks. No answer. My father has keys, but we're not sure if they've changed the locks or not. As we walked up there to try to unlock with his keys, they open the door. The officer entered and gathered everybody into the living room. He asked them questions collectively and then interviewed them individually. Apparently, the original squatter is their friend of the last 20+ years. She's been renting this nice house to them for $500/month plus utilities. The utilities my father has been paying for. All the while, she hasn't paid in one red cent in nearly 2 years. This was on December 23rd. The officer told them they had to leave right now. My father, once again, allowed his emotions to get in the way, and asked the officer if they could have until the day after Christmas. The officer informed them that they had until 4pm on the 26th. If he came back and they were still there after 3, they would be arrested. The 26th came around, and we showed up at 2pm. No movement whatsoever. We called the sheriff. As the sheriff arrive, one of the current squatters comes walking up with groceries. The officer sits him down, and asks for his ID. He doesn't have it. Gets his name and birthdate. Apparently, no warrants, which was surprising to me. This guy clearly has a drug problem, is missing 9/10 of his teeth, and looks like he hasn't showered in about 3 months. He sits the guy in the back of his SUV, and moves toward the house. He asks if my dad can unlock the door. My dad tries all of his keys, but none of them work. The officer says that without the proper paperwork, he cannot break into the home or forcefully do anything, but feels for us and wants to work with us. He speaks to the gentleman in his back seat, and convinces him to open his door and leave with his family. I couldn't hear what he told the guy, but I was thankful for whatever he said. The guy opens the door, and they all come crawling out of the darkness like cockroaches. The officer tells them they have to leave and to pack whatever they can and go. 10 minutes later, they give up the keys to the officer who hands them to me, and they leave on their own accord. The officer advises us to call them back if they try to come back because one of the guys looks funny to him and he thinks he might try something. My mother and father leave for Home Depot to buy new locks, and I stay in the home to safeguard it. 15 minutes later, the original squatter arrives. I call the sheriff and inform them or her arrival as she parked in the driveway, and wouldn't you know it, the officer was right. While I was on the phone with the sheriff, the same guy he was worried about comes climbing through a window. I move toward him and he is stunned that I was there. I shoved him out of the window, and closed it. He waits in front of the home with the original squatter. My father arrives and hands me the new locks. I changed the front door lock and finish just as the police arrive. She starts spouting off about how she owns the home and wants us removed because we're illegally trespassing. The officers have already been out the the house twice before on our behalf, and start questioning her about her paperwork proving that she owns the pace. My father shows them the deed with his name, and they question her further. They ask if she has a bill with her name on it, she says yes to all of their questions, but can produce nothing. She insists that she's going to Staples to get it printed and coming back with it. She leaves, and the police do as well a few minutes later after speaking with my parents. We left not long after. When we got home, she sent him a voice recording telling him not to get too comfortable because she was coming back with paperwork, and she was going to have him thrown out and she was going to sue him, blah blah blah. That brings us to now. The last time my father was in court, he was moving forward with the eviction of the original woman (before he knew about the new people), and apparently, the paralegal he hired filled out the paperwork to evict a tenant, and he needed to evict a squatter since she never paid anything. So, he has a continuance until January 10th. He's concerned that she is going to somehow be able to regain access to the home via the court. Since the judge seemed to favor the squatter in their last interaction. My question is if that is a possibility. We have possession of the home, but we're wondering if she has a leg to stand on? There is no official/legal rental agreement. All of the utilities are currently in my mother and father's names... Does she have any rights? Thanks in advance!!  I think the realtor might be on the hook for at least some of these damages too. Yeah but that won't stop them from vandalizing the place as revenge before the cops can get there  We have 4 different incident reports on these people. If they show up again, they’ll be arrested, according to the sheriff. I’m headed over to the house now to install a security camera. The Ring WiFi camera that will connect to my phone.  Are you or your dad staying at the house? You should be to stop the new squatters from trying to show back up If you haven't reported the realtor for an ethics violation for letting her friend stay in the house without your permission please do so. They won't necessarily do anything, but chances are this isn't the first ethics violation in the record. Other commentators have already said several good ideas. Since the original squatter moved out, she has given up her squatters rights. So unless she reestablishes them, the house should be free and clear for now. Best case scenario would be to have someone stay in the house until it’s sold, if that’s possible. Wow what a nightmare. My best guess would be that because the second round of squatters left on their own accord and the original squatter had given up residency in order to rent to the second squatters and obviously doesn't own the house she has no grounds to be let back in. The only recourse I could potentially see her having would be compensation for an illegal eviction because she was never actually evicted in court the first time, but I highly doubt it. Definitely don't respond to any further correspondence from her unless it's a legal document. If she does sue you don't take it lightly and get a good lawyer just based on how confusing this all is. I would also proactively go talk with the police department to confirm that the conversation the officer had with the second squatters is recorded somewhere regarding the fact that the original squatter had left the property.  Hire an attorney, explain it all to them, and pay them whatever they charge to make it go away. Your father is clearly incapable of being a landlord. He needs to complete the eviction in the courts fully.  Bad advice. Removed.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.