 Two or three years ago I accidentally hit the back of someone’s car. Yeah, it’s sucks, but it does happen. It wasn’t a lot of damage at all. It was a fender bender, but we payed to fix their car through my insurance. Now, two years later, I’m being sued. She is claiming that one tiny accident have her emotional distress and made her love super inconvenient. She is going to a psychiatrist and wants to me fork up the bill because this accident deeply scarred her. Jesus fucking Christ. Basically she’s full of shit and wanting to get money. So, the insurance peeps said they would hook me up with a lawyer. I’m suppose to go to court and just not say anything? What should I expect? Can this person actually win? Also, what can they get from me? 20, college student who has twenty dollars in her account. I’m struggling to pay for my next meal, so what are they expecting to get here?  This is super common. Let your insurance deal with it, unless you leaving something out of the story the only thing this may cost you is a couple of hours. IANAL, but I would also not discuss this with anyone in case the unstable person suing you decides to try and use anything against you that you may say about the situation. (Good luck with this situation, that's awful you're dealing with this.)  The woman suing you is trying to get money from your insurance company. Yes, your insurance company will hire a lawyer to defend you, and the lawyer will pretty much take care of everything. Most likely, they'll settle the case and you won't have to go to court at all. Unless you're leaving out the part about where your beat her child to death in front of her, there's about a -2% chance that she has any claim for emotional distress (and there's a 2% margin of error with that) . Just let your insurance company handle it and do whatever they say. They get these frivolous suits every day.  You may not even have to go to court, and this is what you pay insurance for. Listen to the lawyer and do what they say. (Edit: Had similar thing happen myself, did not even have to go to court, case was dismissed with prejudice.)