 It is still very early on in the procedure. The parties just barely filed initial discovery. I have changed lawyers once already. Will the judge view changing lawyers again as a negative as long as it doesn't hold up the proceedings? I.e. do I run the risk of the judge saying "oh this guy is difficult" or "oh this guy must have a bad case"? My case is solid, but I am concerned with some things I have seen from my current lawyer: getting details of the case wrong, missing a filing date, taking a week to forward over documents from the other side, and making more than a few typos in filings. I asked a bunch of attorneys not in Family Law who they would use if their ex was trying to take their kid from them...out of the 7 I asked, I think 5 said her, that's all I needed. My first attorney had over 30 reviews with a near perfect score on the review site, it's all a joke. New attorney was OCD on what could and could not be used as evidence, like ridiculously annoying, she refused to say anything in a motion or in court unless I showed her concrete evidence, that's when I knew she was it. All three of my ex's different counsel have accused me of some disgusting things, got a temp rest order on me once, and temp removal of my child, once we went to court and neither her or her attorneys could prove their allegations I gained a lot of credibility in front of the Judge. My new attorney does this on occasion but has been great in the courtroom, only you can make that decision. As well if he's been practicing 30 years he is most likely old school and not up on newest tech, my new attorney is similar, she does everything on paper, nothing digital. Reminding them specifics of the case are not unusual either.  You said your wife indicated that your attorney has a bad reputation. Stop letting her get in your head. If I was divorcing you I would probably tell you that too weather it was true or not.  Your wife told you that? NEVER TAKE ADVICE FROM THE OTHER SIDE IN A LAWSUIT  That would be a concern for me. Although it is not unusual even for top attorneys "legal elite" lawyers to make grave mistakes on your case, like missing a deadline. You have to address those issues with the lawyers and see their reaction. If their reaction is to blame you or make shitty excuses, you should move on. It's still early in your case and that is the best time to find a different lawyer. Once you have been in the proceedings for a while, it is not advisable to switch because it becomes very expensive for the new lawyer to read through all the documents again. The question for you of course is: How do I know the new lawyer is not going to be as bad as the previous ones? If you don't know, you should not switch. Sole practitioners can be really good or totally crappy. Big law firm lawyers are always going to be expensive, not only in their hourly rate but also in how they handle your case. Some divorce lawyers are known among their colleagues to be milking their clients for all they are worth. Definitely try to find out who they are. Avoid the lawyers with a billboard in town. Some lawyers are well respected among their colleagues but are horrible with clients. Google reviews are not bad sometimes for sorting out some of that.  [removed] You are going to have this experience with nearly all attorneys unless your prepared to pay them a lot more for billable hours to be dedicated to your case, I personally would not change if this is your ONLY concern. The end of the year always puts their time as more restricted to as they are trying to do more with less from Thanksgiving to New Years.  No but unless you got unlucky twice, you may need to reset your expectations. Changing lawyers, particularly in a domestic case, is not uncommon. Doubtful that the judge will even notice, to be honest with you. If you have a good reason for wanting to change I would go ahead and do it.