 Hello! Issues with my MIL have come to a head and we are going no contact with her (as of now that is the plan). I won’t get into the nitty gritty but she has mental issues (extreme paranoia about everyone including us, large part of why we’re heavily considering cutting ties). She is functional. I have looked at all of the laws and want to make sure I am understanding Ohio law correctly. My husband and I have a 3.5 year old and a 15 month old. We have been married for 6.5 years. According to Ohio law a grandparent can only be granted visitation if: 1- The parents are divorced. 2- One of the parents dies. 3- The child was conceived out of wedlock. Given that we do not meet these criteria we SHOULD have no concerns regarding grandparents rights if she decides to go that route, correct? Additional information that may be needed. We never lived with her. Never needed her for anything. She doesn’t even babysit. Husband has a good job at a hospital, goes to school full time and is in the reserves while I am a stay at home mom. We own a home. We have moved a number of times due to the military but there are no more moves in the foreseeable future. We live 15 minutes from MIL. Any and all advice is welcome! This is probably worth doing. They can do free research for you and give you legal advice. If they think you need to retain a lawyer, they'll tell you. Theres not much harm in it, and it's completely free. I also recommend letting his reserves unit know what's going on. It's just good to keep your CoC informed when theres any legal stuff going on, especially if you think theres any chance she will drag you through court over this. Ohio is weird in that it allows grandparents to sue for custody if they can prove the parents are objectively unfit and that it's in the best interests of the child(ren) to live with them. This usually means this is in cases where child protective services are involved and kiddo would be going to foster care anyway if no family was available, but not always. So yes, the chances are very slim that she can do anything, but they aren't nonexistant. She'd almost certainly lose her case by your description, but she can still sue- which means you'd need to respond in court. If you are served a with a lawsuit (unlikely), do not ignore it, immediately hire a family law attorney, and be sure to make yourself available to go to the court date.  IANAL If your get sent anything from the courts do not ignore it. Since your husband is in the military if anything comes from this you'll want to contact JAG and they'll help you. I don't know if you could get a consult from them if nothing has been filed, but maybe worth checking.  Done. Thank you! 