 Disclosure: I have a lawyer and I am awaiting a conversation with him later today. In the interim, I am trying to do as much research as I can so I can understand the issues at play. Background: \- I am 18 months into a 2 year lease. At start of lease, landlord requested I pay with post-dated checks delivered in 6-month increments. \- In December of 2017, the septic system started backing up into yard. System was original from 1960 and determined to need replacement. \- We have completely lost use of the back yard since May, but have continued to pay rent in full through the duration. \- In June, our 6 month bank of checks had exhausted, meaning we owed a new batch starting July 1. We were notified of this by the landlord, but were travelling on vacation. I offered to send a money transfer for July, and deliver the remaining 5 checks when we returned. However, he said not to worry about it, and that I could deliver all 6 checks when I returned. (I have text messages that show this.) \- On July 4th, I met him at his house and hand-delivered 6 checks, for July through December. (I have copies of each of these checks.) He deposited the July check on July 5, and every subsequent check on the 1st of the respective month. \- In September, he told me he wanted to sell the house to fund a project, and offered to sell it to me off-market. Given the state of the septic system, I declined the offer. From that point on, the dynamic of our relationship changed. He went from being a nice guy that I had a good relationship with, to what can only be be described as hostile. \- My wife and I are were no longer comfortable living in the house in its current state, given his change in demeanor. I retained a lawyer to handle communications with him in an effort to get out of the lease. \- Yesterday at 7pm my wife and I were served with a 3 day pay rent or vacate notice. The notice claims that we did not pay December rent. (However, I have the ledger showing the December check in the block of 6 sequential checks.) It is my belief that the landlord intentionally did not cash the check in order to build an eviction case against us so that he can force us out in order to sell the property. Further, I believe he served us just prior to Christmas in order to inflict maximum stress. \- Most troubling: he has provided a ledger documenting a late fee that he is retroactively applying to July's payment, and it appears he has rolled this over to every subsequent month, causing a cascade effect, whereby every month's rent was only "partially paid", and compounding a $50 late fee per day. He is now demanding more that $18,000(!) in fees to be paid in three days. Here is my question: \- For argument's sake, let's assume I am liable for a late fee from July. Does the landlord have a duty to inform me of this assessed late fee and make a demand for said fee in a timely manner? If not, it seems like a situation ripe for abuse (as evidenced above.) Until yesterday, at no point were we ever notified of a late fee, or the resulting impartial rent payments. Thanks for your insight. As you can imagine, this is causing a considerable amount of stress to us around the holidays.  From the post, I don't see anything about him paying the rent late, so I'm not sure what a grace period has to do with it. Rent is considered paid on the day the tenant gives it to the landlord, not when the landlord gets around to looking at it.  't owe any late fee, Are you sure? Washington State has no provision for a grace period.   : Does the landlord have a duty to inform me of an assessed late fee and make a demand for said fee in a timely manner? You don't owe any late fee, so your questions are irrelevant. Don't complicate this. Late fees have to be reasonable approximations of losses. A 10% fee may make sense, but this fee exceeds that by quite a bit. I suspect that it is an unenforceable penalty. And as mentioned below, do not offer post dated checks in the future to anyone. Right, well... lesson learned on that front. \ I didn't want to clutter up my main thread and question, but the landlord didn't provide a move-in inspection checklist as required by law, and my lawyer demanded he return the security deposit. His attorney refused and said it was "wholly unacceptable" and demanded landlord come and inspect property, in order to create an inspection checklist (18 months into our tenancy.) I expect we are just beginning our nightmare. $3900 (Yes I know this is outrageous for majority of country. Welcome to Seattle.)  What is your (approximate) monthly rent payment? First, don't provide post-dated checks in the future. They can be cashed irrespective of date and can cause major problems for people. You've got a lawyer so that's a great step. I suspect that it would be extremely hard to justify applying a retroactive late fee 6 months after the fact and attaching penalties to it. Do fully expect the fight over your security deposit to be a blood bath.  \- $50 per day late. \- It states that subsequent payments will be applied against any balance owed first. \ Appreciate this, and will know more when we speak in a few hours.  What does your lease say about late fees? Your landlord can only assess a late fee as provided in your lease. Late fees are generally pretty limited, and while I don't believe Washington imposes a statutory limit, the interest charged is clearly absurd and may well run afoul of the state's laws on usury. Conversely, the lease itself is generally adequate notice of things like due dates and late fees: your landlord doesn't usually need to remind you of what you owe. _However_, as your landlord agreed to accept payment late, you have a good argument that even if your lease provides late fees, the landlord agreed to waive them and should be barred from using those fees to evict you. This is a pretty basic estoppel argument and your lawyer has probably already thought of it.  'd have a good argument that you owe no such fee. Appreciate the answer, but I think there is some nuance to my question that is being missed: \- I made July's rent payment on July 4th. \- Now, 6 months later, the landlord has notified us that he assessed a late fee for that payment, which has resulted in an exorbitant 6 month compounding late fee. So my question is this: Does the landlord have a duty to inform me of an assessed late fee and make a demand for said fee in a timely manner?   - For argument's sake, let's assume I am liable for a late fee from July. Does the landlord have a duty to inform me of this assessed late fee and make a demand for said fee in a timely manner? If not, it seems like a situation ripe for abuse (as evidenced above.) Until yesterday, at no point were we ever notified of a late fee, or the resulting impartial rent payments. Generally, providing a check abates your duty to pay, even if the check isn't cashed immediately. Only if the check is refused by the bank, or if it's lost or destroyed and you refuse to replace it, do your obligations come back into force as if you hadn't paid. If your landlord is attempting to assess a late fee, and you gave them a check on time, you'd have a good argument that you owe no such fee. Your lawyer is your best resource for this, though. I understand wanting reassurance, but your lawyer has better information than we ever will about your specific situation. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.