 This post may sound kind of dumb, and it doesn’t really bother me if it does lol. Currently I’m in a public highschool in Virginia, and my teachers are enforcing a new policy, and I’m wondering if it’s actually allowed. At the beginning of class everyday the policy is making students put all of their electronics away in a bag located in the classroom, even though the students may have done nothing wrong. It goes for everyone, and everyday, and I just think it’s ridiculous and wrong. They haven’t started this yet, it’s starting the day we get back from Christmas Break. I was just wondering if this is actually allowed for them to do this, especially because this is public school, and the rules they are able to have have to be similar to actual laws, whereas private schools can have more stricter and different rules because they aren’t ran by the government. Even though this may sound like some dumb teenage problem, I would really appreciate any comments, or sources stating whether the can or can’t do this. Anything is appreciated You could tell your parents that you are afraid in case of an emergency that you wont have access to your phone.  Cell phones and pagers were around in my high school, though not as prevalent I agree. But you haven't come with one good point as to why you need it in class or in school, which tells me that life hasn't changed that much, only the mindset of the people in that life now. I don't know how to say this without coming off as a dick, but you don't know what you're talking about. There's no reason whatsoever you _need_ your cellphone in class. I think this is something you will understand in a few years. When I was your age, likely no more than five or six years ago, I thought it was stupid too. But now I realize that in a vast majority of cases, they're nothing but a distraction.  Exactly well said at the end. Yes it's your property. So keep it home or in your locker if you don't want it taken away from you. Then you can have it during free time.  A good chunk of posters here made it through high school with no cell phones, you will survive. I had cell phones when I was in high school. The rule was “keep it in your locker”. Nobody followed the rule, but it was rare that anyone got caught. Throw it in your bag and tell teach it’s in your locker.  Have you considered not bringing your phone to class? I know it's an absolutely crazy idea but you won't die from not having it for a few hours so you can actually focus on your schoolwork. No, it's nothing like that at all. Because 1) a teacher is not a student and not subject to the rules students are; 2) the school can't restrict the use of your phone when you are not at school, which is the scenario your analogy suggests. If you don't want the school interfering with your "property" because it's your property, then you have an absolute right to leave your phone at home. It doesn't matter how big a part of your life it is, or how much adults just don't understand you. The bottom line is that you have absolutely no business using a cell phone during class, therefore you have no need to have it in your possession during class.  Mostly because it’s my property I guess. It’s like you bring your own laptop to work and post grades on that you paid for, and the school makes you turn into them overnight, and you’re able to collect it in the morning, even though it’s 100% yours. It’s the same type of concept, but the laptop comparison is a little more extreme I will admit.  [removed] I’m sure there’s things your school disapproved of students having / doing back in your days in school, and people my age would see the same item or whatever it may be and think “that’s dumb, why would people even need that?” The way of life has just changed so much, and it’s hard for adults to understand why we do what we do, because they grew up doing something much different. The front office has phones in case of emergency. So do most classrooms. Teachers also have cellphones. There is no argument you can make that will justify having a cellphone in class.  Teacher here. Cell phones are infinitely more useless than they are useful in the classroom. If you need the Internet use an iPad or ask for permission from the teacher to use your phone for only what is needed. 10/10 times I give students the permission to use their phone for music or to help with an assignment, there will always have one idiot who decides to use Instagram or snapchat and ruin it for the rest. If your parents need to contact you, they can contact the office. That is the rules and they are there to minimize disruptions in a learning environment. The question you should ask is why do you need your phone on you?  I didn't have a cell phone in high school and got around just fine. How is it such a big part of your life? Do you day trade the stock market? Is it your main business line for a multi-million dollar company? Does it monitor your vitals and keep you alive? Do you use Samsung pay to pay for school lunch? Or do you just like having it because you play pokemon on it, message friends, and surf reddit when you are tired of listening to the teacher? Schools existed before cell phones. What kind of emergency do you absolutely need your cell phone for? Just out of curiosity, how would you feel about this if you were in my generation, where phones unfortunately are one of the biggest parts of lives. I’m not doing this to “use my cellphone in class.” I’m at lunch right now, typing all of this. In the actual case of an emergency, which is completely possible for anyone, it would just be stupid to have all the students to not have access to their phones I think it is absurd that anyone would assume they can have a cell phone in class. Turn it off and throw it in the bottom of your bag. Then don't bring it up or tell them you left it in a locker / at home. I am sure you or someone other students were caught using it during class and they ruined it for everyone. Make sure to thank them. But I digress, you are underage and in a classroom. Teacher can do whatever he wants to keep order. I’ll have a conversation with my parents about the what they think, and I pretty much already know they aren’t going to be happy, as they pay for everything. There is a reason, and the reason is likely because cell phones can be disruptive or distracting in the classroom. The school is allowed to head-off disruptions/distractions, including taking away cell phones before class begins. It’s just stupid how they want to try and run things. Taking a students phone who’s obviously on it and not paying attention makes complete sense, but taking and confiscating everyone’s is just absurd. It’s more of a concept of them taking without any reason. If they payed the bills on it I’d be fine with it — but they don’t.  There's no legal issue with this. Parents may consider it a safety issue in the event of an emergency, and if yours do they should bring their concern to the school board. There is no law against it. If you don't want to put your electronics in their, don't take them to class/school Why do you need your cell phone in class? As long as they aren’t harming you or infringing on your rights they can do or say almost anything they eant