 I live in Florida and when I moved in I gave first, last, and a security deposit so $850 3 = $2550 to move in. I lived there for a year and a half and my lease was up on Oct 15. My landlord lives in Colombia so she flew in and stayed here for a few weeks in order to check out the apartment and get a new tenant. She informed me that she didn't have the deposit money yet and that once she had a new tenant she would be able to give it to me. I'm a trusting person and I always got along with her so it wasn't a big deal to me - I didn't need that money right away so I didn't mind waiting. I still had my couch in the apartment and let her know that I'd have to rent a truck to get it out and she would let me know once she had someone ready to move in so that I could go get the couch out and return the key. When she finally checked out the apartment (maybe 2 weeks after Oct 15) she let me know that everything looked good and that any damages were just regular wear and tear and things that needed to be fixed prior to me moving in (the fridge would stop cooling if I didn't turn the dial inside every day and the AC started leaking). So she told me she would be returning the full amount of the deposit, $850. She once again told me that she didn't have it yet but that there was someone who was going through the application process to move in and that she would write me a check but to not deposit it until she let me know. Cool, no big deal. I go and get my couch out of there and leave her the keys on the counter. Finally about a month ago 11/20ish she calls me and lets me know that I have mail and that she's going to mail it to me along with the check. She again reminds me not to deposit the check yet. She mails everything out on the 27th and sends me a photo of the envelope. A few days later she texts me about some cockroach traps that I had in the cabinets and asks whether I had an issue with bugs (I didn't, I'm just terrified of roaches so I always like to have traps just in case) and says that one of the cabinets and microwave was really dirty and she hadn't seen that (it was just some beans that had spilled from a bag and random crumbs). This was over a MONTH after I had moved out. I didn't respond because frankly I was annoyed at this point and I also just forgot - she usually would text/call me during work. I received everything in the mail a few days later and I kept the check in a drawer. 10 days ago I text her letting her know that I received everything and asked her when we could speak on the phone, she didn't answer. Because she lives in Colombia I thought maybe she went back already. So I decided to deposit the check last week. I did it through Chase mobile and the money was in my account the next business day. Sure enough I paid my credit card and moved the rest of the money out of my checkings and into my savings account (I dont really keep money in my checkings) and 2 days ago the check was returned due to a STOP PAYMENT. So my account was negative, I got hit with like 3 fees which made my account negative like $900, I had my direct deposit from work going in the next day for $550 so I couldnt even use that money, my account is still negative and sure enough my health insurance which is on autopay goes through yesterday and I got hit with ANOTHER fee for that. I have no idea what to do.. I've looked into a few things and I saw that legally she has to let me know within 15 days of moving out about whether she would be deducting money out of my deposit and she's supposed to return the money within a certain amount of time. Not only that but she put a STOP PAYMENT ON THE CHECK. and didnt even TELL ME. I am so upset and I have no idea what to do right now.  Your lease should have a timeline that the rentor has to return security deposit. Small claims court can help. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.