 (PA) As the title states, we made an offer on a home and negotiated mostly "minor" repairs from the inspection. During the negotiation and over the course of approx. 2 months, there was no water damage during storms. While the roof was brand new, we asked the sellers to fix flashing around a back corner of the townhome. The sellers agreed to the repair, signed off and said it was fixed, keys are ours, and we moved in a week ago. Well three days later, a storm hit and that same back corner totally failed. Water came pouring in through the roof, damaging drywall, paint, and soaking carpet and wood. It went through two floors all the way to the basement. We called insurance, they assessed the damage, and determined they need to rip open walls, dehumidify, and fix all the damaged interior. We've been referred to the subrogation department for insurance but the plot thickened. Our roof specialist came, took photos, and showed us that no evidence of recent work existed (beyond the first roof installation). Basically, the sellers said they did repairs but didn't. We have a $1000 insurance deductible and have already pumped $400 into fixing the flashing before it rains/snows again. We are documenting everything with pics and phone calls/emails to the professionals. Do we need to do anything else legally speaking? Want to make sure we're capturing everything in case the damage is greater than anticipated or insurance says it was an "existing problem" and won't pay. Aside from being exceptionally pissed off, our furniture was luckily not unpacked or set up in the water damaged areas. Thanks in advance for help! TL;DR: Bought home, sellers agreed to repairs in the contract, didn't do it, roof failed and damaged 2.5 floors.  Surely then it comes down to warranty on the work done? Didn’t they do an appraisal and what needed work? Age of furnace, roof, etc, shape chimneys are in, etc? And don’t you have a certain number of days in your contract where you can back out? Is the invoice issued by a roofing repair company? If yes, is there any type of warranty on their work? Could be the repairs were done, just poorly by the roofing company and the roof failure is on them.  Needed to clear it up with our real estate agent; she has confirmed that there is an invoice for completion of the requested work.   You said elsewhere that you saw no receipts or any other record that the work was done. So depending on what is actually written in the contract this may or may not cover your bases. So, we did get everything in writing per our contract negotiations. The sellers and their agent agreed to repairs and confirmed they had been completed as part of the sale. That's where we have at least some recourse if the repairs weren't performed. However, I do see your point.  Maybe someone else will be able to be of more help, but I'm afraid this might be an expensive lesson in life. Never trust anyone, especially when there's money on the line. ALWAYS get everything in writing. They did not provide any receipts to us. I'll reach out to our agent, see if anything was offered. And yeah, thanks for the advice. Seems simple now, but at the time we trusted the process far too much. EDIT: The agent has confirmed she has a copy of the invoice for work performed. This includes the requested flashing repair. We worked through two agents who negotiated the repairs and we did see the work done on repointing bricks and caulking we asked for. The flashing appeared to be fixed from the ground vantage point. As new home buyers, we believed in the process, contractual obligations, etc. Learning now that was obviously short sighted. Did you see any proof that the repairs were done? Or you just took their word for it? Did the seller provide any tickets or receipts from any of the repairs being done? If they insist the work was done, find out what company did it. If they say it was some guy they know, contact real estate agent, that work may have been required to have been done by a licensed contractor. Too late now, but in the future, if a home inspector finds a list of work that needs to be done, pay him to reinspect after the seller claims the work has been done. Talk to a real estate attorney as this will hinge upon the scope of the sellers’ misrepresentation regarding the repairs or whether you failed to hold the sellers’ feet to the fire with regard to those repairs. For example, what did the contract say about repairs and how did you word the language regarding the repairs and was that incorporated into the contract? Good luck 