 I'm not sure how to describe locations since it involves 3 separate locations due to shipping. My stepdads current location - Gate City, VA Old location of my stepdads - Kingsport, TN His mother's location - Washington DC So, my stepdad's mother sent him Christmas packages to his former address on accident. She forgot to update the shipping history to his current residency. (Mind you, these packages were sent from her home. They were wrapped in Christmas paper, labeled with everyone's names.) When she got the tracking notification, she called my stepdad to ensure he received them, in which he replied, that they had never showed up. She went to look back at her delivery confirmation and realized she had them shipped to the wrong address. My stepdad went to his former address and confronted the new residents. They blanatly lied about never receiving any packages. Also, my stepdad witness TWO of the gifts opened and in use. (One of his gifts was a doorbell security camera system, in which the new residents had already mounted onto their door.) Is this pretty much a sealed deal? Or can we bring the local police into it? What would be the best course of action? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. Resolved according to OP. Locked.  North Holston Road... Close enough /: about 2 minutes from Lynn Garden  Good old Kingsport, please say it wasn't in Lynn Garden Please put this update in your OP. Yeah, this. Mail tampering in the states actually carries some pretty hefty penalties, I think the maximum jail sentence is 5 years and/or a fine of up to 250 grand. I’d contact the postal inspector also. Just because it has your address it doesn’t make it your.  I believe it is only for USPS, but since they were wrapped and because of the cost of the packages, it likely was shipped through them.  NAL, I think that only applies to USPS shipped items, and may not apply to UPS, FexEx or other private services.  I have AMAZING news. The officer that responded to the call, went to the residency and found the opened parcels in their trash... With my STEPDADS name on it! He is now going through and charging them with felony theft!  It is illegal to open any mail not addressed to you. "Whoever takes any letter, postal card, or package out of any post office or any authorized depository for mail matter, or from any letter or mail carrier, or which has been in any post office or authorized depository, or in the custody of any letter or mail carrier, before it has been delivered to the person to whom it was directed, with design to obstruct the correspondence, or to pry into the business or secrets of another, or opens, secretes, embezzles, or destroys the same, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both." 18 U.S. Code § 1702 Okay, I'll let him know. He has already filed a police report and sworn an affidavit at the Court House, just to have everything on record. The packages involved were worth over $2,000. So far it's a felony charge for theft according to the local Kingsport police.  You can call the police, sure. Or your grandmother can sue the people involved. 