 Location: USA Long story but I'll try to keep it as brief as possible In early 2013, I was living in another state. We stayed with a couple at the time for about 3 months before getting our own apartment. That couple wound up having their home raided by the police, and they then told the police that we also lived there at the time. We were no longer in touch with them, so didn't know about this. A few weeks later, the police came and busted our door down while I was at work. My girlfriend was out of state, so I immediately drove home to make sure our pets were okay and figure out what was going on. The charges being investigated were potential felonies. When I talked to the investigator, I was clueless as to what the situation addressed was but he told me he was convinced I was the person they were looking for, that if he found anything at all he was going to ruin my life, etc etc. Still have PTSD from that tough talking. During that conversation, I gave some plausible information about the people we lived with, but he just shot it all down (even though the other investigator seemed to agree with me...). I still have no clue what exactly happened, but a strong suspicion that the couple we lived with were involved in it. Anyways, we never heard anything and a few months later we moved to another state when I got a new job offer. So I guess I have no idea if anything ever came of it? We never got our stuff back. They had our phone numbers and we never heard from them. Now here's the facts that should probably lead me to believe nothing ever came of it: \- In mid-2015, I was charged with several misdemeanors. I wasn't arrested, but I was served by police officers who also interviewed me. I would assume they would do an NCIC check at this point for any other outstanding warrants ? \- In mid-to-late 2015 I was pulled over for speeding, the cop didn't mention anything \- In late 2015, I was pulled over and the cops mentioned my pending trial so I'd assume they checked NCIC? \- At the beginning of 2016, I was given 3 years of supervised probation and a PBJ. I have seen a probation officer around 3 dozen times since 2016, and my supervised probation was converted to unsupervised probation in Feb 2018. Can I assume at some point when I was entered into the system, or at some point when I was being supervised, they would do an NCIC check? \- This month I applied for Uber, just to see what would come up on the background check from Checkr. The only thing that came back was my PBJ in my current state. Would this show pending charges or a warrant if it existed? Anyways, all of this paranoia is because my probation ends in about 10 days and I am planning to travel for work in Feb 2019. The first time I will have ever left the US in my life. So I've just been absolutely obsessed over the possibility that there is something I don't know about. I have a successful business, a wife, a house and a 1 year old son to worry about, so I just don't want any surprises and I keep trying to decide if it's even worth it to leave the country if there's even a 1% chance that something exists. Thoughts? Am I an absolute insane person that should get on some meds? Or is it possible that this still exists somewhere out there and could come up?  [removed]