 I was in a car accident two nights ago and am trying to decide who is the best insurance company to go through for my initial claim. My own (Safeco) or the at-fault driver's (Geico). I was T-Boned as he was crossing through two other lanes and hit me in a turning lane. It's fairly clear that it's his fault. The police came out. I had witnesses stay with me and give statements to the police. I did not immediately go to the hospital in an ambulance for any follow up as I was kind of in shock and didn't feel any immediate pain. I am however, going to go today to an urgent care as I am having neck pain. I called my insurance broker (not actually Safeco) to ask questions. They said I can report directly to Geico since the other driver is at fault and I will not have any out of pocket expenses or I can go directly through Safeco and I will be out my initial $500 deductible until the police report comes out proving the other driver is at fault at which point, I would get that back. I have very good insurance - above state minimum. Full tort, $250,000 per person/$500,000 per accident for underinsured motorist coverage. I am not concerned with the $500 out of pocket expense really as I have that money. I am concerned about a future potential lawsuit for pain and suffering and loss of wages. Am I more likely to have an offer of settlement/better outcome if I start my initial claim through my own insurance company or theirs? Should I speak to a lawyer that specializes in auto-accidents/injury's before opening up my initial claim? At this point, I am not sure of the extent of my injury's or what future impact it will have. But, I think my initial claim may be relevant? Or, does it not matter at all? I should add that I am currently on unemployment due to a lay off a few months ago and therefore do not currently have personal health insurance. I was assured my initial medical costs will be covered through either insurance company even if he is underinsured. My unemployment runs up the end of January and as a registered Uber and Lyft driver (I've driven for them in the past to supplement my full time employment), I was planning on doing ride sharing as my source of income when unemployment runs up until I have full-time employment again (f not employed before it runs up). Any advice is appreciated especially as time is of the essence. Thanks! I would file thru the other carrier and if you have issues you can always fall back on yours. Getting the police report is no guarantee they'll accept liability or that you'll immediately get your deductible back. It doesn't hurt to consult a PI attorney. 