 Hello, I am currently in college and I have a professor that mistakenly uploaded a copy of his final exam to the course website. Apparently he can track who downloads a file, so when I took the exam and received a 100% he reported me for academic dishonesty. I don't think it was dishonest of me for downloading a pdf that he himself uploaded to the course website. The file was only on the site for about 2 minutes, so I was just in the right place at the right time. I had an A in the class before this, but now I'm under threat of expulsion. What are my options here? Is this even something that falls under a legal realm? I just don't know what to do as the past 3 years are about to be wasted if I'm kicked out of school.  Schools have academic codes of conduct and moral standard. If you knew about it and used that knowledge to gain advantage in receiving a high grade, chances are you violated that moral standard by not informing the professor. Not just could a professor fail you, but in my college it was an expellable offense.  'm being punished for his mistake. You're right, it was a mistake. One you took advantage of. The academically honest thing to do would have been to tell the professor he uploaded the final unto the portal and that he should change it as some students may have gotten a copy of it. Instead, you used it dishonestly, hence; academic dishonesty. It seems they are pretty valid in what they're accusing you of.  You committed academic dishonesty, and should be prepared to face the consequences of it. You're being punished for taking advantage of a mistake.  Well yes, that is cheating and academic dishonesty. Any reasonable person would conclude the exam was uploaded on accident. And the fact that it was quickly taken down later confirmed this. Taking advantage of this is dishonest and completely undermines the entire purpose of the test - that being, to judge your knowledge of the subject matter.  't think I had any obligation to tell anyone that I saw it. You don't name your school, but many of them have an honor code you're supposed to abide by that may cover these types of situation or at least, the spirit of these types of situation. So while it may not be illegal in the sense that they would call the police on you, they may be in the right to expel you for academic dishonesty. You knew you weren't to use it and you did anyways. This is textbook, black and white academic dishonesty. Feign contrition, since obviously you think this was closer to "one cool trick professors DONT want you to know!" than cheating. Nope. They can totally expell you for this and you couldn't sue them for it or force them to readmit you or transfer your credits. 't know what to do as the past 3 years are about to be wasted if I'm kicked out of school. Then I guess it was really stupid to cheat, huh?  So you downloaded it knowing the file name, opened it knowing the file name, read it knowing what it was, and then took the exam after all that without ever telling the professor of his mistake so he could re-do the exam? Is that all true? And you think all this was not a violation of the academic honesty policy? I would contact your university's ombudsmen's office and see if they can assist you. How obvious was it that the file you downloaded was the exam answer key? It may have been a matter of "right place and right time", but you knew it was a mistake that the test was posted. What you did may not be illegal, but wrong nontheless. They can still take measures against you for it, though. Those will also likely be completely legal as well. Just to be clear, you admit that you used a copy of the final he mistakenly uploaded to get 100% on the test and never notified the professor beforehand that you had accidentally seen it so he could have given you an alternate exam? What was the file name?