 Florida, USA My wife and I have been ready to divorce for a while now, I filed early in 2017 but we "resolved our issues" and filed for a dismissal and fought it out for another couple of years. I moved out in October of this year, and she filed for dissolution on 11/13. She applied for indigency but we have too much income and it was denied on 11/29. The county clerk website shows an invoice created on 11/29 for $408 with a due date of 12/29. I did not know she filed for divorce until her application for indigency had been denied on 11/29, as she had included my email address on the paperwork so I got a "Notice of Inclusion on eService List Case # " email that alerted me to this. She never had me served the documents, but I was able to view her petition on the county clerk's website that day and was able to file my response form and the other paperwork (UCCJEA, Financial Disclosure, blah, blah). I really want this to be over and not be married anymore, but neither of us are going to be able to come up with the money by then. I'm also concerned for any legal repercussions she may face from not paying this, as we have a common child and I don't want her to get in trouble. My questions here are: 1) What will happen to her if this invoice remains unpaid by the due date? 2) Will the divorce proceed without this having been paid? \ If not how would I proceed with the divorce, would I have to file my own petition? The court will make her pay if she is the one who owes the money. It could hold her in contempt, take her state tax refund, garnish her wages, take money from her bank account, so on and so forth. It won't stop the divorce, you didn't do anything wrong. But if you are very concerned for her, you certainly can pay it if you want.  No, the court is owed that money and will collect it one way or the other. If she won't fork over the money, then the court will use involuntary methods to collect it, such as taking money out of her bank account or suspending her driver's license.