 Along with lots of other items, they have to deal with and agree on selling prices/deals/etc that get made with everything in the trust. My mom has a buyer for the plane, and found out her cousin has had her brother go to the plane and start taking thing apart and “fixing it” without telling her until 2 days ago. They apparently have order new parts already and started working on it since my moms dad passed away a couple months ago. We JUST found out that her brother isn’t even a certified mechanic..... is there some sort of legal action my mom can take?  You need to be a certified aircraft mechanic to work on an aircraft. The fact your mother's cousin's brother has started taking it apart means it's no longer flight worthy and won't be again until it's been re-certified. Re-certification will costs tens of thousands of dollars if what I've heard is correct (not a pilot or an aircraft mechanic, this is just what I heard from a Cessna owner about a decade ago) and the aircraft is worth very little without it. Your mother needs to speak with a lawyer about it as soon as possible. When you go to sell it, and the buyer finds out what happened, they're going to make sure all the rebuilds and inspections are done by the seller first. The FAA will ground the plane otherwise and it'd be pretty worthless. Does that screw me over, or do I have a legal way to cover myself? Holy crap, someone messing with the plane without having an A P license to work on aircraft is a great way to get royally screwed. Every single thing that is touched must be taken apart again by a licensed technician and rebuilt again, and then get the aircraft fully inspected again. That stupid action by the cousin is probably going to cost tens of thousands of dollars depending on how much was done. No idea they haven’t told my mom anything  Why are they fixing it? Do they expect the value will appreciate significantly afterwards? She can sue for the cost of a certified mechanic to put the plane back into working order. 