 Judge's award of a small portion of my ex's 401K was entered in January of 2017 in Montgomery County, MD. Ex appealed just this portion of the award. This appeal is now with the special appeals court in Annapolis, MD. Court of Special Appeals was originally scheduled to hear this case in September of 2017, which was submitted on brief. I had an attorney that specializes in appeals prepare the brief. My ex used his family law attorney that helped him with divorce. Ex believes an automatic stay was given when he filed his appeal. My ex refuses to move forward with the courts 401K award while this is pending appeal. I paid to have an attorney draft a QDRO. I submitted a notarized copy to my ex with my signature in August of 2017. He refused to sign or move forward with the 401K transfer then and refuses to do so now. What can I do (with help from an attorney yet to be hired) to move this forward now? Many thanks in advance for any guidance that helps me better prepare for attorney consultations/what I may need to do moving forward. It looks to me like you know a lot more about this situation than I ever could. My divorce was very simple, no assets, one child that he didn't even want, and that's basically it. Im sorry that I'm no help to you but I genuinely hope everything works out for you.  The attorney I hired to respond to my Ex's appeal told me that Ex is obligated to sign. The attorney I hired is a specialist in appeals. He's no longer representing me in this case as the appeals court is going to rule on briefs that we submitted long ago. I was told by this attorney that the only way for ex to not pay out now is for Ex to file for a stay/bond (which it doesn't make sense for my ex to do). Ex does not want to believe that this is the case. I believe that if I continue to move forward pro se, so will my ex. I am hoping that this keeps things moving forward on the up up so that we can resolve the issues we need to resolve expeditiously. I filed a contempt motion against my ex not long ago for not following our custody agreement. The show cause hearing is in February. I filed this pro se, but, I may choose to bring an attorney. Should I file a contempt motion asking the divorce court to enforce the order re:401K? If so, does this require another show cause hearing or could it be combined with the contempt hearing we have scheduled for February? NAL, but it seems to me that the attorney you used to file the QDRO would know whether your ex is obligated to sign prior to the appeal being decided. That is a question your attorney should be willing and able to answer. Having said that, it would seem to me that your ex wouldn't have to proceed with any court order that is currently in the appeal process. So...short answer, I doubt your ex is required to sign/proceed, but your attorney would almost certainly be able to tell you for sure. 