 This happened two days ago, and I took those days to take a step back to look at this situation. I’m 19, my manager is 29 or 30. The business I worked for has been open about seven months and it has been an absolute nightmare from the get go. My manager began harassing me about two weeks after we opened. It started with weird comments about women, such as “if you want a woman to like you you’ve got to be a jerk to her”. Here’s a timeline of what happened over the next few months. I will be keeping it very general for fear of being recognised. July- the store opened and I met my manager. He begins making weird-but general- comments from the beginning. I brush them off to avoid conflict. August- I text him to ask if there was a problem and he becomes very sexually aggressive. He admits that what he is doing is wrong and implies that we would both lose our jobs if I said anything, and says he’d be very angry if I did anything or tried to friend zone him. September- the explicit texts continue. I get a promotion, and he tells me he is half the reason I got the promotion and I should be very grateful October- he presses me for information about my sex life. I will admit fault in that while I did make it very clear I was uncomfortable, I was too afraid to tell him no outright and would either go along with the conversation minimally or dance around the topic. I felt as if I owed him because he promised protection at work from an ex who was threatening me. He said that if she showed up he would “rape her butch ass and show her what a man is”. This is not the first time he’s made rape threats. November- I begin getting into trouble for things that coworkers have and have not done when closing or in the shift before mine. The owner is still mostly friendly towards me. Manager says he sticks up for me when she’s mad at me. He also begins getting high and drunk and calling me to talk about his problems and wanting to hear about mine. I allow this to happen because we have a lot of the same issues in our personal life. It was nice to have someone who seemed willing to listen. December- I begin to be ill often. This is a thing I told the owner would happen come winter because I have a weakened immune system. I also tell manager to stop doing the things he is because it is not right and I now have a boyfriend. He seems to not really care and stops answering my texts about work, but becomes angry with me if I go directly to the owner with questions or problems. He tells me she is angry with me for various things but tells me that I don’t need to ask her about it. Owner suddenly doesn’t speak to me much and refuses to listen if I ask her about him getting upset with me about things I can’t control. She tells me to pass it off as him being grumpy January- things seem to be more civil, but I’ve got a gut feeling something is wrong. Manager makes an alarming comment about how if a man like him were to get sick of feminism, a woman like me wouldn’t stand a chance in a fight. I try to bring this to owners attention, am once again brushed off. Owner gets very angry with me over something manager didn’t do the shift before. I text him to ask if I had done something wrong for her to be so upset, and he calls her. He comes up to the store and she tells me that I am over sensitive and should grow up a bit. She knew I texted him and seemed fine with it. February- I come into work and she calls me into the office. She accuses me of telling coworkers she’s gone crazy (I haven’t) and never doing anything even though I have on record repeatedly stayed long after my shift ends to make sure everything is done properly. She fired me for “disrespectful and immature conduct and insubordination”. She says I’m a great worker but turns around and also insults me with things such as “you can’t seem to take any criticism or have face to face conversation” even though I’ve tried on multiple occasions to have a dialogue with her, only to be brushed off. She refuses to listen when I try to defend myself or ask what made her believe these things. She leaves and has blocked my number. Both manager and owner seem to be very close, and there are some more specific things that I don’t want to talk about here because they would identify me and where I work, but I’d be willing to be more in depth in a pm. I have never been written up at work, as far as I’ve seen my employee reviews have been nothing short of glowing up until right after I told my manager to stop harassing me. On top of that, according to two coworkers there had been gossip about me from manager and owner before I’d been fired. This happens every time a worker gets fired, and we are told not to talk about it. I feel so hopeless and I have no idea what to do. Is this worth even filing a complaint over? I don’t want any form of monetary compensation, I just want an apology for the work environment I had to deal with and to know manager won’t do this to the underage girls who work there, as I am the only one over 18 who was employed there. And really I want to know what the hell happened and why. What do you guys think? I have in writing prof of almost everything here, and for most of the in person conversations there are witnesses and cameras. She stopped speaking to me for the most part about a month and a half before I was even fired. The same time I told manager to stop. And she ignored any complaints made when she would speak to me. I don’t know how I’m supposed to make someone aware of something when they openly ignore every word that comes out of my mouth and refuses flat out to look into any proof. There are multiple attempts on camera to complain to her.  She didn't stop speaking to you until after you were fired. So she knew nothing about any sexual harassment before that. It does not appear that you have any kind of wrongful discharge case here. I tried. I sent her screenshots of some of the things he’d said after she refused to even talk to me. It was near impossible to speak to her about anything after I told him to leave me alone. I at one point told her the only time he’d speak to me was to be angry about something or other, and I was told I was too sensitive and to just see it as him being grumpy. I couldn’t tell her anything at all about him without being told I was over reacting.  I am not seeing anything in your post that you actually complained about sexual harassment to the owner. Did you?