 This first paragraph is not necessary to read for the legal advice I need, but this is just some backstory if you care to know. Last night I (22-year-old male) went out with some friends to a relatively popular young adults bar. After being at the bar for around 45 minutes as I was walking to the dance floor from the bar area, I saw this girl who I found attractive, I walked up to her and in the midst of greeting her, a guy who was relatively close interrupted me and took offense to me talking to her. I have no idea if they were together or what not but he basically wanted me to apologize to him, but sorry you don't get to choose who is off-limits to speak to in my opinion. He did NOT like that I didn't walk away immediately and grabbed my shirt. Naturally, I grabbed his shirt back, and after a few seconds of us both pushing each other, we both twistingly fell to the ground. Within a few seconds of me being on the ground, a bouncer picked me up basically and dragged me out, with my phone falling out of my pocket. Once outside this is where the story gets interesting. With both my friends being inside the bar still, as they did not see this happen, I had no way to contact anyone for a ride home. I walked back into the initial room where they check ID's to tell them my phone is on the ground and needed it to get a ride home. 3 large bouncers all told me I cannot get it and I can come back for it in the morning and I must get off the premise. I argued that they should at least grab it for me while at the same time walking outside onto the sidewalk. The 3 bouncers followed me, cursing at me telling me to get lost and that I was a disturbance. I questioned them "how was I a disturbance? Do you even know the story, you weren't there." The biggest bouncer then grabbed me in a stranglehold, and eventually threw me to the ground and then throat kicked me. As a reminder, this happened outside the bar's doors. I got up and noticed witnesses watching through the window. I motioned for some to come outside and luckily two did. One of them got a 3-4 second recording of the bouncer strangling me outside the bar, although she did not capture the beginning of it or the throat kick. My question is what can I do about this? This man assaulted me and could have seriously injured me. My neck is fine but is pretty bruised up. I have a recording of him having me in a choke hold strangling me, and I have witnesses saying they saw the altercation. I'm very angry and not sure who to turn to.  That’s the thing. They didn’t have my phone. They never did. Someone who was at the bar thankfully picked it up and called one of my emergency contacts and gave it back to me this morning. They were lying the whole time. NAL, but here are the issues I see based on things I've heard from people over the years. It doesn't matter that someone picked a fight with you, you were a part of an altercation, and from my limited experience, that's enough for them to remove you from the premise. It also doesn't matter you could walk out on your own, you already got into an altercation, and from a somewhat liability standpoint, they have an obligation to get you out. They let you walk out on your own, and you do something on your way out, they can be held liable maybe. Heard a story or two where that happened and the bar got sued. Not sure it is true though. The phone thing is a gray area. I think of it like when a company fires an employee, and puts them out without allowing them to get their personal items, like photso, and instead sends it later, or arranges for pick up later. Which the club did by telling you to come back the next day. As for needing a way to leave, well obviously I don't know the area, but I would guess the arguement would be, why didn't you go somewhere else to make a call, or ask a passerby to use a phone? You may report your side of the story to the police, who may /may not investigate. That's it.  It was negative degrees out, I had no way to contact anyone and lived nowhere close. Obviously, they didn't have to but me going back into the small entry room to simply ask someone to grab my phone shouldn't be enough for some brain dead bouncer to attack me while I wasn't even in the bar.  And they don't have to do either. You got 2 legs.  I never said I should not have been kicked out originally. Fair enough, but they refused to even grab my phone for me or even allow me to use a phone of theirs. They assaulted me on video. Outside the bar. Might not sound believable to you but it happened. Well number one they didn’t HAVE to remove me. Someone picked a fight with me and they carried me out when I could have easily walked out on my own. They then refused to grab my phone for me. That detail matters as well. They refused to even let me borrow one of their phones. I simply needed to a way to leave but instead they came at me and assaulted me. You can make a police report about the assault. As your story sounds just as believable as every "I was minding my own business when these people/bouncers/etc decided to attack me and clearly everyone else was in the wrong" post that dudes who get bounced by bouncers comes here with? I would suggest taking it as lessons learned to go when the bouncer tells you to go. You can take those video to the police and tell them you would like them to investigate charges against the bouncers. Not defending what they did, but the fact that they had just forcibly removed you from the bar, and then you tried to come back in is going to matter. I do have multiple witnesses though who are on my side that they did in fact assault me outside the bar. I was not on the bars property. My video also shows they are strangling me while I am not putting my hands on them at all. Given that you were not injured, this is probably not worth pursuing. A civil claim is not worth pursuing without significant injury. You could report this to law-enforcement for an investigation of criminal charges, but it will be the word of three bouncers against you. Three bouncers who just had to remove you from the club for getting in an altercation, and then had to ask you to leave when you tried to come back in. Honestly I don’t see this getting very far.