 Florida- Our rent policy is that you can pay before the 6th without issues or fee. After the 6th they put a harshly worded letter on your door saying pay within 3 business days or get out kinda of deal. We have paid rent late once in the 5 years we have lived here. I called the office before the 6th and explained it would be paid by the 8th. They said no problem at all, but company policy they have to put the big scary note on your door- ignore it. That was Nov 2017. So now this month. I called on the 4th to ask about options. The best option for us this month was to pay the 14th including any fees. I knew we’d get the note on our door on the 6th and it would tell us we had until the 11th. I called and explained the situation. We could have paid in full before the 11th, but it would have made our lives extremely difficult. Office manager just said “Ok, I hear ya” and got off the phone. I immediately sent a “per out phone conversation” email reiterating the conversation. No response to that, but the office doesn’t always respond. No today (12th) I just got a phone call from someone who works in the office (not manager), that we need to pay in full by end of the day today or they can legally lock us out of our apartment while we’re at work tomorrow (13th). I explained the situation and told her to look for the email from the 4th. She pretty much said she’s just doing what she’s told to do and office manager is out. I’m waiting for he office manager to return my call. So can I do anything? Am I just complete screwed? We don’t have money for a lawyer (duh we’re paying rent late). I’m just not sure if this is standard protocol and the office is required to do it, like the letter? Or if I need to find a place for my family to stay for literally 1 night. Direct deposit hits at 12:00am and it’ll be paid in full. We’re not bad people, we just had a car and my husband mouth that needed to be appressed ASAP.. We offered to pay before the 11th of this was going to be an issue. It preauthorizes so it won’t go through now It is different in my state we can accept the partial (or full but too late) payment and continue with the eviction as long as we formally notify the tenants that is our intent.  Did the office manager say okay you can pay on the 14th or did they just say “okay I hear ya.” If it’s the latter, they didn’t actually say it was okay. You said your check will be deposited at midnight. Why not pay now on the portal? Funds shouldn’t be removed from your account till midnight if they’re charging you with your bank info.  I wonder what kind of services a reality company would provide? If they change the locks they have to give you a key Live in Florida and went through the samething. They cannot lock you out. Don't be suprised if they don't accept rent. After the 3 day pay or quit they won't. You'll have to pay the court because they will file an eviction if they haven't already. Our is all done online, so the payment is automatically processed. I’m not sure how they would not accept it here.. unless they refunded your money. (In Alabama...) If they accept a partial payment, they would have to serve a new “pay or quit” notice and restart the clock. If they want you out and they know what they’re doing, they’ll refuse any payment after the pay-or-quit time is up. May be different in other states.  http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute Search_String= URL=0000-0099/0083/Sections/0083.56.html See (5)(a). If they accept the payment it looks you are good. This section also covers partial payments. They usually have a process they have to follow, like others have said here, if you look up state law you can see what it is. I do know it's more than a next day process regardless and locking you out is a treating action that will work against them in the long run. Even just threatening it should hurt them if it has to go to court. Maybe not much but still. I would keep the voice mail if you have it as evidence. I’m hoping the call was just a scare tactic they use when people really try to duck out on rent. They give us a monthly calendar that clearly shows “2nd late fee” on the 16th. I’m assuming they wouldn’t have a second late fee on the monthly calendar if they start the eviction process the day after the 3 days notice. I’m hoping it’s too much of a hassle for them.  That's understandable. (I am not a lawyer) But since you let them know your situations and that there was a plan in place to pay because of unseen costs, that should help your argument against eviction. I applaud you thinking to get names and info of people and having a paper trail. The fact that they didn't dispute what you emailed them about the conversation should help as well. Just document everything and everyone you talk to. Names and dates. Biggest saving grace. Thank you. I do really appreciate the help. Hopefully the apartment finds it easier to just let us pay and not worry about going to court. Thank you. I already feel like a terrible person not paying on time. The vehicle is what gets both of us to work. We share a car and there’s not reliable public transit here..  More than a day; here’s a breakdown from the landlord’s perspective: http://www.orlandoevictionlawyer.com/blog/articles/2015/06/03/how-long-does-the-eviction-process-take-in-florida Would a partial payment help at all at this point? Based on my limited knowledge thanks to Google, I read that if the tenet doesn’t vacate or pay within the 3 days, the next step is to file in court, but there’s a 2-3 day minimum time frame. If that’s the case it would be paid before the minimum days before they can file. I just can’t believe when I called they wouldn’t have just said “No well start the eviction process”.. Before fixing the vehicle, that I assume gets them to the job that makes the money to pay the rent? Cause if they lose the job, meaning no money income, then rent becomes even harder to pay. They made moves to pay the rent. They weren't saying that they weren't. So it's not a "I'm not going to pay you neener neener" but a situation where they have said, "this is the issue and I'm trying to pay you as soon as reasonably possible" which was accepted and understood. Meaning the eviction process needs to be followed, it need to anyways but since there was accepted conditions even more so. I guess i didn’t realize that they can still formally evict you, if it was paid 2 days later.. And if they accept that payment you’re likely fine. They could say “nah” and take you to court anyway.  Only a judge can evict you, not some slob that works for a reality company. The actual process takes a while to do.  Yes this is why I had a conversation with the office before anything happened. I said we will pay in full now if it’s an issue, but it would be easier for us to pay the 14th. Office manager said “ok”.  Eviction involves going to court.  Agreed. But the ultimate defense to being evicted is paying your rent, which OP should have done before fixing their car. They even said, they had the money, it just would have made things difficult. That would have prevented them from being in any eviction scenario, legal or illegal. I’m assuming a formal eviction takes more than a day? Thank you so much for this information. We really weren’t trying to screw anyone. I thought we were ok because I made the office was well informed via phone and follow up email.  which is followed by a formal eviction. Not changing locks. A 3 day Pay or Quit notice is legal in Florida. Unfortunately now that we thought we were fine until the 14th, we fixed the car and my husband had some much needed dental work done. So we’re a few hundred short until the 14th.  's them evicting you. No, that's them illegally evicting OP. And if they do so that's them potentially giving OP 3+ months rent and attorney fees. Ok thank you.. I didn’t even think about the eviction process. We’re paying too quickly to start a court process.  That person is an idiot. Locking you out would be an illegal eviction. 