 Hi guys So let me start off this story. I was on snapchat and saw a snapchat story. The post said "18+ Bankers message me to make money". I was in need of money so i messaged regarding this. We had a chat on the phone and he said this is legit and all we do is put money in your account and we withdraw the money leaving you with a share of this. It seemed ok to me at the time. So first what happened was we were about to start the process and my bank account got locked with 60 pounds inside. My contact ignored my messages when i said i need my passport back and gave fake promises that he will give it back for 2 weeks. When he gave it he asked for 40 pounds for the 60 pounds missing that he needs to give to his boss. He said he will give the other 20 which i find very hard to believe. I also know that these people took the money because when i unlocked the card it said 60 pounds withdrawn from the branch. Now he tried explaining all of this by saying his boss was fuming and refused to give my passport back. He then explained himself and it felt believable to the point i gave it a shot. They asked for my national insurance number and a copy of the passport as i refused to hand it over after last time. I suspect now this is a money laundering scheme and i need this to be explained to me if anyone can. Is this a real way to make money? Is it money laundering? What can they do with this information i have passed over? I felt this was legit as i found this guy through one of my friends who i trust. I asked him if this is a scam or not as this friend of mine is this contacts close friend aswell. He said "i asked him without mentioning your name and he said its not a scam and you can make money this way". This made it seem a ton more legit as i know my friend wouldn't lie like that and i know my friends friend wouldn't lie to him. I am really confused!?  You should be.   Translation: We scam people into believing that they've bought something (probably electronics or festival tickets), they will transfer the money into your account and then we'll transfer the money out. Leaving the papertrail ending with you. Damn you are one big numpty are you, you can bet your arse that they've used a copy of your passport to make people believe that you are the one scamming them. So if that account got locked after the first transaction then it is because the bank (and maybe the cops) believe (correctly) that you are involved in a scam. Yeah real in a sense that you'll make a little but will possible be facing criminal charges for money laundering/fraud.  You're laundering money. The dangers you could face will be based on your location.  No, the check cashing scam involves giving the victim a fake check and having the victim transfer funds. They don't need direct access to your account.  This sounds less like money laundering to me and more like a [Nigerian check cashing scam](), but either way I think the OP has been had. Report it to the police and your bank.  So in not really bothered about the laundering here im concerned about myself and the dangers i maybe could face  Your friend is either stupid or lying to you. It's absolutely a scam, your account is being used to launder money. There is absolutely nothing else that can be happening here. Did you even ask what their alleged business model is? Like, for what reason do they claim to need to place their money in the bank accounts of complete strangers?  I didnt ask read it right. We know each other through a friend. My friend is friends with him. So i asked my friend that i trust to ask him as my friend trusts the guy as friend. It's a scam.   What about this sounded okay to you? "Oh, we just give you money for nothing. It's so easy, why isn't everyone doing it?" No. This isn't a real way to make money. The penance you could potentially receive for allowing someone to use your account to launder money (because that is what's happening) wouldn't be legitimate or worth the risk. "i asked him without mentioning your name and he said its not a scam and you can make money this way". Well, you asked him. Of course the scammer totally told the truth. 