 In July, I had my twins 2 months premature. My insurance covers 100% after my $5000 family deductible. I have paid all of that in full. Now, 5 months later, the hospital sends me a bill for another $4700. My husband and I have been calling over and over again trying to figure out what in the world happened. Turns out the hospital sent us a bill ages ago that hadn't completely been processed by our insurance. So we paid that bill (around $3800) at the same time that our insurance zeroed it out. The hospital, presumably aware of this, never informed us or the insurance company. So according to our insurance company, we haven't yet met that deductible. We've called a million times over trying to get proof of payment and trying to get them to communicate with the insurance company. My husband was told he would be emailed a billing statement. Never received. So I called and was told they "cannot send billing statements by email." So they sent it by snail mail. Never received. Luckily I paid via check so I have the image in my bank statements. I also have payment confirmations saved in my email. What is my course of action here? I can't afford to have this sent to collections. We are trying to buy a house and cannot have our credit drop like this. The hospital is not participating and I really do not know what to do. Also, side note, when I asked them to report our $3500+ payment to our insurance company, they said "we do not communicate with insurance companies. Only the patient." This was a hospital billing department. Something is fishy... Please send help!! Thank you! Yea, we're in the process of gathering all of the information we saved from our insurance company. As I said in another comment, we just switched companies so we're no longer on this plan. They're making it really hard to access all of our old information, but luckily my husband saved a lot of it. He is contacting HR of our old company to fill in the gaps. Thank you so much for your advice! Thanks so much for your reply. My husband is currently going through all of our saved benefit summaries and any other paperwork regarding our insurance. The real doozie here is that we just switched companies, so we are no longer on this insurance as of November. So we're unable to log into our online accounts for the insurance anymore. We're contacting HR for our old company. They'll definitely be able to fill in any information gaps. Again, thank you so much for your advice. Thank you!  : Just got off the phone with my insurance company, who are now claiming that we owe $5,000 per member. So now I have them going through all of our past calls in which we were told we were only responsible for a family deductible. This mess goes deep. You need to read over your insurance policy and confirm what the family deductible is. If it is $10,000 and you haven't met that deductible, your insurer may correctly be informing you that they have no obligation until you reach that amount. It will be a pain in the ass, but I would try as much as possible to match up the itemized bill with and EOBs you might have showing what charges the insurance company received/processed versus which ones are on the itemization from the medical provider. That will show you if any charges were left off of the bill to your insurance, or if your insurance denied any charges as non-covered. And I’m just going to be 100% honest here - my customer service department reps are really nice, but not very well equipped to handle billing situations such as this. Ask to speak to the billing supervisor or billing manager. Usually when a patient gets all the way to me, I know it’s a real problem that I need to investigate. Be firm but polite, and you should be able to speak with them. The electronic health records mandate took a lot of “humanness” out of the process and our bills are so automated - if I pull documents and read for myself, I can usually spot right away where the problem is and what happened. That’s what you need - an experienced human being to review your case. Good luck.  An EOB is an "Explanation of Benefits." It will say exactly that on the documents. Thank you! We're having a sleepy blast over here! I hope your time is going just as well :) I will not claim to understand this process at all, so thank you for your explanation. I know something was up with that $3.8k bill. It definitely feels weird to me, and not being billed properly I think is right on the money. We previously received a bill for $28,000 and called the hospital to let them know that we didn't think it was right. They apologized, and said to ignore it because they had sent it out before it fully processed... It just really sucks because I know some people would just pay it. Maybe not $28,000, but something feels wrong about sending out a bill when you know it's not fully processed. Hi, thank you for your reply! My husband did get a list from our insurance company. I think maybe those were EOBs? I'm not sure what that means, but yes he got a list. I compared those to what I have paid, and the $3800 was not on there but the $4k+ was there - the one we just received. I'm pretty sure we were billed before insurance fully processed the bills, but again I have no clue. Thank you for being an expert in my time of need. I'll gladly pay the bill if I'm supposed to, but I definitely don't think I am... First off congrats on the twins! Our own twins will be 5 months on the 28th. It's a crazy ride! The insurance company wouldn't actually know what you paid or not. I know that sounds weird so let me explain. I'll briefly explain the process for paying out claims. The provider will send a claim to the insurance company then the insurance company will determine what amount is allowable then how much will be paid (less deductible or out of pocket max) and how much will be allowed to be remaining. The insurance company will not become aware of your payments towards the remaining balance, in fact some providers will bill you less if you negotiate. The billers do not report what you actually paid to the insurance. My thought is your initial claim $3,800 wasn't billed properly. Even though you paid this bill assuming it would count towards your deductible or out of pocket max, the insurance company did not process internally the allawowables or your balance. This is critical as they dont take into consideration what you actually pay, to them all that matters is what they respond to the claim billed to them by the healthcare provider. Your focus needs to be on getting the initial claim reviewed properly then having the provider of the new medical bill re bill this claim.  Medical providers don’t tell your insurance company how much you paid because it’s up to the insurance company to apply your benefits and keep track of whether you’ve met your out of pocket max, deductibles, etc. If you see multiple doctors, hospitals, etc it would be impossible for all of them to track your accumulations. Plus, just because and insurance company applies something to deductible doesn’t mean the patient actually paid that money to us, and the insurance company doesn’t really care whether or not that money actually changed hands or not. It sounds like the first amount you paid went toward charges that were either not billed to your insurance company, or were denied by the insurance. Have you gotten all of your EOBs from your insurance? It may help to compare those to your bills and see what’s going on. 