 Interior designer. I sent a proposal/contract to the client for design services. Deliverables are drawings and documents outlining Client approved design choices, (lighting, wall, ceiling, flooring finishes, furniture etc.) for them to use acquire merchandise and to provide a general contractor to build/install from. My terms are 50% down, 50% upon project completion. They sent me a check for 50% down per the agreement along with a PO. After I delivered the complete package, the client canceled the project and won't pay the balance citing the PO, which I didn't actually read or sign. The PO states 'interior design and installation due in 30 days.' My services do not include installation and I never represented myself as general contractor or fabricator in any correspondence or in my contract. My proposal indicates that I provide Design Services and corresponding documents for the client's general contractor to purchase and install/build. They accepted my documents at least 30 days past their PO due date without mention or issue. Thanks in advance for your help! Happy Holidays! So the max for small claims is $5000 in michigan. I would call around for a consult. The amount of $ is in lawyer territory. Thanks for the response. The balance is 20K A PO can be a contract. If I send a PO that specifies item, price; I can also attach terms and conditions - such as payment and warranty. Those can be legally binding. But this is different. It sounds like you and buyer had agreement for design services, and for the duration when you were providing product, you and buyer acted under that agreement. And then at very end, its "gotcha!" Because of one sentence on a PO that COMPLETLY contradicts the signed proposal (read: contract). Given that all previous discussion never mentioned installation - your proposal was for design, and I bet buyer never mentioned anything about you installing this. Send a demand letter for the balance and threaten to sue. How much $ is this over? IANAL