 My mom is pushing 70 and has been in poor health for the last 2 years. It started when she came down with an unknown strain of pneumonia 2 years ago which landed her in the ICU for 2 weeks and in a regular room for 6 more days. The doctors told her to be careful which we all have been. No sick grandkids over, extra handwashing and all that jazz. This is important for the actual question. Last week she went to her normal hair lady to get her hair colored. Halfway through the color her hairdresser said she was recently diagnosed with pneumonia and should probably be wearing a mask or not working at all. Today my mom had to go back in the hospital with pneumonia. Its the first time she's been sick since the last hospital stay. Question: is there any legal obligation to tell a client that you have a highly contagious and potentially deadly illness before you start? Can she sue the company or the lady for medical expenses since the lady knew she was contagious and knew my mom had all of these issues? Or is this a "at your own risk" type deal?  Hmm? Pneumonia in the medical setting implies infection. Pneumonitis describes lung inflammation in general. They can be glued around the mouth, technically. I think you should just stay home as well... but I think there is a difference between someone who actively touches other people in the course of work and me touching a doorknob But my point is that if you allow people to get into the mindset that the runny nose isn't contagious then the cold that caused it also isn't contagious. It is safer to say pneumonia is contagious to prevent that mindset from developing. This is a complicated issue, It would depend on the type of infection you hairdresser had and how far into her treatment she was. As an ER physician we typically clear people to return to work if they are no longer febrile. If the hair dresser had pneumococcal pneumonia your mother has likely been immunized against this(based on her age). It is possible the hairdresser had a strain she was not immunized against, but the statistical likelihood of her contacting pneumococcal pneumonia from the hairdresser days into her treatment from a organism she is immunized against is less likely than her getting a viral pneumonia or another type of pneumonia from the community at large. The other scenario is that if your mother is so impaired from a pulmonary standpoint one would think she should probably wear a mask because she could encounter a sick person anywhere. One couldn't hold every person liable in the community because they are sick right?  I'm planning on heading down to her tomorrow after I get my kids situated and we know more. This is exactly right. Pneumonia is a catch-all term that is not specific for infectious agents (though can be and usually is)- see interstitial pneumonia as an example. Furthermore, just because an pneumonia is infectious doesn't mean that its contagious to normal people walking around. Its the reason that not everyone gets a pneumococcal vaccination, just the subset of the population who are at a higher risk.  Typhoid Mary still needs to be reported to the Health Dept. regardless of being able to prove she was the procuring cause.   'm not sure if the mutation rate is known For well-known pathogens, BMR is pretty established knowledge. This isn't a super-complicated issue, and in fact using phylogenetic BMR calculations on bacteria is one of the means by which populations of animals can be mapped back in time, by analysing mutations in gut flora to suggest when different species may have split off. 'd need to sequence a few people e.g. in the area who might be one or two degrees of separation from the two people in question? It would depend _what_ caused the pneumonia. It can have several different root causes, and precedent has been set in cases where strains of sexually-transmitted infections have been used to identify sexual predators, particularly in child abuse cases, where the victim contracts a strain of an STI from their rapist who is subsequently identified due to their carrying that strain. It's far from definitive evidence, but it's more than purely circumstantial. Bacteria _do_ mutate of course, everything does, but strains tend to be separated by far more than just one or two BPs and so the probabilities of seeing one known strain randomly mutating into another known strain, such that ONLY the new strain exists with no evidence of the original strain at all, are astronomically remote. I would bet my last dollar against that happening. This is also why we sequence several different isolated and line-cultured single colonies - to reduce the likelihood of contaminating the DNA, even with single substitution mutants, and to confirm that we ONLY have that strain present by taking dozens of samples. HIV is a lentivirus, which is a subset of the retroviruses. Retroviruses are ssRNA viruses, which means their mutation rate is _extremely_ high compared to pretty much any other lifeform (insofar as you can call any virus a "lifeform"). It also means that the phylogenetic tree you produce is a little bit... different? It's a bit weird the deeper you get into the microbiology of it all. We do use BMR calculations to create phylogenies, but in this instance I don't think that's a super-relevant situation. There wouldn't really be the time or reason for bacteria to mutate _so much_ that strains are impossible to identify after only a single transmission. I meant that it would be trivial to perform sequence alignment, but I'm not sure if the mutation rate is known, so the opposing counsel might claim there was an intermediary person. I would think you'd need to sequence a few people e.g. in the area who might be one or two degrees of separation from the two people in question? This is speculation as biology is not my specialty so may not be relevant, but hopefully this clarifies what I meant. Tl;Dr speak with a specialist. I heard they did this phylogenetic tree work with HIV. At least a direct comparison would be evidence, possibly strong, but not irrefutable unless they sequenced everyone nearby? Unless a specialist is aware of some effect on the genome as an organism adapts to its host. Perhaps lawsuits over HIV transmission would have expert testimony that is relevant It's actually really easy to compare bacterial strains using genetic analysis - it's pretty commonly taught to undergrads in universities and has been for the last 5-10 years or so. However, it requires a viable, isolated colony from the person you're comparing it from, and that kinda necessitates that you have their consent or a warrant to take a sample from their body, which is the _real_ limiting factor. The technology to compare bacterial strains is easy as shit though, and is widely accepted in courts.  Actually, assuming a culture was taken (which there almost always is for an infectious bacterial disease) and some of the culture is still available or better yet, she's still got an active infectious load in her system, it would be child's play to do a 16S analysis of the two strains. However, you'd need to have a viable isolated colony from both individuals, and that would necessitate getting a known-good sample from the hairdresser - which, I gotta be honest, is unlikely as fuck before their immune system clears up the infectious load from their system. For those non-scientists who are interested, the technique we use for comparing bacterial DNA samples is called 16S rRNA sequencing and it's a very well-known and highly reliable method of fingerprinting bacterial and archaeal species, that's absolutely acceptable in a court of law.  You shouldn’t worry about legal advice, you should spend as much time with her.  You might be able to trace who caught an illness by sequencing its DNA and comparing mutations to others, but this might be very hard. I think the point they are making is a runny nose isn't contagious, but a cold that causes runny nose is. Pneumonia isn't contagious, it's a symptom, but the cause of that symptom may be infectious. Egg shell plaintiff rule  Well as a guy with short hair I think they'd manage, other hair styles or treatment might be more difficult. But realistically someone with OPs mom health would be taking a risk every time they are in contact with anyone. Maybe coloring your hair isn't a risk worth taking when you are in poor health. I'm not saying that the hairdresser should be working while sick. I'd say morally and ethically she is, and probably shouldn't be working, but legally I think it'd be a harder case to make.  Not being purposefully snarky but jusy how are you supposed to get your hair done if you have to wear a face mask? All of the face masks that I'm aware of hook/fasten around the ear. I am not a lawyer but a licensed cosmetologist. In Idaho the main goal of all “beauticians” is to minimize the risk of infections to everyone who walks through the salon doors. You may not be able to sue but I would contact the health department. Having a hairdresser that had a contagious disease and give it to another person is a big no-no. Especially since she said she should probably not be working or wearing a mask. Your immunity compromised mom should be able to walk into her regular salon and expect a certain level of cleanliness. She wouldn’t have been able to wear a mask when she’s gettin her hair cut anyways. So that’s my thoughts. You could talk to a lawyer and see what they say as hey would be able to unwrap the legal jargon of what is the legal “terms and conditions” that each cosmetologist agrees to when the get their license. But first contact health and safety. Then talk to a lawyer. You may be able to get more than you think. You may not. But in Idaho you would have some legal recourse.  Pneumonia is a symptom... lots of things can cause pneumonia. I’m pretty sure pneumonia itself is not contagious and just because someone catches the same virus as someone with pneumonia doesn’t mean they will also get pneumonia.  This isn’t an argument on ethics. The argument was liability and legal obligation. If you can prove the hair dresser was the source of infection and has intent to harm then go for it. I am waiting Edit: lol op just said it was heart failure put away your pitchforks people  Could get sputum samples sequenced from both patients.  You think that makes any difference? You don’t think touching files or door knobs after you at your work. How about the computer you work on if you have one? There are multiple ways to transfer bacteria and it isn’t just by touching someone Edit: I do agree with you if you are truely sick you should just stay home but i am just proving a point that going into their work and causes trouble with no way of knowing if they did anything to begin with is not the best way to deal with something like this.  The complaint could focus on the hairdresser rather than OP's mom. Like the hairdresser literally said, "I'm sick and probably shouldn't be working" and that seems unethical regardless if she passed it on to OP's mom or not. I don't touch other people as a regulsr part of my job... so me going in sick is not the same as a hir dresser or anyone else who riutinely touches others. Thank you for the info.  I saw your edit about the congestive heart failure, but if you can still look into Maryland's regulations for the cosmetology board if you want to know for future reference. I attempted to look at the regulations but the website wouldn't load for me. I also cannot speak for Maryland, but my state has regulations in the cosmetology laws regarding communicable diseases. My state also allows a person to file a complaint online if there are potential regulation violations. Complaint investigations may result in fines to a cosmetologist/cosmetology facility or some sort of board action such as a suspension of a license. My state cannot recover money for an individual, but investigations/inspections make sure that licensees are operating per regulatory standards. There is no obligation to disclose your personal medical information to anyone, true. That has nothing to do with HIPAA.  It is referred to in health care as chemical pneumonia. Pneumonitis is a symptom term that is also applicable to viral, bacterial, or fungal pneumonia. Pneumo is lung, itis is inflammation (which exists in most pneumonia cases regardless of cause). Here is a medical example of its use in John Hopkins Poison Overview (use the search to find chemical pneumonia down in the page) : ,p00852 It is less likely. IANAL but maybe your mom should talk to one. I don’t think she could go after the hairdresser personally but she may be able to file a claim with the salon for bodily injury. The salon didn’t make her aware that the hairdresser was sick (until after being exposed) and also allowed the hairdresser to work on customers. The salon’s negligence caused your mom to be hospitalized and she may be able to recoup any out of pocket medical expenses.  If it is caused by chemicals it is not pneumonia it is pneumonitis. Pneumonitis is the correct term for non-infectious pneumonia. No I'm not a nurse, I actually worked in PT and we had to send people home who showed up for their appointment with pneumonia. I have seen kids, teens, and adults, as well as my dog, with pneumonia. I've seen a child with viral pneumonia. Pneumonia is caused by fungi, bacteria or viruses which are infectious and they are contagious. You are not giving the infectious agents enough credit if you believe that you are not contagious. Pneumonitis is caused by chemical irritation. What I was objecting to was the commenter saying it is not contagious when in fact every time a person with pneumonia coughs or sneezes they are expelling millions of the infectious agents into the air and people who are more susceptible to developing pneumonia are put at risk because the person is convinced that pneumonia is not contagious when it in fact is considered contagious. Hospitals put people under infection control droplet precautions if they have pneumonia. This is poor advice. You are going to bust someone for going into work sick without even knowing if it was actually her/him. How many times did you go into work with the sniffles this year? You also don’t know the whole details of how sick the hair dresser truely is. Are they on treatment etc. It could have just been the common cold and they exaggerated. Grandma is more likely to have caught it everywhere else then that one hair dresser.  Ever hear of viral pneumonia? The flu is a virus: "Viral pneumonia is a complication of the viruses that cause colds and the flu."  The original person was claiming that pneumonia wasn't contagious. However when it is caused by infectious agents it is and there are some people out there that if you tell them pneumonia isn't contagious then they are going to walk around without a mask on even if they have pneumonia putting everyone at risk of getting sick from whatever caused their pneumonia and those people that are more susceptible to developing pneumonia at risk of developing pneumonia because they're convinced it is not contagious. Most people won't develop pneumonia but they will still get sick, maybe not with pneumonia but with an infection. Droplet precautions are a part of infection control protocol. You got practically zero chance. There is zero obligation to disclose medical to anyone. A doctor can still take care of you even if they have HIV. They have zero responsibility to disclose it to you and you cannot discriminate based on medical diagnosis in the workplace. The likelihood that she got pneumonia from the hair dresser is low especially if she is washing her hands, and doing everything she should. Old people get sick and pneumonia is one of the most common things. Even if somehow you proved that it’s the same organism how do you know it didn’t come from her food or even you for that matter. Bacteria, viruses and fungus is everywhere. Make sure you get good insurance and not be so sue happy. Also do take note so many people use the word pneumonia when really they have bronchitis or the flu. And if they hair dresser was on antibiotics there is much less chance of transmission. Edit: best advice I can give: work out a payment plan with the hospital, make sure you review the bill for accuracy, and don’t hire a lawyer. Any lawyer willing to take this case is just taking your money.  It's usually a secondary thing, like a cold gone really, really bad, but pneumococcal bacteria is a direct cause of pneumonia and is transmittable; that's why there's a vaccine for it. It can be, if viral, bacterial, or fungal, but there is also chemical pneumonia.  That's false. Pneumonia can also be caused by various irritants. Look up chemical pneumonia. While this is clearly not what we're talking about, this has devolved into a semantics argument, so it's important to understand that the original person, although not clear, was correct.  Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. Pneumonia implies the pneumonitis is caused by infection, but not all pneumonia is transmissible person to person. The most obvious examples are Legionnaires and some zoonotic infections. Pedantic, but this is a legal sub. Your mom in poor health could have literally picked this up from anywhere. The doctors' instructions suggest a poor immune system. The question will be why your mother didn't immediately stop getting her hair done, scrub her hands, and get out of there. A not-small number of diseases are caused by germs we already have in our bodies causing mischief. Lots of ear infection are caused by Haemophilus species, which is normal skin/respiratory flora. Pneumonia is a lot more diverse than you're giving it credit for. You're only seeing (I am guessing you're a nurse?) old people with strep pneumo. Legionella, PCP, and many others look different and come from different places. The flu itself is unlikely to cause pneumonia. A bacterial infection after the flu weakens the person is much more likely.  . I've worked in healthcare and we would put all pneumonia patients on infection control protocol. Wait, what? Beyond droplet precautions, and even then... Not always. Witness "walking pneumonia" caused by Mycoplasma, a variant of pneumonia that will happily sweep through a dorm or barracks full of healthy teens. That's fair - I realise that saying 'pneumonia is not contagious' may lead people to think that 'the disease that has caused the pneumonia is not contagious' - which is a dangerous conclusion.  Point that out to the person that said pneumonia in itself wasn't contagious. I was informing them that it in fact was.  Pneumonia by definition is due to infection. If you want to refer to nonspecific lung inflammation, you would call it pneumonitis. Maybe I should have been clearer. Their original comment said pneumonia wasn't contagious, however, medically it is considered contagious if it is caused by an infection because when the person coughs or sneezes they are releasing the infection into the air in the form of droplets. That is what I had an issue with. I've worked in healthcare and we would put all pneumonia patients on infection control protocol. While you are correct that it is typically a secondary outcome saying it is not contagious is dangerous and leads to situations like this. Ianal. There might be a civil claim as the burden of proof is much lower. But that would really depend on the judge. No, their comment is reasonable. Pneumonia is typically a secondary outcome from an existing infection that could be caused by many pathogens. Their mom caught have caught their illness from anyone in the street who had a cold or flu. Without pathology you can't reasonably show the hair dresser was the source. As they said 'gotta know the infection' if you want connect it to the hairdresser I imagine the hairdressers lawyer would argue "If your mom is that immunosuppressed why isn't she the one wearing the mask all the time." Your comment makes no sense. Pneumonia is an infection of the lungs. If the flu virus migrates to the lungs it becomes pneumonia it is no longer the flu. A cold is the effect of a virus. I was pointing out that yes pneumonia is contagious depending on the cause. You can get pneumonia from someone else.  Although it seems there is no legal recourse, you could certainly inform the hairdresser and her boss(es) of the circumstances. They should be informed of the potential ill effects of the hairdresser's carelessness. I'm sorry your mother is sick but I'm not sure if there is anything to be done unless the hairdresser was intentionally spreading an infectious disease. You'd also have to prove that this hairdresser was her point of infection which is a tall order. It's the same argument when people ask if they can sue Equifax because they had their ID stolen just because Equifax had a major breach. Good luck proving it was that specific breach that was the source of the ID theft. People that are immunocompromised should take their own protections and wear a mask while out and about. Arguing that others should be burdened because of their ailment seems a bit outrageous. What I was trying to say is pneumonia is an effect, not a cause. Alot of things can cause it, even a cold in someone with a weak immune system. Gotta know the infection first. Depending on the cause of pneumonia it can be contagious. If it is aspiration pneumonia it is not because it is caused by the person inhaling something that doesn't belong in the lungs, ex water, food. Any type of pneumonia caused by non-infectious agents is not contagious. Bacterial, viral and fungal pneumonia is contagious, because those are infectious agents, and the hospital I worked at would put those patients on droplet precautions. The contagion was transmitted by droplets when a person coughs or sneezes and those patients were required to be in a mask when out of their room and any staff and visitors had to wear a mask while in the room with the patient. I highly doubt she’d get very far with trying to prove that whatever organism caused the pneumonia came from the hairdresser. Hopefully someone else comments with an answer about any potential legal obligation to protect clients’ health but from a healthcare standpoint, it’s a stretch. Not a doctor or lawyer, but is it the same type of pneumonia? Pneumonia itself I dont think is contagious, it's caused by a number of different virus/fungal/ and bacterial infections. First thing is say is find out if they were both the same type.