 My landlady has only been renting for 2 years and we've rented from her for all of that time. We had our yearly inspection a month ago and as of last week, she's demanding my husband and I repaint a bathroom in the basement because she no longer likes the color it is. Her reason is that "It isn't pretty to her anymore and she doesn't like when things aren't pretty." She is texting me daily asking if the bathroom has been repainted, sent me swatches and telling us the brand of paint she wants us to use and is asking to come over to see it. She said we have a week to get it done. We don't know if this is legal at all as we're new renters and after reading through the tenant rights PDF and the lease, it doesn't say anything about this situation. She's not covering the cost of any of the paint and supplies either. Can we say no to her sudden dislike of off white walls? No kidding. She got upset that we didn't invite her to my youngest son's 1st birthday.  BOUNDARIES, bro. Yikes. The problem with that is getting her to actually show up. Lol she is never on time and every time texts 10-15 minutes before the appointment that she will either be incredibly late or to reschedule. We joke that she's like the cable guy and will show up between 2pm and Tuesday.  She can come over any time after she gives you the appropriate notice. And then when she sees the bathroom isn't painted you can hit her with either [this]() or [this]() I’m sure she doesn’t have to go that far; the Animas river surely has enough sand for her to do that… She kind of is. I mean we like her in general but she's hard to reach, harder to understand (her Ukrainian accent is thicker than peanut butter), and in 2 years has never ever been on time for anything at all. I can almost guarantee that she will text me within 15 minutes of an appointment to say she'll be extremely late or to reschedule for another day. I am a landlord and I would never expect my tenants or even want my tenants to change toilet parts. Then again scheduling is very easy with me. Changing light bulbs are far from $50. To me it sounds like your landlord is looney.  5bdrm house, 3 minutes from my husband's work, 4 blocks from my oldest's school. We're paying rental market value for it at $2000/month. Not really a crap deal when those small things like lightbulbs, small holes from the TV/furniture anchors, sink parts and toilet plumbing are easier for us to replace/fix than to ask her, wait for it to get done and have to schedule with her to be here when the repair happens. Basically small stuff we'd fix anyway. It costs us more than $50 in pay to miss a day of work to be here for stuff like that. It's not like we're fixing stuff every day lol You are in charge of paying $50 repairs? What kind of rental is this! I’ve never heard of that. Unless this place is dirt cheap that is a crap deal.  She can not make you paint anything. She might be a pain in the ass this year trying to get you guys booted, she most likely will not renew your lease next year. It would probably be a good idea to look into other living accommodations for when that happens, a lot of places have longer waitlists.  Beach sand and desert sand are quite different and what is suitable for one purpose may not be for another. If you’re making glass or concrete, you want desert sand. If you are replenishing a beach, you want beach sand. There is no substitute. IANAL, so I can’t say what’s best for pounding. Adding to this, I would probably do the labor myself in this situation. ..... at about $100 an hour. Sounds like a plan. Just make sure to save any documentation where she states the purpose of the painting is for her desire for the color to be “pretty” and not the result of needed repairs due to damage or wear and tear. If the documentation is text messages, take screenshots and remove her contact so the number is clearly visible and identifiable to her. I've gone over the lease several times since she started asking. There is a repair section, in which all repairs under $50 US are our responsibility which is not an issue as we've made several repairs to the home since we've moved in like new sink parts, replacing the plumbing in the toilets and just general stuff that just kind of wore out over time. The house had been painted prior to our moving in because the previous tenants had two teenage daughters with pink and purple bedrooms. She's not willing to take it off the rent or to reimburse us. So I'm not going to sweat it if there are no legal repercussions for not doing so.  There is plenty of sand in Fountain Creek, a max of like 10 minutes drive for her.  + Let us know if there is any indication on your lease about “leasehold improvements, in substitute (in-lieu) of rent”; basically if you perform work, your rent is to decrease by supplies and labor cost, to equal the same amount of rent for that give month or period. Essentially, your landlord is to reimburse you for your work. + From a tax perspective, any work that you do (in this case your labor for painting and all supplies involved) to improve the property, i.e. not because you damaged the property and need to repair it (there should be a repairs section in your lease) is considered rental income for her and she needs to report it. [Here is a helpful guide that explains the tax laws on this fun little situation you have.] () In most cases, as I mentioned above, your work should be directly offset by reducing your rent for the period by that amount. + Personal example- I rented a house with a .75 acre yard (~60% of a football field). The lawnmower that came with the house was broken and could not be repaired. As a result, I contacted my landlord and they offered a non-motorized yard clipper for free. I told them due to the size of the yard that was unreasonable and needed a powered mower. They deemed it reasonable to get a mower and we agreed that my rent would be offset by what I paid for a new mower (they gave me a limit as to what they would reimburse me for, $150) with the stipulation that it would stay on the property when I moved out. My normal rent was $1,675 a month; I paid $153 for a new mower and provided the receipt to the landlord, and with the $150 limit, I essentially lost $3, but for that month I paid $1,525 in rent. On the landlord’s side, my check of $1,525 and the $150 mower (improvement) for a total of $1,675 (my normal rent) was rental income for them that month. + If she’s adement you need to pay for it, and she won’t reimburse you, small claims court will tell her to kick rocks. No, she can't force you to do labor and she certainly can't make you pay for it, if it's not in the lease. Tell her no and to stop harassing you, and if she threatens you with eviction, you can take her to court. I have already, as well as documents from the inspector when we moved in. I bet all those other renters have issues with her beyond late payments and property damage... She probably tried to pull this on them too. Make sure you document the condition of your place thoroughly and back up your photos, etc. Do not send more crazy down here, we have enough already! (/r/floridaman) For the record, Florida also has sand. You can try something like “We really appreciate your want to have our place upgraded and really appreciate that when something in your unit doesn’t meet your own standards you want to make sure it’s fixed. It’s really thoughtful. Right now we’re not in the position to paint it ourselves, but we’re okay with the walls as is and it certainly has never bothered us. If you’re dead set on having it painted though, let me know how you’d like it handled and we may be able to make sure our things are clear if you’d like to handle it yourself. Again, we’re totally fine leaving it as is, it seems like the lowest effort and cost for everyone involved, but if there’s something we’re missing just let us know! Thanks!” This assumes you are willing to make an accommodation for her of course, but if not, you can just use the first and third paragraph with small changes. You can always tell people to pound sand but considering you have a business relationship with this woman and will need her cooperation in the future, stoking her ego while saying no may be the better way to go. Basically your under no obligation to paint. Tell her If she wishes to re-paint the suite she can hire someone to do it or buy the paint and do it herself or wait until you move out to re-paint We're on a year lease which we just re-signed hence the inspection. She can't make you paint, but if you're month-to-month, she can end your tenancy (with appropriate notice). I honestly don't know if she intends to sell. They have 5 other properties taken over from her FIL and has mentioned repeatedly that she wants us to stay as long as we'd like because we're the only ones they've not had issues with, ie: paying rent in full and on time, not damaging the property etc. There's no mold issues as we had the property inspected professionally prior to move in due to my severe allergies and respiratory issues. The only issue we've had with her is her constant mother hen-ness. We've been very up front with her that this is a business relationship and nothing more. We were very plain about that. She is very needy. Sounds like one of the following: she plans to sell the property, and doesnt want to tell you for fear of losing your rental income (sounds like a mom and pop landlord from OP) your unit has had or currently HAS a mold or moisture issue. I was an office assistant for a near-slumlord who would regularly paint the walls of 3 units in particular of the building I worked at because there was a hurricane that caused some moisture problems in those 3 units... if the tenants didn't see the mold discoloration on the walls at move-in, and disnt report problems during their tenancy, the landlord would claim it was a tenant-caused issue when inspection time came around or if it came to court. your landlord is just a moochy douchy fuckwad who is -- essentially -- harassing you. Keep a detailed -- PRINTED/PRINT WHAT YOU HAVE -- record of calls, times, dates and texts of the communication.  NAL. I would hop on task rabbit and price out the labor, and call sherwin Williams or whatever to price out the materials. Next time she bugs you, reply with “We’ve looked into the requirements and here they are:” with the quotes. Add a “Hope this helps!” If you’re feeling snarky. At which point the conversation is about money, and you can focus on which month of rent it should come out of. I’m willing to bet she drops it. Under no circumstances should you pay for this or modify your schedule to see it through.  If she wants the bathroom painted she needs to pay for the paint, supplies and provide the labor.  I think locally sourced sand would more than qualify for adequate pounding, but it's nice to have an option that involves a nice vacation (and getting crazy out to California where it belongs). Lol The original color. We've not painted anything. It's a very standard off-white/beigey color. Literally the exact same color as every other wall in the house. Just for clarification, did you change the paint color in the room or is it the original color? Tell her to go to California. When she reaches the western edge of the state and she can look at the Pacific, tell her to bend down. There she'll find some sand. At that point she can take a mallet and pound away. No she isn't paying for any of it or offering to reimburse. Is she paying for all of the supplies, and paying you to paint it? If not, tell her no thanks, you're OK with the color of the bathroom. Hahaha, if there's no damage. She's asinine to think you are in charge of painting the room.