 Hello and thanks for reading. In the Spring of 2017 I rented a car through a budget car rental in Germany while on a study abroad and purchased a insurance policy covering damages over 800 euro. While on the last leg of my trip I accidentally added a fuel additive that pretty much wrecked the engine, and me and the other 4 people in my group needed to tow the car to a garage and find our way home. At the time we had no idea why the car broke down and were communicating in good faith with the rental agency in good faith, and in August 2017 I was contacted and asked to pay around 17,000 euro (!!!) for the car repair. For the past year or so I have been emailing back and forward with the car rental agency and was insisting that I am only liable for a little over 1,000 euro for the towing and refueling fees and the amount agreed upon in the insurance policy. In August 2018 I was sent a letter to my home address in New York from an debt collection agency licensed in Florida that evidently purchased the debt from the European car rental company. They are only asking for the converted 1,000 euro, which I am willing to pay as I did indeed mess up big time, but I want to be positive that if I pay they will not continue to come after me for the rest of the debt. After asking for and receiving proof they had bought the debt and the agency credentials, I am mostly convinced they are not a scam, but the payment portal is asking for the last four digits of my Social Security number to login, information that the agency does not have (should not have?) and that I am wary of giving out. I am corresponding through email and through paper mail and keeping copies of all our communications. I have since moved to California but do not want them to have my newest address so they are corresponding via my parents address in New York and my email. So my two biggest questions are: What is the best practice for confirming this agency is legitimate and is it normal to need to enter part of my social security number? How can I ensure that the mutually agreed upon partial payment of around 1,000 euro will mean an end of my contact with the debt collection agency and the car rental firm? Would calling the agency to ask about the confirmation they will provide be a bad idea?  About the insurance: What did the insurance cover exactly? In Germany, insurances have two sides, damages for the people you hurt with your car and for damages of the car. If you have coverage of damages of the car, it is called "Teilkasko" for patial coverage, and "Vollkasko" for full coverage. While an insurance for damages of others are mandatory in Germany, insurance for damages on your own car not (but generally used). So, if and how much debt you have towards the car-company really depends on the nature of the insurance. It depends on that if there are more claims could come your way or not.