  Landlord informed us they are scheduling a tenting next month and we have to be gone for 2.5 days and the only compensation is a reduction of rent buy the pro-rated amount for the 2 nights. And we wont receive the pro-rated deduction until the following month. That's all a pretty big hassle in of itself but I kind of understand because tenting is a huge cost and hassle to them. But on top of that, they sent me 'notice and release documents' that I need to sign. These forms are from the fumigation company and the "release of liability" releases them of liability if the fumigation has to be postponed due to weather, says that I have to bag up any perishable food/medications and if they find any unbagged they can either dispose of it or bag it for a $20 fee per bag, and, finally and most importantly, the notice that I have to sign also says the fumigation company does not provide security and does not take any responsibility for theft/vandalism, oh and by the way all of the windows are left open. Any advice on how to handle this? Other than this I am happy with the apartment and would rather not risk not being able to renew, but it seems foolish to just sign 'release of liability' forms for a third party I am not contracting with for no reason. CA LL here. What an inconvenient thing to happen, but it’s necessary out here due to termites and whatnot. This is new to me, so sorry I can’t offer great advice on it but will do my best. What would happen if you were the homeowner? The terms sound like something a homeowner would have to sign to rent their own home, in which case maybe this isn’t a big deal? Lots of companies have big lists of legal boilerplate or terms and conditions that you have to sign to work with them (think about every Terms and Conditions you agree to on your phone or computer). If these are the same as those, than you probably don’t have anything to worry about as it is just how they cover their butts. My advice is to call your LL and politely state your concerns. Ask what their advice is to secure your property while it’s tented, etc. If they can’t answer your questions, see if they mind you contacting the vendor directly to ask those questions. The compensation sounds right to me - you don’t have to pay for the days they unit is unusable. Again, remember that if you were the homeowner, you would still have to do all that prep, pay for the service yourself, and no one pays your mortgage while the house is unlivable. Hope this helps! Good luck and Let us know how it turns out! Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.