 My friend owns a semi-detached house and the other attached house is owned by someone who rents it out. The newest tenant has a dog that whines and barks all day while they're out. My friend works from home so this is very disruptive to him as he's there all day with this incessant loud whine. They have contacted the neighbour's landlord multiple times who says he'll talk to his tenants but nothing ever changes. My friend already has a full wall-to-wall bookshelf against the adjoining wall in his office so the sound is as dampened from his side as much as it could be already. When the neighbour comes home, the dog is quiet so there are no noise issues at night. While technically you can call police here for excessive noise during the day time as well, I don't think the volume of the dog's barking is loud enough for the police to consider it their problem. What action can he take to resolve this? I have no precedence, I'm simply suggesting you try it. I love my dog, if animal control showed up I'd be far more nervous than if my landlord threatened to bring eviction proceedings against me - since I know my rights as a tenant, I wouldn't really be worried about that. But I might be afraid of Animal Control the way a parent would be nervous of the CAS. I can't promise it will work, I just think it's worth trying. I know how the LTB works but with regard to animal control, do you have any precedent for them removing an animal based on the fact that it barks and whines during the day? I don't think they can do that legally unless they animal is being abused or neglected. A tenant can be evicted for noise complaints, but not easily, nor immediately. [And even less immediately, since Ford has frozen hiring and the LTB is understaffed and there's a backlog.] Animal Control may really be a faster option. They could remove the animal immediately if they deem it necessary. You can evict a tenant over noise complaints. More importantly you can threaten to evict a tenant over noise complaints which sometimes gets some action. If the animal isn't being abused, is there any action they can take? The call I'd make is not to the police, but to animal control. They have the power to investigate and take action. The landlord can only do so much; in Ontario they can't legally restrict pets, nor evict a tenant over this issue, so their hands are tied. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.