 On Friday I went into my Urologists clinic to get a standard vasectomy. Everything leading up to the procedure went well and as far as I could tell the procedure went fine. I was done and heading home within the hour. But I was feeling this immense pain between my testicles and my right leg and within an hour they had swollen up to a orange size. I called the clinic and was told swelling is normal and check back in two weeks. I fell asleep not knowing better and woke up 3 hours letter with the swelling up to now a soft ball. I called back and they told me to hang-up and contact 911. So I did and was rushed to the hospital as I could no longer walk at this point. I sat in the ER for 6 hours until I was admitted and told I would be having surgery for a scrotal hematoma Saturday morning. All through the night the swelling and pain increased. To the size of a cantelop and the skin was tight. I went in to surgery around noon and they stopped the bleeding and got the clot out. Later Saturday I was discharged with a stint in to help keep it draining. Monday I went back to my Urologist to get the stint removed and was told they can't. I was told I can not return to work until it is removed and my next appointment we would reevaluate the situation. Problem is that appointment is set for the 27th due to her taking time off for the holidays. The office would only schedule the appointment around her availability per her instructions. I have started the process for short term disability and FMLA from work but this seems very weird to me. My urologist won't let anyone else see me and she's acted very weird since Monday. Now I am stuck in a painful situation. Was wondering if there is anything I can do to possibly not let this ruin my life. What you experienced is a potential side effects of a vasectomy. A hematoma occurs in less than 5% men depending on the study. I would assume this was disclosed to you has part of consent release paperwork you signed for the surgery. Sorry this happened to you but unfortunately this surgery isn't as easy and painless as they make it sound. Sounds like you need to go to a different hospital and get a second opinion. That's nothing to let go and fuck with. Yeah there's swelling but not that much swelling.  Usually in these cases the first thing /r/legaladvice does is tell you to contact a lawyer. I would suggest that even before doing that, you schedule an urgent appointment with a competent urologist. Time she's spending covering up her mistakes is time where you can have irreversible damage to your reproductive function (although you probably don't care too much since you got a vasectomy) and you need to get a legit doctor to fix you (no pun intended). To be fair, if you don't have any long term effects other than complete loss of reproductive function what are you even going to sue over? Your Urologist can't prevent you from seeing someone else. Go to a different doctor to get a secondary opinion and if necessary post that, get a malpractice lawyer. Medical malpractice is beyond the scope of this sub. You can contact a lawyer that specializes in medical malpractice. If I were you I wouldn't go back to the same doctor that caused the injury in the first place. I'd also suggest waiting to worry about the legal issues after you get your balls fixed. If you are asking about a medical malpractice case, you can sue the doctor if you can show she did something below the established standard of care,. Vasectomies have risks and something going wrong is not automatically malpractice. In addition to showing negligence you will also have to show damages (a single ER visit isn't going to be worth anything), such as repeated doctor visits, impotence, etc