 Hello everyone! I have a question about potentially unethical business practices from a car dealership. I went to a car lot and was looking at potentially leasing or financing a car. As we were looking at cars, the salesmen said to my face that if I signed the lease I could change my mind and take the car back to the lot, implying in my opinion that I could simply just return the car whenever I wanted and be done with my lease payments. Well I took his word for it and signed the lease, thinking that I could drive this car for a few months and make my $400/month payments and if I really liked it ill just take it back and buy it outright, or just take it back and lease another car. I thought it was the best deal in the world. Well I signed the lease. Then I did some research and found that I was paying way to much in interest. I called the dealership a few weeks later about possibly returning the car and they didn't believe me when I made it clear to them that I was told I could take the car back. Claimed I misunderstood what the conversation was about. I'm not interested in fighting this case in court because its clearly just a "he said she said" and I am swamped with work for the next year and a half (60 hour weeks), but I am definitely interested in going back to the dealership and seeing if they can make this right. Anyways, my question is, what kind of fraud is this? Is this a civil case? A criminal case? where do I even start? let me know if you have anymore questions. good advice thank you! Dealerships want the sales associates to make sales. People hear they're getting a good deal on something and they forget to think. You would be surprised how often this happens. Take it as a life lesson and never sign anything without reading it again.  Yes. He said "you can change your mind and return the car whenever you want". I mean legally speaking I can take the car back, I'm just going to have to pay off the lease too. I get what your saying though. Slimy and scummy move? Yes Illegal? no But is that what he actually said, word for word? Did he clarify that there would be no penalty for returning the vehicle, or did you ask him to clarify his statement? Hey! Did you read the post? He explicitly told me that I could change my mind and return the car back to the lot whenever I wanted. Hey ! I've only owned the car for 3 weeks and a day and have put 46 miles on it. And yes I am an Idiot! However, thats essentially what a lease is, is it not? You drive it for 3 years then return it to the dealership, or buy it from them. For some reason I thought there must be something illegal about a car salesman lying to a customer only to put the true contract in small print on the back of the lease.  How did he lie to you? I agree with you that there is no "case". And yes I agree with you that this is all on me. I definitely did not do my due diligence. And thank you for answering my question. I assumed that there had to be something illegal with a sales associate lying to a customer to make a sale only to put the real terms of the contract on the back page of the lease. Im kind of surprised to learn that is not illegal to be honest. But hey, I made the mistake and I have to live with it. Thank You! Correct. I did not read the back page of the lease, where all the lease termination fees are. I mean surely something can be done? I don't think Honda wants one of their sales associates just walking around lying to customers? There’s nothing you can do, and there is no car dealership in the world that would let you just drive a car for a few months and then return it. There is no “case.” The dealership did nothing illegal, and it appears you didn’t do your due diligence by not reading the lease before you signed it and not questioning what was said by the dealer.  Let me guess, you didn't actually read anything before you signed it? 