 Not sure if this is a great place to ask but really not sure what to do here and dont want to have to hire an attorney and spend thousands of dollars for advice. I have a rental property, a lady signed a 12 month lease, moved in, 2 months later tells me she is moving out, mentions something about a custody agreement and her kid being forced to go to school in New jersey. I say ok, but you owe me early termination fees, 2 months rent penalty and forfeit your security deposit based on the lease agreement you signed. She then claims something about being a DV (domestic violence) victim and having a PFA/restraining order against this guy so she claims she is able to break lease whenever she wants. There is a law regarding this, but its vague, and I would assume it applies when trying to get away from an abusive living situation, not whenever you want. Common sense would say its for DV victims to get away from an abuser, not to use months later when youve already moved away from the abuser. She was alone in my property, she had already moved away from the situation where there was a domestic violence issue prior. Just feels like she is using it as an excuse to get you of paying anything. Im still unsure whether or not she is right or not here, I believe she is abusing that law to her advantage. Also, im second guessing whether or not the early termination fees will hold up in court or if a judge will say they are excessive.   (b) Upon 30 days' written notice, which 30-day period shall begin on the first day of the month following the day of actual notice, the tenancy may be terminated: (6) By a tenant who is the victim of domestic abuse, sexual offenses, stalking, or a tenant who has obtained or is seeking relief from domestic violence or abuse from any court, police agency, or domestic violence program or service; or This is what Delaware law states regarding domestic abuse and terminating a lease. Its not not very specific on whether the abuse needs to be happening in my property or not Delaware What State is the rental property in? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.