 Recently bought a house that along the line someone has turned into a duplex by adding an interior door in a basement hallway and adding a kitchen to basement living room. My wife and I don't need the downstairs place so we are going to live in "unit 1" and rent out "unit 2" until we want additional room. Unit 2 has 2 bedrooms. We are going to rent each one as a room for rent and have the kitchen, bathroom, hallway, laundry room, living room and entryway for house as shared living space. We plan to have the space shared between both tenants and us so we have access to get in if we want (though likely never will as unit 1 has everything we need). Prior to listing it and securing a tenant I want to make sure we are protected legally. How can I go about ensuring I have a good lease agreement written? What should I require from tenants (insurance policies etc., plan on doing 1st last and security deposit as well as background checks)? What insurance policies should I be looking for for myself other than regular homeowners? Anything else I might be overlooking? Thanks for the help. Thanks for the reply. For some reason I have convinced myself we could screw up some FHA law and lose our house but it doesn't seem too complicated. Do you have any websites you particularly trust to pull a lease? Also anything I should take into account for the two separate occupants in unit 2? Some sort of written agreement on "house rules" for them to help settle disputes?  Tenanat leases are one of the most common contracts available there are a ton of websites that offer a good one for a very cheap price. Office stores also carry them and thats what I use. DONT WRITE IT YOURSELF. Get your deposits and do a background check, call references too! You can require they have renters insurance, there is basically no downside IMO. Even when i didnt require it i strongly advised them to get it. Call you Homeowners insurance/agent and advise them of what you are doing. They may have to make an endorsement or cancel your policy but if they do just get a carrier that can do it. The only reason they may cancel is due to the shared living space which isnt a fit everywhere. As a general tip I also advise to list it for a little more than you think you should rent it for. Does two things, prevent cheapskates and also gives you negoitating room if possible.