 I knew this public figure personally, we hung out on several occasions. I believe I might have incriminating evidence about this person. We spent an evening together during which he supplied me with alcohol, although I was underage at the time. To my dismay, he also had brought narcotics with the intention of abusing them. These were OxyContin pills that he was prescribed after a dental procedure several months ago. And so obviously these pills were no longer needed. He encouraged my consumption of alcohol as well as the narcotics. He convinced me by claiming we would experience “a subtle and pleasant buzz.” He suggested that it would would provide a temporary relief from my demons. He and I drank heavily that evening and consumed the drugs, ultimately leading to my serious overdose. This man was fully aware of my struggles with a major depressive disorder. He was aware of the fact that I was taking antidepressants. He took advantage of my vulnerable state, and knew I would do anything to find some relief after struggling with depression for several years. And he was certainly aware of the dangerous interactions between antidepressants, narcotics, and alcohol, as he works in pharmaceuticals. When question by police, he confirmed these factors to be true. He was fully aware of the danger. And yet, he put my life in jeopardy. Perhaps his tragic flaw is that he is honest to a fault. Or maybe he is just so disillusioned that he saw no wrong doing on his part. This incident was very traumatic. I spent a week in the hospital recovering. After being discharged I was subsequently admitted to a psychiatric facility for several weeks. At the time I was enrolled in school, and I had to drop my classes because of this. After receiving intensive treatment, I was contacted by the defense attorney overseeing this case. She wanted to move forward in pursuing legal action. She claimed that this incident would be considered an illicit sale of narcotics and illegally supplying alcohol to an underage person. However, she was most bothered by the fact that he knew I’d been struggling with depression yet he supplied me with harmful substances to be abused. As far as I know, there does not have to be monetary exchange in order for it to be deemed a sale. As much as I resented this man, and the situation he put me in, I was afraid to pursue any legal action. Especially in light of the fact that the DA mentioned that this could become a major news headline- this man was well known public figure. This frightened me. I was ashamed of my actions and I feared judgment following public exposure of this incident. I have not yet fully recovered, mentally and emotionally, following this trauma and I’m afraid that I never will. I still hold so much resentment toward this person, and now being in a slightly better state of mind- I regret not pursuing legal action. And so my question is- is this a legitimate and punishable offense? And how can I proceed with legal action. I am also curious as to what the statute of limitations are regarding this incident, as it occurred on February 2, 2017. Any advice or suggestions would be greatly appreciated . Thank you.  District attorney would be the proper term. My apologies.   Statutes of limitations are measured in years, this is well within that time frame. You can try contacting the DA again if you still remember her information / can find her online, or the police