 Title says it all. My boyfriend was finally able to escape her abusive boyfriend of 3 years a month ago. She lost her job because of him and has no income. She moved into her friend's basement so she could start finding work and get her life back together. She never called the police on him, but I can't tell you the number of times he's given her black eyes, beat her, and he is especially fond of covering her mouth and nose and choking her. He is an alcoholic and a drug addict with severe rage issues and cheated on her frequently. He's currently on probation and is usually in and out of jail. I was so ecstatic that she finally worked up the courage to leave him. Today she found out she's pregnant. She said she couldn't live with herself if she got an abortion, so she's keeping it. She has not told the ex boyfriend yet. I have no one to go to for advice on this - my dad is an alcoholic who lives 5 hours away in the middle of nowhere, and our mother has early onset dementia and does not have the mental capacity to grasp much anymore. Our family does not have any money and we have no support network. Bottom line is this man is NOT good to be in a baby's life and NOT good for my sister. I have spent the past 3 years worrying that he's going to kill her, trying to get her to leave, and failing. What sort of legal recourse do we have here to keep the baby away from him? He still wants to be with my sister, so when he finds out she is pregnant, he will be ruthless about taking control over her again. He has a job and a place to live and money saved whereas she has nothing, not even an associate's degree. Any advice about the issue would be extremely appreciated. Thank you in advance, Reddit.  As she reached out to any battered women's shelters/organizations? That's where I would start. They have all the information on how she can best navigate the system, what her best options are, etc, and can probably refer her to legal help experienced in cases such as hers. As much as I understand OPs sister's reluctance to terminate, in this case it just really feels like the right thing for her welfare. I mean, if she has a child by this monster, she will be tied to him for life, in one way or another. It makes me sad to consider the future she has, and the likelihood of her going back to him when she's a struggling single mom with no job and few options. A kid is the worst possible thing for her to bring into the mix. Would she consider giving up the baby for adoption? It might be the best option for the kid in the long run, and she could then wash her hands of the father once and for all. Google "legal aid [your city]." There are generally lawyers who will help victims of domestic violence for free. She needs to realize that her ex will get partial custody. Is she prepared to co-parent with him for 18 years? And if she is homeless, he might (might) get full custody.  It's not the baby's fault who the father is but if she keeps it, she isn't just tying herself to an abusive alcoholic druggie for the next 18 years, she's tying the baby to him, too. Adoption sounds like it would be in the child's best interest. Although if he knows about the pregnancy, he can refuse to sign off on an adoption. Family law You mentioned that he was on probation. Talk to an attorney to find out how his criminal record may help. Depending on your state the bar is very high to prove someone unfit. At the very least she would want supervised visitation if it comes to that.  I doubt he would give up his rights voluntarily. Towards the end he was even saying to her "I should just get you pregnant so you can't leave me". Looks like he followed through. Sounds like we'd need to wait for him to do something else abusive and report it to even stand a chance against him?  At some point in our lives, most people need legal help. You'll have to contact one in your state or area and go from there. An attorney would work too. I suggest to research into it. The one who doesn't win custody would have to pay child support in most cases. That's what I'm afraid of. She has pictures of what he did to her, but nothing filed with the police. I'm wondering if there's some sort of organization that helps abused women in situations like these, because like you said, if it's his kid the law will say he gets to be involved.  I suggested getting an abortion, but she says she couldn't stand the guilt of terminating the pregnancy. We aren't even sure she'd win custody because she has no money, no job, not even a place to live right now. What type of lawyer should we call? Sorry if that sounds ignorant, I've never had to call a lawyer of any type before.  Once he's established paternity she would probably have to prove that he is unfit or a danger to the child unless he is willing to give up his rights voluntarily. She should consult an attorney familiar with the laws in your state.  She has pictures she took of herself of bruising and text messages. One time she called his parole officer for help, but the officer was on vacation, and by the time he was back she lost her nerve. She doesn't want him in her life but she's afraid of him. She also said she couldn't bear adoption because it's not the baby's fault who its dad is.  Is there a certain type of lawyer she should contact?  Honestly, in my opinion, don't raise someone else's baby. I would say go with the abortion. I know how it sounds, but even religiously, the bible for example has even supported abortion below a certain amount of time of pregnancy. Support her through it. If you both absolutely don't want the abortion though; legally he could cause a lot of trouble for you both. Talk to a lawyer on your legal options before that can happen. Obviously she would win custody, but that doesn't mean all the trouble in the long run would be cheap financially. A lawyer would save money.  Realistically, she should move away or terminate the pregnancy. Legally, there is nothing to keep him from filing for paternity and shared custody. Without any documentation of the prior abuse, it will be a long hard expensive crawl through the legal system.  She needs real legal advice. Was any of the abuse documented with photos? Does she want to keep a baby of an abuser that will forever tie her to him? Has she considered adoption?