 Came home to find officers and my LL at my house. Officers told her she can't change locks and she said she has to think about giving us copies of keys. Cops said we can file for illegal eviction. I noticed when the police and LL left that my signed Ray Lewis Ravens helmet was gone. My girlfriend later noticed all of her wrapped up Xmas gifts were gone. Police came back out and filed report and did fingerprints and the officer said he is going to do a trash pull at her house in a few days as he fully believes that our LL stole it all out of spite because we could not afford rent for the month of December (I worked in the restaurant industry and made $7 and $12 my last two days working in it, so I had to find another job and I have only seen one partial paycheck since starting the new job) Our landlord has some screws missing. Not gonna lie. She cannot speak or reason with us on a mature calm level. We let her know as soon as I got let go that we wouldn't have rent...only to come home to missing CHRISTMAS GIFTS! fuck my helmet from my childhood - who steals CHRISTMAS GIFTS?! we are just at a loss. LL won't reply to us.  That's fine. Civil suits like this operate on preponderance of evidence, not evidence beyond a reasonable doubt. If you include those amounts in your claim, and if your landlord has no other explanation for who might have taken your property that makes any sense, there's a good chance you'll be awarded that amount anyways. You have a clear theory - that she entered the unit, took your property to cover the outstanding rent, and changed the locks. Thing is we have no proof that she is the one that stole it all . All of the fingers and red flags just point to her. The cop agrees and gave me his personal cell phone to help us. You can include the value of those gifts and the replacement value of the helmet in your suit against your landlord, if and when you get to that point. Other expenses you can probably recover include the cost of your temporary accommodations, if you have to pay for them, and the value of any other personal property your landlord withholds from you. Maryland also allows you to seek up to $1,000 in punitive damages on top of your actual damages. Get yourself into a safe home, inventory what's missing, and then head down to the county courthouse and ask about the small claims process. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.