 My 70+ year old dad was at an outdoor event by himself when he fell, apparently on his head. His wife answered the door to find my dad standing there bleeding and lacerated. She asked them what happened and the EMT (presumably) said he fell and they brought him home. Then he just turned and left in the ambulance, leaving my father there. My dad looks frail and older than he should due to a recent illness, and knowing him, I'm quite sure he insisted on going home. However, this is a little old man with a head injury, how can they just listen to him? He was disoriented and confused when he got home, and his wife took him to the hospital. He had bleeding on the brain, and was there for over a week. He narrowly avoided needing surgery. He has no memory of how he fell or the 10 days after, and is still in the care of a small army of doctors. My questions are can they actually do this? And if not what should my stepmother do? Also, she's received the bill from the ambulance as well.  Some services bill for refusals (which is totally ethically wrong in my opinion, but that’s another topic.) If he was truly disoriented, of course, they were in the wrong to let him refuse transport. OP’s mother should request a copy of the run report. Competent people can refuse care; her story was that he was disoriented and confused when he got home. Also, again, the ride home - if you're a patient from an emergency I don't take you home; if you're refusing care then you don't go anywhere in the ambulance. Even pretend they were trying to "just do the right thing" and giving him the ride home... where'd the bill come from? Why didn't they dress the bleeding wound? I'd love to see the run report on this one.  Even elderly or very sick people have the right to refuse care. In my agency, if he was conscious, alert and oriented to where he was/who he was/what happened, he has the legal right to refuse transport. We’ll certainly to try to convince him to go, and we’ll have him sign an against medical advice form, but in the end if he’s competent to make his own decisions we can’t overrule that. Several of my partners at work have had to let patients go who were having actual heart attacks. I don’t know what’s up with the ride home though. That seems weird. Maybe he initially agreed to transport and then changed his mind while on the way, and the medics decided that taking him home would be better than leaving him alone somewhere? The ride home is what makes this seem so much stranger than just taking his word that he's fine, regardless of the head injury. I can understand from a patient's rights perspective, but is there a point where the health of the patient over rules that? I feel like an elderly person with an obvious head injury would make sense to take in. I'm just wondering. Reach out to the management of the ambulance company that sent you the bill and talk to a supervisor. I work as a 911 EMS provider and no, this story does not wash. We don't give rides home from events. In most states, the only destination we can transport to is an acute care hospital from an emergency scene. If he was seen and evaluated at the event, they should have recommended transport to a hospital OR had him sign a refusal of medical attention form. There's no way an EMT leaves a patient bleeding on a doorstep.  Competent people have a constitutionally protected right to refuse medical care and medical transport. If he was responsive and passed their initial evaluations, they would have had no reason or cause to overrule his refusal to be transported. I understand and empathize with the reality that it seems he has suffered concussion-like symptoms, but the system errs on the side of the patient's rights.