 The situation: I used to be paid by a company that creates YouTube content. I created all branding, contributed to creation of content, and was all around a part of this channel. there was never a contract of any kind. I would do work on site but would receive a 1099 because I was not an employee. I am no longer a part of them, however, seeing as it is YouTube and they continue to use my content from years that I was there and after I was there - they continue to get revenue but I do not get any compensation. My Question: Just as paying royalties to use music, for example. Am I out of line or is it pointless to pursue compensation? I've contacted a few law firms that do copyright and internet law, but they have not followed up with me. One of the things I am confused about is what type of law this falls under. I also am not quite sure what to do, or who to contact. Thoughts: I know that litigation is not always the way we see may see it in our mind. For me, I see that they use my likeness and content and make money. I feel owed for as long as they use it and get money. I also know that not having a contract of any kind was a bad idea for both parties. But, again, in my mind I would assume (doesn't mean it's reality) that one could argue that I would have access to compensation just as much as they do because it's nebulous. \I haven't worked with them in a few years and everything I have made is used regularly at this present time. I hope this was enough information to help get some questions answered and look forward to any advice, as I'm kind of lost in the whole thing. Thank you.  [removed] Not having a contract / agreement to be paid in place may be bad for both parties, but it is certainly bad for you. It sounds like you were essentially working for free, and then they started paying you. Many people create content/media/software for a living - this does not mean they are the copyright owners of the work. You can simply be paid to create something. It doesn't matter how they use it / profit from it later - if it was work for hire than they more than likely own it and unless you have some written agreement detailing a different copyright / revenue sharing situation there is probably very little that can be done that would be productive. It's a copyright matter.  I mean that the details of the arrangement may matter. Determining whether you might be entitled to something (which doesn't seem particularly likely) requires understanding all of the facts.  In general, if they told you what to do, and they paid you, they own it. Beyond that, it is a fact-based inquiry that will likely require you to have your own attorney.  If they specifically asked you to do the work in exchange for money, it will likely be considered work for hire, which makes them the copyright owner. You were paid for your work. If you want ongoing royalties, you need to negotiate for that at the outset. 