 Bit of a complicated story. My wife and I were financing a vehicle and had been paying it for nearly 4 years. It crossed the 100,000 mile mark recently and started giving us trouble. Since it was a luxury vehicle, maintaining and replacing parts for the vehicle was getting too expensive. We decided to trade in the vehicle to the same dealer we got it from and hopefully get into a new vehicle. The dealer informed us that we had $15,000 of negative equity. This seemed accurate, since I had checked the value of my vehicle and the remaining balance of my loan before heading to the dealer. In the end, they told us that our best option was to get into a lease. When the lease was over in 48 months, we would be free of the negative equity. My payment would go up from $750 to $950, but I would be in a brand new car with no issues on the horizon. Maintenance was also included for the term of the lease. The only problem was, we hadn’t seen the new vehicle and they were already trying to have us sign the paperwork. We asked to see the vehicle and they finally brought it out. We didn’t get to test drive it or even discuss the features. Since it was dark outside at this point, we couldn’t see the color of the vehicle very well either. They told us it was a dark gray color. We felt like we were out of options at this point and since we were desperate to get out of dying car, we accepted and signed. In the two days since finalizing that offer, we noticed that the car didn’t have features that we had been accustomed to (sensors, blind spot detection, heated steering wheel) and we were also not happy with the color of the vehicle. We have always owned black vehicles and while it might sound silly, we were paying a lot for this vehicle and we wanted to be 100% happy with it. We returned to the dealer and let them know how we felt. In the beginning, they told us that they couldn’t do anything about it. We expected them to do that, so we pushed. Eventually they started running numbers again and we were looking at a slightly more expensive vehicle with everything we wanted and more. The vehicle was only $3000 more overall, and our quote went up by $150 to $1100 a month. We were able to negotiate more mileage and features in the end for the same price. When we were signing the papers for the vehicle, the sales manager mentioned that we needed $700 down. That had never been discussed previously, so we let him know. He then left to talk to someone else and came back and told us that he had made a mistake and that the deal was being done with no down payment. We finished signing the paperwork and we were off with our new vehicle without a worry in sight. Now comes the problem. The sales manager has been calling us and saying that they never collected the $1500 down payment for the first lease we signed. We had never discussed a down payment for either of the leases, so we were confused by what he meant. Apparently, they had written up the first lease with a required $1500 down payment. However, the first leased vehicle (the gray car) was returned the same day we got into our second lease. We also signed (the sales manager did as well) to give up ownership of the gray vehicle when signing for the second lease. The sales manager was initially saying that we will not get our tabs if we don’t give them the $1500 down payment for the first lease, which makes no sense because we paid state tax and title fees for the second lease and the first lease should not be affecting that. Now he is saying that we need to return the vehicle if we don’t pay the $1500 down payment that was due for the first lease. Is the contract for the first lease even valid at this point? We signed over ownership of the vehicle back to them in order to get into our second lease. Can they actually force me to return the new vehicle even though there is nothing about a $1500 down payment in the current contract? If I do return the vehicle, would they just give me back my old car with 100,000 miles on it? It doesn’t make much sense. Wouldn’t I have to sign new paperwork in order for them to give me back ownership of my old car? I don’t plan on signing anything at this point. This was their mistake. I plan to keep the vehicle that I am currently in. I don’t believe they can repossess the current vehicle over something that I apparently owe for another vehicle that they already took back. Tl;dr I traded in my old car for a new leased vehicle. The dealer rushed me and I didn’t get to fully inspect the new vehicle. I returned that new vehicle two days later and got into another new leased vehicle that I actually liked. Sales manager says I owe a $1500 down payment for the first leased vehicle, something that was never discussed. Sales manager says that new tabs won’t be sent out for my current leased vehicle if I don’t pay the $1500 that I “owed” for the first lease. Now the sales manager is asking for the current leased vehicle to be returned if I won’t pay them the $1500. Can they legally collect the $1500 from me if there is no mention of it in the current contract? You are taking out a loan to pay back another loan. You did NO research on the vehicle yet signed for nearly 1k a month in car payments because a dealer 'pressured' you. Thats just absurd. Do you even know if the lease terms are a good deal? Or do you just not care enough about money to make informed financial decisions?  15k of negative equity, and paying a car note of close to a grand. Unless you're at the level of rich where 15k is nothing. [removed] You need to go over your 2nd lease paperwork super carefully. Does it make any reference to the first lease? I can think of two ways they could have done your deal: Deal 1: They tore up the first lease entirely and just re-wrote lease 2 from scratch. If they did this, you would see a financed amount that reflects the final cost of your new car and some additional negative equity from your trade-in, and no reference to your first lease. If they did it this way, then you don't owe any down payment from lease 1 because that lease was cancelled. Deal 2: They did some kind of lease-swap, where they built lease 2 on top of lease 1, adjusting the amount financed to compensate for the increase in value. If they did that, then you would still owe any down payment from lease 1, because you were implicitly getting credit for that in the numbers for lease 2.  Great questions to ask the dealer's sales manager. You wouldn't be responsible for making the monthly payments on it, but you might be responsible for some miscellaneous fees (like an early termination fee or non refundable deposit). Lease agreements are long, but the last page (the part that shows you all the fees for the lease) is usually pretty clear to read/understand. I would visit the sales manager with a copy of the first lease agreement, and ask him specifically where in the lease agreement the $1500 fee is. If he can't show it to you, but still advises he will hold back the 'tabs' (I'm assuming that's a registration sticker of somekind), I would politely advise him you'll be reaching out to: (1) the manufacturer's corporate relations team, (2) the general manager of the dealership, and (3) the state Attorney General. I am NAL but I recommend going to one 