  I tend to get verbose, and was trying to keep it short. Hopefully it's still clear enough. Child's parents were not married to each other, but had been cohabiting for over a year, when child was born. Mother was still legally married to previous husband, so he became the legally-presumed father. No father was listed on the birth certificate. Child was given bio-dad’s last name, not mom’s or presumed-dad’s When child was 4 years old, mom’s first marriage was finally dissolved, and she married bio-dad. It did not go well. They were divorced about 3 yrs after being married. It’s been about 3 yrs now since that divorce was final. Questions remain about paternity. 1. Before child's birth, Dad was made aware of the Texas Paternity Register. He never registered. 2. Between child's birth and mom's divorce from presumed-dad, mom attempted to establish legal paternity through TX AG's office, but abandoned effort at bio-dad's insistence (he feared a support order despite their cohabitation). 3. During their brief marriage, mom gave bio-ad a signed Acknowledgment of Paternity. He never filed it. 4. They agreed in their (mediated) divorce that he should be adjudicated the child's father, and it was so ordered. Dad never filed that court-order with Vital Records, either. That was 3+ years ago. (of possible relevance: presumed-dad never denied paternity, and has been un-locatable throughout all of this) At present, the child is 11 years old. Mom gave dad these 4 chances to put his name on the birth certificate, but he \still\ hasn’t. He seems to want the controlling aspects of 'parenting', but not so much the responsibility and accountability. Mom hasn’t been obstructive – giving the child his name and all of these opportunities to make it official would seem to show that – and they share parenting 50/50-ish (he declines parenting time occasionally) But he’s paid no support, nor has he complied with the ordered medical support. Just basically not being a very accountable dad in any sense. But he is abusive and neglectful toward child and mother in mental/emotional ways that are nearly impossible to prove and generally not actionable under TX law anyway. Mom would like child to be \able\ to maintain a cautious relationship with bio-dad, but not be \forced\ to be under his thumb when he's not being abusive and/or neglectful. But mom is poor. There's no way she can afford court costs (we're talking gas-money not filing-fees that could be waived) let alone legal fees. So here’s the thing I'm wondering about. Is adjudicated-dad the child’s legal-dad if he’s still not on the birth certificate after all of that business? I know there are time-limits on claiming/denying paternity in some cases, but this doesn't quite fit any that I can find. Or is presumed-dad actually still legal-dad since adjudicated-dad hasn’t followed through? Or IS there a genuine legal-limbo situation here? It’s kind of confusing. Is there a statute of limitations or anything like that - on “claiming” paternity within a certain time-frame after it’s been adjudicated? Does paternity ever "revert" to the originally presumed-parentage due to lack of action on the adjudicated-parent’s part? Child wouldn’t be legally fatherless without adjudicated-dad. They’d just have an absent presumed-dad, like they did for the first 7 years of their life. Presumed-dad wouldn’t be around, but he wouldn’t do any harm, either. And child has a modest trust fund established by mom’s family, to be used for the child's support and maintenance. It’s not huge, but it's worth more than a lifetime of guideline-child-support, so the child would not be unsupported regardless of their legal paternity. If bio/adjudicated-dad IS legal-dad despite all of his evasion of accountability, does he have to be? Is there any practical way to challenge (overturn, cancel, annul… IDK what word might be quite right there) that adjudicated-paternity-status? Like, can anyone say something that amounts to “OK judge, you gave this guy this status, and he had all these other chances, but he still isn’t insuring the kid, or even putting his name down where it counts. He doesn’t seem to \want\ the status he was given, and the child will be fine without it. So can we just go back to the presumed-father the kid had initially and call it a day?” If so, how would that be done?  No bio dad is the legal father if you understand everything correctly. Her first husband will not revert to being the legal father in any case.  That’s how I read it too No, not him. He's perfectly happy with the situation. He is emotionally abusive to both mom and kid, and emotionally abusive and neglectful to the kid. He's knowledgeable about and careful of the law, and doesn't hit or do obvious things. He knows exactly what he's doing and seems to enjoy it. CPS (involved by the school due to the kid being suicidal) told mom that they know the kid is harmed, and the dad \seems\ to be emotionally abusive, but a qualified mental-health professional would have to tie those things together and confirm it in an official way that \this\ particular abuse is the reason for \this\ particular distress and mental harm to the child. No one can just take the kid or the mom at their word about that. Their paperwork specifies mutual consent for mental healthcare. He won't let the kid see a therapist who is qualified to make that kind of call and willing to provide evidence in court. Lawyers consulted briefly about trying to "modify" their parenting agreement have said similar to what CPS said - very unlikely that a court would take the kid's word or mom's word for the abuse, and if he won't let a professional near the kid - (shrug). "Maybe he'll do it in front of a mandatory reporter" is the best they've offered. And that's highly unlikely. He waited until legal marriage to start abusing mom, and waited for adjudicated paternity to start abusing kid. And he's always been very careful about the presence of witnesses and the possible presence of recording devices. Mom is looking for ways to protect kid, but modification doesn't seem like it'd be likely to do much good without having more concrete evidence of the abuse and the effect it's having on the child. There might still be some potential gain in an \enforcement\-action... he might be re-ordered to actually pay for the health insurance, and use the parenting app more diligently maybe, but he likely wouldn't. And that won't make him less abusive or give the child any more access to a therapist who would be qualified to evaluate the situation - that'd still be subject to dad's consent, anyway. But it would certainly anger him. So mom thinks that would be a high-risk/low-gain idea and isn't a fan. \I\ was hoping that mom was missing an angle - that dad might have screwed up by passing over all those opportunities, and that there might be a way to just kind of go around him so that mom could be the only legal parent in the picture and \get\ the kid the help they need, and get the evidence needed to pursue modification for the kid's sake. Sounds like that's a bust, though :-( Thanks.  As in the bio dad who.is now legal dad trying to undo it? No. He is the dad. No going back now.  Yes, it did. Is that challenge-able? To be clear, the divorce decree adjudicated bio dad as legal dad, correct? If so, then he is legal dad. 