 Especially around heavy shopping seasons when traffic is berserk, I often try to wave people to make their turn before I make mine. A few times, people have seen my wave and assumed that it meant the coast was clear, so they would start pulling out only to get honked at by a passing vehicle. When my intention was to imply that they should go before me only once the coast was clear, could I be held accountable if they didn't look and got hit?  . Upon further research it appears Ohio does not impart liability onto waving (barring negligence) it cannot be taken as a sign that it's safe to cross Source is for cycling and doesn't give details, so I'm happy to be corrected. Brief googling shows that for Ohio at least that's based on a court ruling 55 years ago determining that wave merely means you're yielding the right of way. That means it's going to be fact dependent if that shields you or not. For example, a wave might not make you liable, but what about a thumbs up? What about a situation where you don't have a right of way to yield? As a general rule, you are exposed to legal liability if you wave someone on and they take it as an all clear. It's not a guarantee that you will lose in court, but it can certainly happen.  Edit, your link is for Oregon. Upon further research it appears Ohio does not impart liability onto waving (barring negligence) [it cannot be taken as a sign that it's safe to cross]() Source is for cycling and doesn't give details, so I'm happy to be corrected. It will depend on location and the facts of the case, so I shouldn't have spoken so absolutely. This case doesn't match the description though, as the waving driver stopped in a through lane without the intention to turn. In the scenario described, op is legitimately stopped. You're right though, that if one acts negligently in stopping or waving it can impart liability. It's remarkable that juries would take waving to be an assertion that it's safe to cross rather than the much more common indication of giving permission.  This isn't right. Here's a random example of someone being held liable: -- allowing the driver of a Subaru to make a left turn in front of him -- was 35 percent responsible for the crash that ensued  Breaking the rules of the road almost always endangers somebody. Don't be nice when you're driving (I don't mean you should be aggressive), just do what you must to remain safe and legal.  Oh :( I had the best intentions, but now I know No you're not liable. But waving people on this a really dangerous practice. It might seem nice, but emergency Personnel call it the "wave of death" for a reason Stop waving people. You're not a traffic cop. Let the driver make their own determination. 