 God. Where do I start? I was coming home from a Lovely Christmas shopping break with my family (Me, 17 Y/O m. My brother, 11 Y/O m. My dad, 40 Y/O m and my mum, 38 Y/O f) Berlin airport is a particularly stressful experience at the best of times, however, one airport worker made it hell for us all. As we were coming up to the departure lounge with our carry-on luggage and 2 backpacks, we were shouted at to join a separate queue by an airport worker who seemed friendly at first. It was then that she started acting extremely hostile to us all, being very cold and mean. This is particularly harmful to my mother, my brother and I as we all have ASD, on top of my diagnosis of depression and anxiety. (One of my major triggers is long distance travel, made 100X worse by this bitch) as we became more and more visibly uncomfortable, the airport worker began to suck more and more money out of us in between bouts of hostility and very distressing gestures. I believe she got around £100 out of us in total, after revealing to us that our carry-on cases must be checked in. (They fitted inside the assigned space perfectly, without force) I am not so worried about the money, I have more issues with the emotional harm caused. The money was just the tip of the iceberg, however... as my dad put the money out onto the desk in front of her, she began to yell at the top of her lungs in multiple different languages. This caused the family to try and diffuse the situation with a little bit of help from another kindly airport employee. This only made the whole situation worse. She yelled some word in German and a heavily armed policeman appeared!!! She then exaggerated the whole situation, making it seem like it was all our fault. I speak a little broken German and I could make out that the woman behind the desk was calling my father “filthy Scottish swine” The policeman then pretended to speak no English so that we couldn’t try to explain ourselves (we saw him speaking a little English in the check-in line) All of this became too much for us all so we paid the charges, which weren’t mentioned to us on the flight to Berlin, and I broke down sobbing in a corner. My own mother was also crying and there were tears for at least the first hour of the flight. What do, Reddit? I am so very worried and sad. Let it be known that our family and everyone will never fly RyanAir again as long as we live. Thanks for listening to me ramble