 In July of 2015 I was arrested in Oklahoma county in Oklahoma for felony possession of lsd. I was 18. Part of my plea deal was that I would cooperate in a first degree murder and kidnapping case. It wasn’t something I was involved in, more like I dated a girl with an obsessive ex boyfriend and he got it into his head to kill me and ended up killing one of my friends. I got a 3 years deferred sentence, with a 2 years unsupervised probation. I was to take random drug tests for 2 years through a third party lab. In early 2017 I failed a drug test for marijuana and was told by the third party lab that they would be submitting a probation violation. Also, right around this same time I was arrested for a city charge of possession of marijuana and after 6 months that was reduced to disorderly conduct. I talked to a criminal defense lawyer shortly after these occurrences and asked his advice. He said the county would never know about the city charge and it would be best not to report it to the DA’s office, and that the positive marijuana test would probably have a warrant in the next 2 weeks but that it would in all likelihood not result in a termination of my deferred sentence. He said to contact him when the violation was submitted and the warrant was issued. The warrant was never issued and it has now been close to two years since the failed drug test and almost a year since the date of my probation ending but as it was unsupervised I was never officially told that I had successfully completed my probation. The end of my deferred sentence should be coming up soon and I don’t necessarily know what to expect. Do deferred sentences usually have a court date or anything along those lines. In none of my paperwork was I ever able to find a court date. If the violation was never submitted do I have anything to worry about? I’m now 22 and have made leaps and bounds in becoming a more responsible, contributing member of society. I have a trade, and have gotten my defaulted student loans paid off and am hoping to go back to school. I have paid all my fines off, and was once told by a DA’s staff member that if anything would have had my probation revoked it would have been not paying my fines. Should I start looking into lawyers as the end of my deferred sentence comes nearer? I was a young and stupid and dealing with a lot of mental health issues, and it seems ridiculous that I could be a felon for something as petty as psychedelics and marijuana as an 18-20 year old.