 I took two weeks worth of medical leave off following a mental health relapse at the end of January. The day I came back, the hours I was scheduled for were completely fine. By the end of the same day, my employer had revised the schedule and drastically cut my hours to the point where I will not be able to avoid basic living. I didn't say anything, and figured I'd give it a few days to see how next week's schedule would look. From there, she put up the following month's schedule, with myself still at the docked hours. I've been working for the same employer for nearly three years, and this has never been a problem until the day I had returned from my medical leave. I approached her to ask about what was going on and when my hours were going back to normal, and her response was something along the line of, "Well, I guess that's all up to you. I just need to make sure you're back up to par." And I just stood there in silence, from which she looked uneasy and then reverted to an incident back in the previous fall to use as an excuse. For context, I was hired in to work 8-5. After being hired in, my company changed their hours from 7-4, which I begrudgingly came into work earlier. We eventually hired in another worker who would come in at 7am, and I was cleared to come in at 8. When this worker left the company, I was moved back to 7, and told my employer multiple times that I needed to come in at 8 due to transportation and due to a sleep disorder. She declined, and I did my best to come in at 7. This past fall, I was late a few times, and eventually sat down and explicitly stated that I need to come in no earlier than 8am, and since she had just recently hired another person, she said that was fine. My hours were changed and I had no problems from here on out. That was over two months ago and I've been on time every day. Instead of pining this on my medical leave, which is what it sounded like when I spoke with her, she jumped back and scrambled back to a past issue that was remedied prior and to my medical leave. Am I protected from the leave, or am I pretty much screwed? That's what I was thinking. If it was such an issue previously, I don't know why it wasn't addressed any time prior to Nov. when it was an 'issue' and instead waiting until the end of the day I came back. Thank you for the advice!  The timing is certainly suspicious. As is her statement about you being "up to par" You should consult with an employment attorney about her retaliation for your use of FMLA leave