 I am just curious if this is possible. Background info: My mom’s nail salon is one of the cleanliest and high quality nail salons out there. She uses materials that cost her a bunch of money, and thus the prices are relatively high (ex. $55 for manicure and pedicure, $40 for just pedicure, etc.). All the technicians have over 10 years experience and are some of the best in their field. Also, her customers tend to be more upper class and there are hardly any (if not, at all) of those customers that like to complain and get a refund. With the holiday season, many customers come in, which is a good thing. Unfortunately, this year, it also brought this one deviant customer (who came here for the first time, ever) that demanded a refund the day after the service. My mom did the service herself, and she knew she did it to perfection. The lady called the next morning complaining about callouses, it being horrible and whatnot, demanding a refund. My mom, hearing this, was absolutely infuriated, as this customer took up space for other customers who had called after her and didn’t get a spot (yes, we were that busy, booked almost all day the day before), and since she knew that the service was done perfectly without any issues. The crazy lady demanded a refund, and threatened to leave a bad review. So, my mom told her to send a picture to the nail salon’s email, and even directly to her cellphone, but the lady refused to do so still has not sent it. My mom even told the lady that any time she is comfortable she could come back in to get it fixed, but no. This lady wanted a refund. Now, the hypothetical situation I am proposing is, if this lady does decide to post a negative review on yelp (or something similar) on my mom’s salon, could we sue her for defamation? I’m not sure if that is the best route to go with but it was just a thought I had since in business class at my school we learned about defamation. If you guys could give me some advice on how to deal with this I would appreciate it. Also, if there is another subreddit I should have posted on, please let me know. Thank you. Depends on what's written, where you are, and your mother's desire to spend $15,000+ on a civil suit over this matter.