 I was pulled over last night initially due to tint and an obstructed Maryland license plate by college alumni frame. When presenting my insurance card, he mentioned it was expired and do I have a current version. I mentioned no, but it is the same policy number. He cited me under sanction 31-2413: T333 “fail to display proof of vehicle insurance” comment: “Insurance proof expired” T711 “operation of uninsured vehicle” comment: “insurance proof expired” When asked him why can he not pull my insurance by policy number. You would see it is valid. I also mentioned both the state of MD and MI were able to do this in previous traffic stops. He hesitated and delivered a lie “our system is different. This is the only way to prove you have insurance with this card”. I find this very hard to believe that the capital of the country doesn’t have sophisticated systems to make this impossible. In combination of the two citations mentioned above, add the tint violation for the state of md, and the license plate frame obstruction. HE NOTED MY COLOR OF THE CAR AS BLACK. Suggestions on how to handle this the most efficient way possible to excuse as many charges as possible. Especially the insurance citations.  Yep. I’m glad you see that too. Hopefully the judge will see it as well. Thanks 🙏🏽  Judging by the type number of infractions you were cited for, it sounds like this cop was out to nail you for everything he/she could which sucks. Show up with proof of insurance, snap a picture of your license plate frame and if needed buy a cheapo thin bezel frame and show the judge you take the issue seriously. Maybe hit up a tint shop and see if they can provide you with with tint percentage and compare that to the DC law(s) for window tinting. Many traffic court judges appreciate folks who come in prepared and show an effort to 'fix' things to comply with the law. Some will acknowledge that this is petty crap and will cut you a break. Unfortunately, there are a lot who have zero compassion and won't budge. Best of luck.  I understand you can plead guilty and pay your fine online. What is curious is if you can get your ticket dismissed online. Yes, I am reading the statutes in reference to the violation, and it mentions nothing specifically about an expired card. I will reread to see if there are any definite holes in the clauses that may be used in court if it gets to it. And yes, online allows you to plead your case and provide supporting documents and photos as an upload or by mail.  Hunt down means to take any step to prove you haven't violated the law, even if that means inserting a few numbers into a data base. They don't have to do it. Read the statutes you cited. It is very likely that you are required to have proof of current auto insurance with you at all times while driving: this does not mean that someone else has to find that proof for you. See the difference? Does the online site allow you to upload an insurance card? If so, how then would you go about getting your tickets dropped online? I don't follow. Dropping a ticket is in the discretion of the issuing officer. Good luck, and carry your card from now on. Cop wouldn’t allow me time to get it all together unfortunately. Jurisdiction of DC allows for MD and VA laws to be enforced. I see what you are saying about proof of physical insurance, it’s just hard to believe he couldn’t for the jurisdiction combinations. I could tell by his response as well. Thanks for the insight nonetheless.  Not all states have coverage reporting, where the insurance company informs the state of a driver's coverage. There is no way to determine if a driver is insured other than having physical proof of insurance in those states. It's likely the cop simply couldn't look it up because he actually had no way of doing so. 48 states allow 'electronic proof of insurance'. I have used this a few times since my insurance company has a mobile app and i can bring up an image of my current insurance card. Oh, and thanks for the insight as well.  Thanks for the insight. Plan on doing it by online first. Can do court if it doesn’t go well. Can you shed light on what you mean by “hunt down”? What really is needed other than policy number to pull up the insurance information? I was under the impression that each officer runs all information in the system to check against an authoritative source. Not just a single document as they can be easily falsified.  And I am trying to understand when running the insurance in the computer, if it is the same policy number, how can it not be used in the same fashion.  It was covering the state name a bit. Lettering was clear.  You are responsible for carrying proof of insurance with you at all times while driving. It is not the duty of any police officer to hunt down your insurance information. That other LEOs may have done so in the past is nice, but it is not required, and those instances should have put you on notice to carry the current insurance card with you (or in the car). Many times, if you appear at court and show them a current insurance card which reflects you had valid coverage at the time of the stop, that charge may be dropped. Again, though, they are not required to drop the charge. Appear at court early, dressed nicely (respecting the court), always be courteous and polite. Ask the prosecutor, or the police officer if he is the one representing the state in the matter, if it is possible to drop the insurance violation if you show him a current card. I am not sure why the sentence mentioning your car color is capitalized. I assume your car isn't black, perhaps? Even so, listing the color of your car wrong is not a defect that will get your tickets dismissed. You're required by law to carry proof of valid insurance. You didn't have that proof. An expired insurance card is just an expired insurance card. The onus is on you to obey the law and not on the police to track down your insurance information. Best bet is to go to court, show you had valid insurance at the time of infraction and see if the judge will dismiss/reduce the fines. What portion of your plate was obstructed by the plate frame? Presenting a picture of the frame if it's not truly obstructing the plate will go a long way in court. Tint is a hard one. I'm guessing it's not a factory tint. You might be stuck there. The good news is that none of these violations are 'moving violations' and will likely not impact insurance or driving record (points if your state uses that system).