 I’m 16 and am planning on sneaking out tomorrow night. I live in the state of Maryland where the laws are that for a year and a half after getting my license I can’t drive between the hours of midnight and 5 am. I have an obnoxious rookie driver sticker on the back of my car which is a 2010 Lexus ES350. I’m planning on driving from a fairly wealthy and white Baltimore suburb to closer to the city but not fully in the city. Will I get pulled over? If I do, what should I do?  Don't break the law. "Oh, I'm only breaking one law, not 3 or 4" is not a good answer.  You can do whatever the hell you want. But either way, driving past your allowed hours is illegal, and this is not a subreddit that's going to help you break the law. If i drive another car, without a sticker, and don’t give the cops a reason to pull me over then I think I should be fine. I’m not going to be drinking or anything my only offense is driving outside of the time I should be.  so I could just take another car  Do you think the OP would be asking about a sticker that could easily be removed without and repercussions. It seems like Common sense that the sticker has to do with his rookie driver status and appears to be mandatory, but who knows maybe I’m just to logical of a thinker  Stay home and drive during hours in which it is legal for you to do so.  It’s illegal to have tape on your bumper? The way OP explains it, it’s just a silly bumper sticker. If the sticker is mandatory then definitely don’t do it.  Are you really encouraging someone to break the law?  Yes, you will get pulled over. I'd put the odds of it happening somewhere between 99.99-100%. When you do, be nice to the arresting officer and enjoy traffic school and losing your license. And whatever punishment your parents dole out. Just to be clear, you're planning to drive around in a luxury car with a giant sign telling the world exactly what crime you're committing. In a neighborhood where luxury cars are less common and more suspicious to cops that normal. Great plan. Also, I'm stealing your parent's sticker idea, they seem smart and cool It's going to cause them to check you out more closely and then they will pull you over. This forum is not about helping people to break the law. If you get pulled over, you should pull over as soon as it is safe to do so. Show the officer your license and registration, and follow all directions the officer gives you. If they impound your car or take your license away on the spot, you will have to find another way home, such as calling an adult friend or family member, or calling a cab/Uber/Lyft. If you are black or brown, ask your family members for more advice on how to behave during a traffic stop so you seem less threatening to the police officer, since the USA has a problem with police violence against black and brown people.  Just get an uber bud. If you get caught driving they can take your licences til you're 18. lmao won’t that just get me in more trouble  Yes this is the best advice you will get on this thread. Agree 100% no it just says “ROOKE DRIVER APPROACH W CAUTION”  ? .....don't break the law? Go to bed. Like a kid. Because you are a kid.  If said sticker indicates to a police officer that you have restricted driving hours, then yes, you could be pulled over if seen. It's not legal, just don't do it.  You should not break the law.