 To make an already long story short: our dog trainer came over today to help us with our new puppy. We went over some basics, and then went outside, because one of our backdoor(?) neighbor's kids was screaming. He was holding his face, specifically near his eye. I put two and two together and realize he bumped his eye when he was playing on the trampoline. No big deal. Then his older brother was basically checking him to see if he was okay. I'm not really paying attention, as it's none of my business. Until their dad walks out of the house. He was screaming at them to get in the house. Alright, whatever. Kid's hurt, parent's upset, nothing unusual. Until, after picking the little kid up, and bringing him inside, the older brother hangs back slightly, and refuses to come in. Again, none of my business. But then the kid asks, "Are you going to hit me?" Now I'm on guard. (I was abused as a young child, not by my parents.) I think I may have misheard this, but keep listening. The dad replies with, "Yes I'm going to f\\king hit you." At this point, this moment is burned into my memory as I'm getting ready to collect more information to call DCFS. The kid asks again, "Are you going to hit me?" The flags cannot get any more red at this point. Instead of answering the question, the dad replies, "Get in here, you son of a b\\\h." I want to call DCFS, but I get serious anxiety over things like this. Will I get in serious trouble for not reporting this? I mentioned the situation to my mom, and she said, "Not my problem." Which seriously concerns me. Again, can I get in serious legal trouble for not reporting this? I don't wan't to turn a blind eye, but with things like this, my anxiety goes through the roof. This is not a troll post. This is serious. I have left backstory in order to explain events. If you suspect abuse, always report it. You can generally do so anonymously, but regardless, as long as you’re not making an intentionally false report, you aren’t subject to legal repercussions. I’m sorry that you were abused, and I’m glad you’re looking out for these kids. Please make a report now.  Please call. You can ask to remain anonymous. There is a complicated way for the accused to legally get copies of allegations, but CPS removes identifying info from the report, if there is any. (From my experience - I'm not a lawyer.) I have called and reported things before, and the people who I spoke to were very kind and patient with me being nervous. Again, please aonymously report.  Here is the [website]() to report child abuse in your state. Please call, you could be helping these kids more than you know. Also you should be able to remain anonymous. Report it. It's usually anonymous. Either way do what's right.  Please, please report it. I'm not sure what the legal implications are, but for the sake of those children please speak up. It may save a life. 