 A few days ago my wife snuck out to Walmart to buy our son the only real thing he's been asking for a PS4/Spiderman. Today they are off running around and I figured I'd take the time today to get it updated, setup an account and pay for any subscription it may have etc. Open the box and it has books in it where the console should be and a copy of the sticker where you should see the S/N that's glued to one of the books. Great, I take the receipt and head off to Walmart to explain and get a new one. However nope, I talked to everyone at the store from the CS desk to several managers and they refuse to exchange/refund the console. It was paid for in cash, wife is a waitress and used tips so I can't just talk to my bank about getting a refund. What can I do? I know this must be a common scam people do but we are the victims here and Walmart refuses to exchange it or even refund it. I offered to accept store credit/gift card but even then they said no and told me to leave. Not yet, I got ahold of the district manager who said I should have opened it after buying it.. like is the idea that it's a Christmas gift insane? Then they said LP will look into it. I honestly have no hope for it and probably will not be giving him the PS4 this year Did you end up getting ahold of someone who could help? A few bigger retail chains, though mostly food places, bars, apartment complexes or hotels, and smaller non-chain stores. The places where people usually get into drunk accidents or hit their spouse or get into a gunfight over a Facebook beef and such. I am on the prosecution side so it's usually in relation to criminal activity like that, so the places I work with reflect that focus. are you working with major retail chains that have a lot of loss or just in general some place that has "a camera" 30 days sounds more reasonable and my store was much longer.  If you bought it with a credut card call youre CC company. Some have extra protection for this File a police report use the console SN should be on the receipt/box that should hinder them pawning it. Fair enough. Keep my advice about 30 days going forward. Unless it’s an old analog CCTV system they will have it.  Lol, its my job to gather evidence like this. Of course I would need it more than most people. Again, I am trusting my experiences over your claims, just as you are trusting your experiences over my claims. That's fine. No need to get combative and start calling people crazy. We have different experiences and that's that. Chill out. Ok. I literally work in the video security industry. I will trust the thousands of projects I’ve gone over with security professionals over your “dozens” of incidents where you need to fetch footage. Speaking of - most people go through their life never once needing a copy of security footage, and you have needed it “dozens” of times. That’s either BS, or you are a crazy person, in which I would make something up about it only being 2 weeks so you would leave. Try opening a Federal Trade Commission complaint online. The FTC will contact Walmart and has the power to fine them if they deem that they engaged in unfair trade practices. Also, weigh the package and compare to the weight listed online for a PS4 set. Check the shipper's tracking information to see if the actual weight is listed. If you say so, but since the last dozen places I have had to get video from all only kept 2 weeks I am going to say my anecdote trumps your anecdote for my purposes.  When I was working at Walmart, all the opened electronics with memory returns were sent back to manufacturer for reconditioning. Never resold due to possible personal identity being on the device.  Walmart policy is to keep 30 days history from all cameras. You don’t know what you are talking about. The vast majority of modern video security systems have a minimum of 30 days of storage per camera. Not a lawyer but work retail. Unfortunately can’t get it resolved by Christmas. Day after call the store and ask for a manager. A manager on duty will answer. Don’t bother repeating what happened when you came in. Just explain the facts. Bought ps4 and there was just books inside. Ask if you can have security verify that you purchased it and exchange it for a new one. They might have to wait for someone to do so but should give you a time when they’ll be able to do so. If they say no ask for the store manager contact info and speak to him/ her. If the store manager says no talk to the district manager. Then I would try the corporate Channel. I’ve dealt with customer support and while being polite also firm I’ve rarely had to go above manager on duty. I discourage corporate because their phone support doesn’t have access to the store security cameras. All they can do is basically talk to a manager on duty and ask them to look into it which is what you’ve already done. I suggest calling as it skips a few steps and saves time especially if people who can help you aren’t in the store right then.  Major chains at least the one I’m familiar with keeps track a LOT longer. And footage is only available to the police or under subpoena. It’s not handed/ allowed to be viewed by anyone [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Do not advise posters to call the media or to post on social media Do not advise posters to call the media, post on social media, or otherwise publicize their situation. That creates additional risks and problems, and should only be done, if at all, with the counsel of a local attorney representing OP. Please review the following rules before commenting further. [General Rule 9]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I second having them check the cameras. Although it will take lots of time, it could find how it got replaced with books. Starting from when you picked it off the shelf, looking all the way back through this boxs journey through the store. They probably won't just do it because you asked and a police report may be necessary. A retail store I worked at kept minimum 30 days, which is reasonable since DVRs are hooked up to a server. Just a note on cameras, most commercial camera systems don't keep footage for very long. They usually run a loop system where the oldest footage is constantly being erased to record the new footage. So they usually will only have a few days or a week or two at most if they don't pull the footage to make a copy. Just info for people to know when asking for camera footage to prove something, if you don't get it fast then you won't get it at all. [removed] I'm so sorry to hear that this type of scam is still happening, where scammers buy expensive device and "return" the item with weights or other stuff. The service desk is supposed to open the box, even if it's still shrink wrapped, and confirm the device is in there. My guess is the scammer hit while they were busy doing the holiday rush and got lucky. Best advice is to try corporate number on Wednesday and calming explain the situation to them, also ask them to check with the store if that PS4 was in fact a return, they can look by s/n, as this will make your case stronger. The local store will get a "letter from the president" ie a strongl worded email to make things right asap with you. From there expect a call from either the store manager or co-manager with an offer to replace the PS4 plus possibility of a gift card (depending on how strongly worded that email is). Unfortunately nothing can happen tonight or tomorrow as all stores and corporate offices are closed at 6pm tonight.  Ok so sorry if this is out of line as I'm not an attorney, HOWEVER - I worked for a large retail chain and we were absolutely REQUIRED to open the boxes of items that were being returned and make damn sure the item was there and accounted for. Does WalMart have this policy? If they do, I'm sure a glance at the cameras could clear it up? Did you go all the way up the chain at Walmart or stop at the clerk? Might be worth escalating with a CSM or even the store manager.  It's too late for Xmas as walmart is closed all day, but isn't there a way they can track it with the s/n that you said was taped to the book? Like, can't walmart customer service see that it was in fact previously returned before you bought it?  OP's wife paid for the PS4 in cash, not with a card. [removed] Sorry to hear that you guys got bamboozled. Keep bugging the support line and don’t let up, keep bothering them until it gets resolved. Also a word of advice, never buy any type of expensive electronics from Walmart  Walmart is only closed for a day or two of the year, and Christmas is one of those. Their corporate office is likely closed already. Wait until after Christmas. Maybe, maybe not. I wouldn't push it that just causes irritation. Pleasant, respectful. Certainly voice your extreme disappointment, like "I know it's not your fault, but I'm so disappointed. Your company has failed me and my son for this holiday. Even if you can't refund me, clearly this is a problem somewhere in your store return system. Either your people didn't check it or someone was able to steal it after it was checked. Can you please at least look into this and see if there's any way to track this? Would it help if I create a police report?" See the bold text? I find this kind of talk helps to disarm the person. The truth is either they can or they can't. They might go the extra mile if you seem genuine and care about their point of view. You probably need to create a police report on this. Get someone from the store to say yes that would be helpful. What state are you in? It might be helpful to get that on recording. Then get a police report and include the name of the person who said yes. I might do something like this. Or just do it, I guess. I'm just trying to think of a way that you can do this with them instead of being antagonistic. I'm not a lawyer. This is just my own common sense thinking, some ideas for you. You can certainly check with a lawyer on the best way to handle this. So there's no real way to potentially get it resolved before tomorrow? That sucks but I'll keep on them I did, after about 20 minutes of menus I received a message this department is closed for the holidays. Called again and got someone who then transferred me to the same place that is closed  You can sue them in small claims court. Your case is weak since it's 50/50 your word against theirs. They can ban you from the store, which is kind of like a "death sentence" if you depend on it. I think your better bet is to keep details of conversations and call corporate and ask if there's a way that they can track that particular package. Was there a return? Keep working at it and eventually you might be able to get them to refund you. Be kind and professional at all times. It's not the fault of the person you're talking to, and you basically have to persuade them to help you. Persistence tends to pay off since it costs them time and time is money. Also, if one person isn't helping you, another may. I remember once calling multiple times to a corporation until I got someone who was new and didn't know proper procedure, and helped me for something fairly important that someone else said they weren't allowed to do.  Call the corporate number. You may ultimately have to sue. 