 My neighbor had a French drain and foundation work done. The contracting company crossed the property line 11.5 feet to my yard and removed the grass down to the soil. How should I proceed with this? Shall I ask for damages from the contracting company? It's winter and grass will not grow for 2+months. There is no HOA. Thanks in advance. Before you resort to legal options, you should consider non-legal solutions. Contact the contractor. Grass is incredibly cheap to replace, especially for a contractor. It's generally only a few dollars per square feet. The cost of defending a law suit or nuisance of defending one in small claims court is much higher than the cost to simply replace some grass, which should further incentivize them to just replace it. Write a nice but firm demand letter to the company, with pictures and your demand, for them to replace the grass with the same type of grass that was there. Depending on what state you are in, contractors also often have to be bonded/insured. So rather than making a claim on your own homeowner's insurance, the preferred route would be to make a claim against the contractor, if he is insured, and only if it were to come to that.  Yes, I have the name of the contracting company. The easiest thing to do would be to call your home owner's insurance. They'll likely pay to get it fixed and then handle suing the contractor, or if appropriate, your neighbor's insurance company, themselves. If they can recover your deductible too, they'll send you a check. I'm also dealing with a lot of joys of nearby work and resulting damage, but also IANAL. Photograph and document everything you can. If you want to start with asking the contracting company to do the right thing, do it in writing. Contact your homeowners insurance and let them know what is going on, they may just take the wheel on this. Contact the local police to file a report so there is a record of what occurred. The contractor that came on your property was trespassing, and your property damaged from their work. If the work required a permit, I'd also contact whoever is responsible for local permitting (usually something like a building department) to let them know what happened as well. All of this will keep a trail of what happened, and either the police or permitting office should be able to help. If they don't, however, you may be looking at pursuing civil charges. Have you spoken to your neighbor about the grass?