 I live in the Council of Lambeth, London, England. We rent one unit in a five-unit building that was rennovated about a year ago. Apparently one of the tenants from back then didn't pay his council tax bill and his notices have been coming here (the generic building address, no unit specified). I called one of the collection agencies and said he doesn't live in the building, but last week I saw a 'notice of removal' that someone is coming tomorrow (11 December) to take property because of non payment. I gave this info to our landlords via our propert manager, who said she'd take care of it. I followed up today and she didn't know what was going on with it. My question is how does removal work? How do creditors confirm they're taking property from the right person? Should we be worried someone will gain entry to our flat while we're at work tomorrow and take our items because someone who once lived here owes council tax? To further complicate things, we currently pay our landlords the council tax as the property is still undergoing assessment because of the rennovations. Thanks for any insight you can provide. The enforcement agents are always just acting on behalf of the council and the council have ultimate controls - to be fair on the enforcement agents though they get the bare minimum of details from the council, usually just the name, last known address, balance due and the date of the liability order.  If there are new properties awaiting banding then the landlord should have already contacted the valuation office to get the old assessments removed (which would close those for council tax purposes). If the landlord is paying money on to the old council tax accounts then make sure it all gets transferred to the new account in your name, it's going to get very awkward if he doesn't (It's far easier for you to keep hold of your own money as you then have control over it).  Always worth contacting the council even if your not the one paying the bill. I've had council tax problems before with landlors and it gives them a push to contact the landlord about it. Unless it's a notice to evict, they cannot enter the property using reasonable force. Make sure all you windows and doors are locked if you are not in. If you are in, just show proof that you are the legal occupants. They may want to look around to check the debtor doesn't live there, but generally if you have a few bills in your name they will check with the council to confirm and hopefully that should be the end of it. Have you tried contacting the council about it? They should be able to prove its true and stop the baliffs.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.