 I bumped a car in the parking lot at my job and I am totally willing to help out and pay for it but the woman won’t give me her insurance. On her estimate from the mechanic there’s no insurance listed and the bill is upwards $500 which is too much for me to pay out of pocket. I left my insurance policy on a note on her windshield and I asked for her info but she won’t give it saying she doesn’t have to because I’m the one who hit her. She keeps dodging the question via text and saying she wants my insurance info and she doesn’t have to give me hers. I’m confused about this as I’m not well versed in accidents and how they should go. Is she not obligated to give me any information? If she doesn’t have any insurance on the vehicle am I obligated to pay? I want to give her some money but she wants it settled out of insurance and I can’t pay $500+ all at once. Should I just give her my policy info again? I feel like I’m being hustled as the damage is quarter sized on her front bumper and it’s all paint damage. Her reluctance to give me any information at all beyond a photo of a mechanic estimate feels fishy.  Report it to your insurance and let them figure it out, thats what you pay them for. Tell them she wont give you the info and give them whatever info you do have. Then give her the case # and tell her to call your insurance if she wants to handle this like a b! Okay so she needs to give it to me so I can report it because I’m the at fault party? She literally won’t give me anything and keeps saying that she wants to report it to her insurance and I can’t ask her for her info.  Doesn't matter what she wants to do. The rules are you report the collision and give the necessary parties the info. If she doesn't want to involve tell her to take a hike. To protect yourself, report it to your insurance and let them figure it out. They paint the entire bumper, I had one done about 10 years ago and it was a little over $300. $500 sounds plausible. That said, you don't pay her, your insurance pays her unless you want to not go through insurance. If you want to go through your insurance give your agent or company a call and give them her phone number and send the photo of the estimate, let them sort it out for you, that's what you pay them for. Dont pay shit