 Hi, This morning as I went down an on-ramp for a highway, my car skidded and my wheel hit the curb. This dented the wheel and made impossible to move without a terrible grinding noise coming from the front of the car. A woman (who was stopped about 50m in front of me on the ramp) just done the same thing moments before and her car was also unable to move (it was very slippery from freezing rain and they had not salted yet). I moved the car to the side of the ramp (there was ample room for people to pass me), took out a few cones I had in my trunk and set them behind my car and I set up to change my tire so that I could at least make it to a garage without a tow (&lt;0.5km away). I had called my dad (who is technically the owner of the car I was driving) and let him know that I needed him to bring me the other car because I had a university exam to write this morning. He obliges and I wait, talking to the woman in front of me who informs me that she is doing the same (she had to go to the office and her husband was going to deal with the car). Suddenly, a cop car pulls up behind us and the two officers get out. They ask me if I am okay and what happened. After I answer them, my dad pulls up. I grabbed my bag and told the cop that I needed to leave to write an exam and my dad was there to take care of the car. The cop nodded (didn't say anything to me), so I got into the other car and went to go write my exam. I called my dad after I finished and he told me the cops freaked out that I left. They told him that I should not have left and demanded my name, address and DOB. My dad gave them all the information they wanted (I live with my parents, have a valid driver's license, insurance, registration). My dad filled out an incident report with the cops. He also mentioned that the husband (of the lady who hit the curb that was in front of me) also filled out a report but they did not freak out that his wife left. Did I do something wrong that could land me in hot water? Funny remark: Another woman hit the curb while the cops were there. They gave her a ticket for some reason lol