 Hi everyone, My husband and I bought a house in August. The house was a foreclosure and we bought it from an investment company that fixed it up. The house was vacant for a long time before we bought it, until we moved in. We had the inspection and we used a VA loan so the VA came out to appraise/inspect the house and the inspector found some minor things that the sellers fixed. No one said anything about the roof. We did the walkthrough before closing with our real estate agent, and we noticed a wet spot and some mold above the living room window. My realtor called the other realtor, and we have a signed document (by all parties) that says we were only going to proceed with the closing if the sellers fixed the mold problem as well as the underlying cause of the problem. The sellers sent a "contractor" to fix it, but all he did was cut out the moldy piece of drywall on the ceiling and replaced it....not even painting it the correct color....before he stopped returning my calls and never showed up again, after giving us some bs about the gutter being detached from the house and then "fixing it." Fast forward to a few months later, and the leak is back in the exact same spot. It's worse than it was and it's dripping all along the seam of the new piece of drywall he put in. My husband was hanging our Christmas lights and he noticed some lumps on the roof as well in the same area. I am trying to get a hold of the contractor but to no avail. Can someone please help me with what to do?  Get in touch with the seller about the situation. You were wise to put that contract into place that requires the fix of the underlying cause of the problem. If the seller will not respond, get in touch with your realtor. You can file a complaint about the company through your states dpor (department of occupational regulation... i think), they are the ones that handle state contractors licensing. Not sure how the law is in your state but you may be able to go after the home inspector as you hired him to do a job, find all the problems with the house, and he failed to do his job properly. The party that owes you the fix is the seller - I would get in touch with them or the realtor and tell them they need to revisit this fix, if possible by finding a different contractor. If they refuse, you’ll need to fix it yourself and pursue them to reimburse you for it. And since you don’t want this problem getting worse, I’d start doing that sooner rather than later. Whoever does fix it, you’ll want them to document the cause of the problem to aid your legal case. 