 i used to be employed at a location that lied to customers saying they grew their own coffee and roasted it in house but actually just bought from a wholesaler. They would leave the iced coffees out for up to 3 days before rotating and would treat all there other products to about the same level of care. My question is is the agreement below enforceable ? there are parts of it that state that if any of the agreement is to be found illegal everything else in the agreement should be enforced as though that part is not in the agreement. I don't have enough knowledge of this to proceed but i feel if any part of the agreement is illegal shouldn't the agreement be found to be invalid ? []() Thank you everyone who helps you all are amazing. When i was working the health inspector was the cooks friend and got free food for passing us....  My local health department/inspector has anonymous tips. Yours may have this as well. Not really legal advice, but If they’re that lax on food rotation, it might be wise to report them to your local health inspector. It will likely get them shut down, though. Anyone who keeps food out for 2 weeks will likely have enough critical issues for reprimand.  My job was a shift lead at a local bakery... i wasnt a manager nor was i handling anything important i dont even want to come forward about the self roasting mainly the having coffee out for 3 days straight I mean thats disgusting we kept our pastries in the case for up to 2 weeks Thank you for your help i honestly didnt know that im pretty new to anything legal. What was your actual job? I honestly think we're at a point where Congress and the states need to pass legislation to prohibit confidentiality and non-competition agreements when dealing with low paid employees. There should be financial penalties for having them signed in states where they are outright unenforceable because the company damn well knows that it's banking on a lack of information on the part of the employee is getting the result they want. A severability clause (everything should be enforced even if one clause is unenforceable) is common and typically enforceable. Whether the overall agreement is enforceable is a different question.