 Today at work the whole sewage system backed up and basically flooded most of the kitchen and the dining area (we have an open kitchen right next to it) We ended up getting everyone out of the restaurant (about 15 minutes later, the lead person on staff was not a manager and was not trained on how to deal with this situation). We tried contacting one of our three owners, none of which picked up or said they were coming down to help. So basically, we had to clean up the mess to the best of our ability, which basically meant cleaning up what looked like straight gray water/raw sewage without any of the gear needed to clean up this sortof problem (only basic gloves, no eye protection, just towels and a shitty mop) Multiple staff ended up needing to go throw up while we were fixing the problem, with no owner/manager showing up. Its also important to note that I dont think the management is going to call in the appropriate measures (a real, trained cleaning crew), and instead is just going to open again tomorrow after our untrained attempts at cleaning up So i guess my question is; Where do i stand on this? Should I call someone? what is their liability, how much risk were we put in etc. I have pictures of the spill Thank you for the help nothing illegal about you guys having to clean it up. but the health department does need to be notified.  Not legal advice, I'm a plumber who does a lot of work in commercial kitchens. All you need in order to sanitize the area after a back up is bleach, water and, a rag. Unless you and your coworkers are complete idiots and were splashing each other with sewage, eye protection isn't required by OSHA in a situation like that either. Good luck.  Yeah im probably going to do that I was also just curious what sortof danger we were exposed to if anyone knows Might want to start [here]() The main number is listed on the website. Report it anonymously if you’re worried. Tell them you know someone that works there and you have photos. Nether of these things is a lie. Burn it down