 Location is NS, Canada. In August, a friend of a friend of mine posted on her Facebook that she had some open commission slots for watercolour paintings. I emailed her about it, described the piece of art I envisioned, and we agreed upon a price (\~$150) which we both thought was fair. I asked her how she normally handles payment and she said I would pay when she was done making the painting. She said she was leaving to go on a trip but would begin work on it when she got back in a couple weeks. I said okay and all was good. It's now December, and I haven't heard anything from her (but then again, I haven't contacted her either). There is no sign that she has started on the project. To be honest, I think she has forgotten about it (it is not a huge painting (8"x10") and would not take this long to make). At this point, I don't really want it anymore. It was supposed to be a gift for someone, but their birthday has passed. Should I write her a polite email explaining this? If she had already begun work on it and could prove that to me, I would understand and pay her for it, but if she hasn't started yet, I'd prefer she just drop it. Does she have the right to ask me to pay for a painting that she forgot about if she decides to paint it in the future? Does our previous email exchange in August count as a contract? They didn’t pay anything  Contracts generally need to have consideration. If you haven't paid her yet there is no consideration so no implied contract. Just reach out and see where things stand. If you have paid her you might need to reach out if that doesn't work you can use small claims court to recover what you paid. Well that makes it easier. OP didn't pay for it yet.  Absolutely. Contact her. She may have forgotten. She may have gotten busy. You certainly can ask her for your money back, given how long it has been. Explain to her that you bought it as a gift and the time has passed for that gift. Be unfailingly polite. Hopefully, she will just return it. It seems fair what you’re planning on doing. It’s totally possible she forgot, sometimes it just happens. If she hasn’t started it and you haven’t already paid it wouldn’t be unreasonable to just cancel it. 