 My mom's brother passed away on April. My mom passed away last month. My mom was married to my dad. We just recently received the notice of the will from an attorney saying that he had left a portion to my mom. How should we deal with this? Should I just contact the attorney that contacted us? I know that downvotes indicate incorrect advice. Please let me know what is the correction to my advice. Not sealioning. Who is the executor (aka personal representative) named in your mom's will? Probably your dad but could be anyone she named. That person needs to file to open probate on your mom's will in her county. Typically at the County Court. The probate process will officially name that person as executor (or assign someone else if they step down). It's not sufficient to simply have a will name the executor, the court has to affirm it and appoint them. Then executor then takes court documentation to a bank and sets up a bank account in the name of Estate of Mom's Name. Banks will not set up estate bank accounts without this court documentation. Mom's estate bank account can now receive payout from her deceased brothers estate. With near certainty, the deceased brother's estate cannot cut a check to your dad's name, your name, or any other name except Estate of Mom's Mame. Any debts your mom's estate owes must be paid first, then remaining funds if any are distributed to the heirs as specified within the will. The estate bank account can't simply be spent freely, it has to be treated like the bank account for a business. Hands off until the money can be disbursed to the heirs. You can see how long it has taken for your uncle's estate to reach the disbursement phase. That's the simple explanation. The reality may be more complex. Probate can be opened by working with the court clerks office for the county court. They cannot answer legal questions such as whether you should or should not open probate. But they can supply the forms and educate you on the processes and the steps to do so. Consult a good small reputable will and estates attorney in your mom's hometown. Start with the attorney who helped draft her will, or if they are no longer in practice, the law firm that employed them. It should not be nearly as a expensive as you might fear. Especially since they handled the original estate planning and will drafting. Your Moms share goes to her estate and then handled from there. It makes sense for the executor or personal representative of your mother’s estate to contact that of her brother’s to figure out what should happen. In some cases there may be a clause that dissolved or reassigns mom’s share of the estate if she doesn’t survive her brother by some amount of time. 