 Not me but my mother-in-law. She bought a house with her 15 year partner a few years ago. They are now separating and she's moving out. He wants to keep the house and my MIL thinks the only option is to keep paying her half of the mortgage. The state does not have common law marriage. Is there any way to force the sale of the house with her being joint owner? Is there anything she should be doing to ensure she keeps rights to her half of the house even though she's not living there? I can imagine it eventually being similar to a squatter situation. That's what I thought. Thanks. I strongly doubt there's a state that doesn't have some process by which property is partitioned and probably every state has at least some method for forcing a private sale. The presumptions for dividing up the proceeds may vary and whether forced sale is the default of there's a party who can afford to buy out the other might vary. Either way, step one is to talk to your own lawyer, and that person will know the relevant details and steps.  She can sell it to him, he can sell it to her, they can partition it by sale. Not much difference in Oregon between marriage and co-ownership of real property, except no real presumption of equal contribution means that it might be helpful for her to get together proof of what she's contributed to the home, particularly if they were banking separately or otherwise kept their finances separate. She should get a lawyer. IANYL.  "Probably but we would need to know a state." Is this true? I'm not a lawyer though involved via lawyer in a forced partition sale of house. Is there really a state or states where a legal co-owner can't force a sale? Not disputing you. Before starting my process, I heard on several financial advice radio shows whenever people had this problem, host always advised to get a lawyer and start partition suit, Never remember host asking which state caller lived in, but again, I have no actual knowledge about it, and I am curious in which states partition suits not allowed. Thanks.   's not interested in buying her half. So he just expects her to continue paying even though she's not living there? She needs to speak to a lawyer. Incidentally, this is why people should get married before they do stuff like this. Courts have robust rules to divide property in a divorce.  She might want to ask a real estate agent of she can put her half of the home up for sale to the public. Just because her ex doesn't want to buy her out doesn't mean no one does. If they're both on the deed and the mortgage, it's not a squatters situation. She can move out and not lose her rights to the equity she is owed. If she moves out though, she may lose her rights to continue living there. Tell her not to sign anything like a quit claim deed unless she's receiving her half of the equity AT THAT TIME (like, if she's signing it at a title company that confirms they will send her a check). Don't sign a quit claim deed based on his promise to pay her at some time in the future. Her ex partner needs to refinance the house into his name alone, and she will be paid out of the equity. If he has funds to pay her without refinancing then he may be able to assume the loan, which is easier/cheaper, by doing something called a novation. Mortgage companies don't make as much money for this so they may push him to refi but that's up to him. If he can't qualify for a refi loan or to assume the loan then your mother can ask a court to force the house to be sold, and she'll be paid her half of things at that time. This isn't too expensive unless her ex tries to fight it, and if he can't afford to refi he likely can't afford to fight it. Either way your mom should at least get a consultation with a family law attorney - they will advise her of her rights and give her idea of costs if things go easy vs hard etc.  Just added to the post. State is Oregon. He's not interested in buying her half. It's an expensive house and I don't think either could carry it on their own. If both thier names are on the title she can force a partition sale.  Probably but we would need to know a state. Another option would be of her stbx to buy her out (this is something she might want to consider because getting her name of that mortgage will help her out so frigging much that it isn't even funny). 