 How to Evaluate? How can a non-lawyer evaluate the quality and/or completeness of estate documents? Is there a checklist of clauses or analysis software? Maybe an easy and cheap way to obtain a second opinion or document review? Estate Documents to Review I have met with an Estate attorney for the first time. I think that in the hour's consultation the lawyer probably got a decent impression of what my wife and I wanted. We have been provided several documents (wills, trust, general power of attornies, living wills, and healthcare proxies ) for our review. What should I be evaluating before confirming that we're happy with all the documents? Is there software that can analyze documents and highlight anything that isn't standard boiler-plate language? I want to make sure that I'm well situated before I metaphorically scroll to the bottom and click I agree. Our Situation I also don't believe that I have any exceedingly complicated scenario for new parents. I'm expecting my first child in 2019 and decided that it was time to use my legal insurance to get a document together. I don't have much money unless employer setup life insurance pays out. Review Needed? I'm I over thinking this? We trust our trustees, personal representative (executor), and other agents. I have no direct reason not to trust the lawyer. I've just been provided the opportunity to review the documents and want to make sure that I'm using the opportunity to evaluate them while I'm living. Am I over thinking this? My instincts say that I am better off with decent documents than no documents. Am I likely be fine with a cursory understanding of the terms of art in this state? Is a layman's understanding sufficient to review most documents? Thanks. That's good reassurance. As my inclination is that we have no unconventional preferences, I won't have trouble sleeping. I did spend the time reading through everything and now have no concerns. Googling the terms of art that I didn't know helped improve my understanding. It seems from my cursory reading like what we wanted. It just took the nominal time commitment of actually reading a few documents. No shortcuts needed in the end. you are over thinking this. if you just couldn't sleep at night then go to another attorney and have it reviewed but if you "don't have much money" then it's pretty straightforward. fwiw, mistakes usually occur when people forget about bank holdings and don't keep things organized. the onus is on you to disclose all your holdings and setup beneficiaries on accounts (if that's what you want to do), which are distributed separately from estate or trust distributions. And as a practical matter, keep a copy of all account numbers, financial institutions, benefactor forms, etc. in on place. You'd be amazed how this stuff just gets overlooked after a person dies.