  Hey guys im posting on behalf of my gf from nj. This is a little long but it has really been messing with her head so any and all help is more than appreciated. So a little bit of background. I was helping my girlfriend job search a few months ago. We are both in school so we were just trying to find her a part time job. I found this restaurant/pizza shop that was looking for waitresses, they hired on my gf on the spot she was extremely excited. After she applied we met several previous employees who told us horror stories about the bosses not paying wages, bosses verbally abusing employees and even a circumstance of an employee quitting, then the bosses calling his next job and complains about him, which resulted in termination Two months later and she can’t stand the job. The owners run the restaurant and they are abusive to the wat staff and customers. These owners have no problem bringing their waitresses to tears and have \[previously got into screaming debates with customers that wanted to send their food back. On top of all of this my gf didn't think she was actually making minimum wage due to their lack of customers. Unfortunately she doesn't have records of her actual earned tips so I don’t think filing a wage claim for that would be an options. Long story short the owners crossed a few lines and my gf thought it was best to move on because the job was not worth the stress and tears. The real issue happens tonight though. It has been around 2 weeks since she quit and the pay day was yesterday. When she picked up her last check the owners were extremely rude and told her that she had to return the employee guide, uniform, menu, and apron IF she wanted to get her last check. She told them she no longer has the 8 pieces of printer paper was the guide. Her bosses, both brothers by the way, old that she was shit out of luck then and she wouldn't be getting her last check.Of course I know that that is bs and my gf worked for their company so she gets paid. I go with my gf to pick up her check and we everyone we ask tells us they can’t give us a check. They then said that the owners are working in the back so they can’t give the check now but maybe the bartender can. The bartender just says “no not right now”. Now i'm pissed I can see that they want her(my gf) to either wait hours for the check at the end of night, or come back tomorrow. I am having none of it and start asking questions such as: Can u mail the check? Can u jus go into the office and hand it to us? Who has access to the office? The staff won’t budge, me and my gf are getting upset and finally the owners come barrelling out of the office. Not asking where my gf was or what was going on. The guy was screaming “where is the mouthy guy” He comes up to meet gut touching me asking what my problem is and getting agitated. This is where I calm down tell him my gf worked hours and he has to pay her. He then tells us to get out. I told him we weren't leaving without a check and he then tells me that just I am kicked off the property not my gf. I calmly told him to call the cops if he wanted me to leave and these guys went crazy yelling into my camera and acting extremely strange. They then told my gf that she needed to go to their office if she wanted the check. They said I couldn't come and she couldn't record. Neither of us wanted my gf to go into their office but she wanted her money so she went. She was in their office for 5 entire mins and came out balling. Mind u these guys are well over 6 feet tall and 250lbs meanwhile my gf is a very tiny girl. They sat her down and interrogated her from both sides about the stupid printer copy guide, they then degraded her on video telling her she is and idiot for bringing her big mouth bf into their shop and that she is an embarrassment to herself along with other hurtful remarks.Finally they screamed at her to sign a blank piece of paper against her will. It was ACTUALLY just a BLANK piece of paper. When she came out with her check she was crying we left and on the way out she started being hysterical because they wouldn't give her the video that they took of her in the back room. Luckily I have my encounter with them in video and she had her video rolling (in her back pocket) of the office encounter, which is just audio. I guess what i'm asking is first what can my gf do to secure herself. She is terrified that these guys will call her future employer and show them part of the video where they are interrogating her about why she brought her bf to the shop.(she was really scared of them) and she has no idea what they are going to do with her signature. And next is there anything here i can file complaint about whether it be police or department labor Tldr Gf got awful job with abusive employers, she quit, they wouldn't give her her final check, we went to get it in person, they refuse, they angily agree, they interrogated my gf, recorded her reaction to their bullying, and forced her to sign a blank piece of paper.  Nobody here will recommend that you put anything up on social media.  my problem is that they have gone after ex employees before. That and we found out too late but they are known for doing this especially to people who cant do anything about it. I'm positive hes kept money from other people and the way he acted makes me want do anything in my power to make sure these guys understand that this is Wrong and that they cant do that to people. Idk if anything he did is illegal or if i can file a complaint somewhere so that these guys can be looked into, but thats what I'm looking for. Also i have these guys on video going wild. getting all up in the camera, yelling and just genuinely being wackos. Can i post that on twitter of fb? what if someone links them? Does that come back to bite me?  If she's worried about future employers why doesn't she just not add it on her resume? Why do you want to contact the police? They were pieces of shit but she got her money. They most likely won't do shit with that piece of paper she signed so I wouldn't worry. If they do try and pull something you have evidence.  and can i just go out there and say yes these guys are scum! the sick smiles they had when they followed my gf out of their office in tears make want to do everything in my legal ability to make them accountable for being such awful people. Thanks for your response. I was wondering if NJ audio recording laws have any effect here. Are they allowed to show that video to anyone if she was forced into a private office? Can we say that she was forced realistically? We are hoping that we can really nail him if he does any blackmail or anything of the sort, instead of trying to argue with another video.  You have evidence of those scum. She has the better half of the blackmail and so do you. So if they send it to employers you can retaliate with your videos in return. 