 Title says it all. Granted, I was in public so I understand that anyone can snap a picture of me. But can they turn around and sell it for a profit? The photo shows me being carried by police and is tagged with my full name.  Depends upon how that photo got on Getty Images. Getty Images uses various sources to acquire those photographs. Many of those companies have a policy that states the photographer must have written proof of you allowing them to use your image. If you could prove that it was one of these companies that Getty Images acquired it from, you can ask for it to be removed. Will you be compensated? No. Awww, enjoy your ban Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] That might be a company policy, but it has nothing to do with any legal requirement. As a photographer you should really familiarize yourself with the first amendment and the limited situations where the right of publicity comes into play. OP is still not a public figure. Being a public figure implies you have the ability to speak and have people listen. I don’t think that’s the case here. Moreover I have no idea what you are trying to say about defamation. Someone’s name with a picture of them in police custody isn’t defamation, its a statement of fact. It’s not defamatory absent some statement that OP committed a crime which they didn’t commit. Moreover, the valuing coming from OP or not, unless it is an endorsement, the picture is artistic expression and the photographer can sell it as they please without OPs consent and without paying OP anything. Yes, the standard price is so high because it includes global reprint rights such as in news publications. Yes, if somebody takes a photo of you they can turn around and sell that photo of it. You don't have ownership of it just because you are in it, that is why photographers are paid to follow stars. No, Getty charges that amount for all their HD photos. OP isn't special. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] I'm assuming a photo of OP being carried by police is probably going to be used to claim that OP is a criminal of some sort, so OP being a public figure is relative in this context. If he's not a public figure and this was just a $15 photo of some guy who was never charged with a crime being arrested at a protest and they included his full name for no particular reason and called him a rioter it would potentially be defamatory. If they're charging $450 for a photo specifically tagged with OP's name, the value probably comes from OP specifically. There's no shortage of stock photos involving protesters being held by police. edit: I'm also not saying that people couldn't take pictures of OP before and sell them, use them, or share them. However, if OP was a non-public figure, people can't take photos of him in bad looking situations and then make random guesses as to why he was there.  I am a photographer that sells pictutes world wide. Many through Getty images. Getty Images themselves will not allow a picture of a person unless that person gives permission for the photographs use. It is common for photographers to bypass this by making fake emails and sending the paperwork to themselves. This is my personal experience and the way it works.  What? You think every newspaper, tabloid, and magazine has permission from every subject of every photo to publish the photo? That person is just wrong. You could call the publisher and ask nicely to stop, but they have no legal obligation to do so. You were in public, they can take your picture and sell the picture as an artistic expression. Okay thanks. Will delete it.  Not going to apply, it applies only when it implies a endorsement or similar. This is just a picture that happens to feature OP, it was taken in public and there is no issue in selling it. People could take pictures of OP in public, period. OP isn’t a public figure now, that’s has a specific meaning as to defamation law, and having a single newsworthy picture isn’t going to cut it. [deleted] Do you have a source for your assertion here, because it contradicts my experience working in the news media. If the protest was a newsworthy event, and the photo is being used in context, the owner of the photograph can sell it. And they can license it to Getty as well.  [removed] Since the photo is selling for $450 it's clearly something of newsworthy significance. You're a public figure now and people can take pictures of you and share them so long as they don't imply you're endorsing their product or anything. edit: edits in bold [removed] Yes- the rights to a photo taken in public belong to the person who took it. That's how the paparazzi make their money- taking photos of celebs and selling them for profit.