 long story short, several years ago i was working in the public school system. my facebook page was under complete lockdown except for, unbeknownst to me, my profile pictures album. someone in the school got into that album and pulled out some content in an effort to cause a controversy by repackaging and reposting the content out of context. (none of the content was vulgar, hateful, etc., but it was controversial — and was made more so by the lack of context.) whoever did it was only mildly successful, however, as i had a strong reputation among the student body and they didn’t waste any time spamming the post in defense of me and my character. i immediately set up appointments with the deans and other administrators to explain myself and to make sure that they knew my side of the story. i had worked with many of them for several years and most were sympathetic. anyway, in the end, i was suspended for several weeks without pay, which i felt was wrong at the time, but i did not challenge it. after all, the mob demanded a sacrifice. my question is whether or not a town government punishing an employee on grounds of a facebook post is a violation of the first amendment. thanks in advance! It’s pretty weird. I’m not even a very controversial poster. But I guess I upset someone! :) oh well.  that’s lame. i get that too, sometimes. i’ve always wondered what type of person goes around unnecessarily injecting negativity like that. Idk man, I think someone’s kind of downvote stalking me. It’s been happening on really inane comments. oh! maybe that’s not the case, then. this happened a few years ago, so it’s in the past. it just occurred to me the other day that the suspension might have been unlawful and i figured that i’d seek some advice. thanks, though! (and who’s downvoting you?) It must be new that you can choose them to be private. Good info! Good luck friend. Hope it blows over. sort of. non-current profile pictures can be set to private, but profile pictures are posted as public and will remain so until set to private. trust me: i learned that the hard way. they were both temporary profile pictures. one was from the time when people were posting flags as profile pictures. i was raised in a blue-collar, conservative, middle/lower class rural, town and i was living and working in a white-collar, liberal, upper class, suburban town. i have friends from all across the political spectrum. i posted a mashup of a confederate flag and a pride flag as a temporary profile picture with the challenge for my friends to find some common ground and figure it out. (something like, “is anyone out there down with gay rights AND the confederacy who can help bridge this gap?” it was a satirical post.) one was from when i got drawn into a discussion/debate about institutional racism (BIG mistake)?with a friend of a friend. she (a black woman) basically told me that i (a white man) couldn’t know anything about it and that i should stay in my lane. i tried to explain to her that not all of the systemic oppression that people feel is racism — some of it is classism and some of it may even be sexism and, unless we identify these things for what they are and deal with them accordingly, we’ll never eliminate them, but she just dug her heels in deeper. to make her feel more comfortable in her racism, i went to one of the free image sites, found a picture of an everyday black woman who was about my age, and made that woman my profile picture for the rest of the conversation. whoever found those things on my facebook page combined them with a screenshot of my linkedin profile (with none of the context, which was actually in the comments of the pictures) and posted it to a bunch of unregulated facebook groups that claim to represent, but at not officially run by, a number of organizations in the town. it turned into a bit of a witch hunt. the people who supported me were having their comments deleted and their accounts blocked. it was a big mess that eventually blew over. Any picture that has ever been a profile picture is public permanently. It’s little known but it’s true. You have to delete the one in the profile album for it to be truly private.  yes. i have done all that. i had even set my profile pictures album to private, but what i did not realize is that any profile picture that had been posted since that date, but were not currently active, remained public. It depends on exactly what the "speech" in question is, the rules the employee has to abide by, the context, and everything else material to what happened. What were the photos and what context do you have for them? I am not a lawyer. Just so you’re aware for the future, profile pictures are always public, as are cover photos and certain other major parts of your profile. Unless you’re union, I believe they can do this, having seen it done a few times when I worked gov jobs. I suggest for the future deleting past profile pictures, and periodically scrubbing your social media. They can do that unless you're in a union. 