 I apologize in advance if this has been answered but I’m unable to get a clear answer with research. Just what the title says, I’m just curious when it’s time to do a prenuptial agreement. I’ll be married in October and my fiancé and I have both agreed that we both want a prenup to protect his pension and my retirement in case anything were to happen. Also, is this something I’m able to do online on legal forms or should I make an appointment with an attorney? Thank you in advance for my silly questions. Any research I’ve done online has just stated WHY you should have one and anyone I ask in person asks me why I think we’ll be divorced. That’s really something you need to discuss with your lawyer and/or financial advisor. Everyone’s situation is different.  Thank you! That’s the main answer I was needing lol.  The sooner the better. The closer to the wedding the prenup is signed, the better chance it can be thrown out as coercive later. You should start talking to lawyers right after the holiday. Is it wise to put the sale of a house in the prenup? We’re currently living in his house that he bought prior to us even meeting and we’ve talked about moving and I’ve been adamant about him keeping the house or any future house only in his name since it’s his initial investment that will pay off a huge chunk of whatever we buy in the future. There is a lot more to a prenup than just saying "my spouse doesn't get my pension." You have to think about assets you now own debts you bring into, or acquire after, the marriage gifts or inheritances one of you gets after the marriage children, current or future alimony and cild support in the worst case You may need to make a full financial disclosure to each other of all assets and liabilities. (I se Michigan law is currently in flux about this.) Even if not now required by law tis is something you should do. And, as noted, you want to be sure that the agreement says exactly what you want it to say. The last thing you want is something ambiguous that can later be challenged. A family law attorney did ours, at the same time we set up wills and a trust. At the very least, you also want to get those wills made. Dying without a will will cause a lot of headache for the survivor. The estate will be distributed in accordance with state law. It is possible under Michigan law for the surviving spouse to not inherit everything.  I don't know, but a lawyer would! You could start reaching out to lawyers now and see what they say about when to make the contract. Got it. Any tips on when it’s appropriate to do this? The wedding is in 10 months and I was unsure if I could just do it now and get it done with.  I'd suggest family law since they deal with divorce but others might chime in with other suggestions. Thank you, I was under the assumption we could just make an appointment and both sign an agreement saying we wouldn’t go after each other’s pension/retirement. Do I seek an attorney specialized in family law or is there a contract specialist I should seek out?  You absolutely need to each get your own attorney. Do not share an attorney; you each need your own, individual representation. Prenups are often invalidated due to not having been created properly.