 Story is as follows: In March of 2017 I booked two tickets through AirBerlin totaling around $2,200. About a month before the flight we received a notification from The airline they were going bankrupt and as a result canceling all scheduled flights, mine included. I called Chase and immediately disrupted the charge. The funds were put back in my account relatively quickly and that was that. This morning I received a Email from the airline, attached to it was the bill for the flight and a court order for payment and a deadline. How do I respond to this? What would be my next step?  I received this just today with only a week to pay. Anyone figure out what to do? There's nothing unfair about it. Everyone who can do what OP did is doing it. If someone paid for their ticket in cash, they're more screwed by having executed the transaction in an independent and immediate fashion. But that's their risk they take when deciding to forgo the use of a cc. People who paid with cards enjoy protections and the chargeback agreements that the cc company has with vendors. Its a "risk" that vendors who accept credit card payments take on. They don't have to do that, they could try being a serious business while not accepting cc's. It's difficult to speculate on how well this defense might work without seeing any of the documents and without knowing the nature of the relationship that Chase has with Debtor, how Chase's money is pooled for transfer to Debtor, and the contracts or servicing agreements if any. In very general terms I think Chase did screw up by diverting money intended for the estate. But I also think OP is potentially liable because OP acted in a manner that frustrates the orderly distribution of the assets of the estate and took a short cut in getting his money back. (But again this depends on whether a DIP trustee can prove traceability etc.) What do you make of the argument that effectively Chase has purchased the claim from OP by approving the chargeback?  ? You're saying if OP doesn't continue to honor his "debt" and execute payment for a flight he didn't get, it's unfair to everyone else who is also getting screwed. i'm saying nothing of the sort. I'm not suggesting that OP has any kind of duty here to keep others from getting screwed, I'm saying the estate and the bankruptcy court DO. The estate is insolvent. There is a legal process in place to make sure that everyone is made as whole as possible. OP saying "give me my money first" is an absolutely rational position for him to take, but it's a fundamentally unfair one. Some (many) will be screwed in this process, OP will probably be one of them.   't mean the debt is automatically invalid this statement says otherwise Yeah, I get that. Good luck getting a judge to side with the Airlines when it goes to small claims. There is literally 0 reason for the consumer to hold the debt if no services were rendered The person on the phone said they went bankrupt but I just looked it up now and it appears that they closed down passenger flights but are still operating another side of the business that does freight and things like that. Their shares dipped down to 15 cents and they got close, but never filed. Did they go bankrupt or just close their doors though? What? You're saying if OP doesn't continue to honor his "debt" and execute payment for a flight he didn't get, it's unfair to everyone else who is also getting screwed. I'm saying all those people who are getting screwed should also do what they can like OP can, where possible, and they probably are. They aren't just continuing to fork over jet fuel and peanuts because they said they would in an earlier agreement, when they know they aren't getting paid. That would be ridiculous. That's OP's situation too. OP didn't GET a refund from AirBerlin. OP got a refund from Chase. AirBerlin may be upset that Chase, as part of the same situation, transferred money out of AirBerlin's account. This is a normal process -- the contract that AirBerlin signs with the credit card association requires that money be refunded when a dispute is adjudicated in the customer's favor. Perhaps this normal process was inappropriate when AirBerlin was in bankruptcy proceedings. But if so, then that is between AirBerlin and Chase. You're ignoring goods that have already been delivered and not paid for, in an effort to score a debate point. I agree that without traceable funds, the OP is in the clear. And since money is fungible, it can be difficult. The discussion at this point becomes academic without seeing the actual documents and a peek into Chase's accounting. Though depending on the tracing method, whether LIFO, LIBR, pro rata, or FIFO depending on the jurisdiction's rule there might be traceable (and therefore recoverable) funds. At the risk of making an understatement, OP would need a lawyer to research this. I'm not convinced that the debtor has an interest in the refunded money. The funds Chase used to refund the charge aren't likely to be the same funds Chase recovered via offset, the same as the funds Chase paid to debtor when the purchase was made aren't going to be the same funds as what the debtor paid Chase when the monthly statement came in. A cc processor doesn't just transfer money. It makes payments as a lendor. If OP didn't pay his cc bill, the debtor still would have gotten paid at the time of the purchase. Same on the chargeback. Chase cancels the charge, but if Chase can't collect due to BK, OP is still in the clear as to Chase. Because of that relationship, I can't see how the funds would be directly traceable through Chase to OP. It's all accounting entries, not physical property. No tracing, no liability. And since OP got a bill, it looks like Chase was successful in doing a setoff for chargebacks within the BK rules. Otherwise, there'd be an adversary action against Chase to recover all the funds from various chargebacks and they wouldn't even bother with OP. I 100% agree with everything you just wrote except the first sentence. Because the debtor has an interest in the money that chase refunded to the OP, OP has a problem. (And I acknowledge that no trustee would sue for such a small amount when the processor is solvent.) Most trustees I know send a dirty letter to recipients of funds, but unless the preference or transfer reaches a certain threshold, they won't take any further action. (Usually about 2,000).  But to recover against OP, the debtor would have to first establish a breach of the stay by Chase, then directly trace those exact funds to OP. And I'd expect that Chase did the refund before the offset, cutting the direct link to OP. From an accounting perspective, it probably looks more like Chase bought OP's claim. Even if tracing were possible, Chase is going to be the target of any litigation. No BK trustee in their right mind would pursue the cardholder when the processor is solvent. And even if there was a suit against OP for recovery of assets transferred subsequent to an avoidable transfer to Chase, it would have to be pursued as an adversary action, meaning the OP would be served, not just sent a bill in an email. My arguments above are that the OP is likely the recipient of an avoidable transfer. The money chase gave to OP was an interest that the airline had. Both op and Chase took steps to violate the automatic stay. The estate and what constitutes property of the estate is broadly defined in bankruptcy law. Property of the estate is comprised of all legal or equitable interests of the debtor in property as of the commencement of the case.@ 11 U.S.C. ' 541(a)(1). Property of the estate includes All [p]roceeds, product, offspring, rents, or profits of or from property of the estate...[a]nd any interest in property that the estate acquires after the commencement of the case. 11 U.S.C. ' 541(a)(6), (a)(7) A creditor may not pursue any act to collect, assess, or recover a claim against the debtor that arose before the commencement of the case ....Id. at ' 362(a)(6). As set out in Martino v. First Natl Bank of Harvey (Matter of Garofalo's Finer Foods, Inc.), 186 B.R. 414, 435-36 (N.D.Ill. 1995). Here the OP is a creditor. OP contacted another creditor who held property of the estate (monies that the debtor had an interest in) and convinced that other creditor to grant a chargeback. Now both creditors have violated the automatic stay and OP is the recipient of an avoidable transfer of property of the estate  Well, courts would differ with what you just wrote. See for example. http://www2.kyeb.uscourts.gov/opin/howopin/RussellCave99-50142A01-5028PaymenSJ.opi.htm This case is on point. The court decided that the debtor had an interest in the money owed to them by the payment processor. Because there was an interest it was property of the estate. The automatic stay applied to all creditors, including the holders of bills for the creditor's merchandise. So the end result was that the payment processor and the cardholders violated the automatic stay, and the cardholders were also recipients of an avoidable transfer. (The money they received from the payment processor was money that would have been paid to the debtor absent action by the payment processor and the individual creditors.)  A chargeback is not collection on a debt owed by the debtor. It is a remedy between the card user and the card issuer. The card issuer either eats the loss or offsets it from funds that would otherwise be paid to the debtor, neither of which are prohibited by the automatic stay. Your comment has been removed for the following reason(s): You are replying to your own post. Rather than reply to your own post, either reply to the comment you're replying to or edit your post to put the information there. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.YOUR COMMENT HAS BEEN REMOVED. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. I was in this exact situation with Great Lake Airlines in April of this year when they closed their doors. I was notified that they cancelled all scheduled flights and called Great Lakes. The airlines themselves refunded me immediately (and everyone else) and I did not go through my credit card company. I’m assuming OP got lost in the shuffle since he/she went through their CC company rather than the airline themselves for the refund and the airline probably has OP marked as a non payment. I’m not saying the airline is right, but just brainstorming on why this is happening.  Do not PM. Violation of sub rules.  These answers are informative and present the seemingly counterintuitive scenario OP is facing. He took actions to collect on a debt albeit through a chargeback. He must return the money to the estate so that other creditors like himself who were not able to do chargeback can be paid pro-rata under the bankruptcy plan(s). OP, sorry but you're likely liable for this one. Iama bankruptcy attorney.  You shouldn’t PM here (rule violation). Try redacting your name and any specifically identifying info and send to the mods? Chargebacks are there for situations like this. As a form of consumer protection. As a side UK we are all ways being told that when an airline goes bankrupt to claim on your cc. I you claim against the from the company you very unlikely to get anything back as its major creditors first and then everyone else.  Ah didn't see that. Agreed, I just read 'court order' and thought lawyer time.   ... I'd go beyond just listening to redditors and discuss with a lawyer. Yeah, I somewhat disregarded that part of OP's post intentionally. He got the thing he calls a "court order" as an attachment to an email. That's not how that works. Even if it is an actual court order, I find it hard to believe that it's one OP is a party to (as opposed to one describing the airline's bankruptcy). At worst it might relate to OP as a member of some class that's a party to the bankruptcy (e.g. a creditor), but even then it is only the airline's unilateral assertion that OP is in fact a member of that class. In other words, if somebody wants to force OP to hand over the money, I'm pretty sure they'd have to serve him properly with lawsuit first. Not with a damn email! Wouldn't that matter depending on if the card was charged at all? It sounds like the charge went through, and therefore they received the money. It also sounds like at this rate, it may be a dispute between credit card company and airline, I assume they have a contract in place that may supersede the contract OP signed in order to accept payment at all, which should includes details related to chargebacks. That being said, if there is a court order... I'd go beyond just listening to redditors and discuss with a lawyer.  They should also do whatever they can to minimize their losses. Not just keep handing money or peanuts over in perpetuity, even after being informed that such goods won't be paid for because one of the parties in that previous service agreement has gone bankrupt. Tacking on to u/DarthBane92, Air Berlin is in a Chapter 15 bankruptcy, which is an ancillary proceeding and generally limited to the property of the estate located in the US and the issuance of the automatic stay. Even if there was a German Order directing turn over of the funds, NY Southern would have to act to enforce that Order, and would not do so blindly. Any foreign Order could not violate US law or public policy. Wish we could see the “Order” as I can’t seen to find one on PACER.  Do you know the corporate structure of airberlin? Because I doubt OP had a contract with a German entity. Big question is where would they file the suit, and will a judge uphold it? I think a reasonable judge would side with you. This was unforeseen on your part. There was no indication as you knew their bankruptcy was imminent and see if that’s covered in their refund policy. If not fuck em They may not have had the legal capacity to issue refunds at that point. Only The legally appointed liquidation agent can, and OP would have had to File as a creditor.  When dealing with BK, more technical is the way to go. And technically, OP got funds from Chase, not from the estate. ! Except the lawyers. 😉 What does the order say? I can't imagine it actually being a determination that the claimed debt is valid. I expect that it is a generic form sent to all people that the debtor claims owe it money, saying to send to funds to the trustee (or other court designated party) by a certain date. Unless there's a judgment that you owe the debt, then you can't be forced to pay it. And getting a judgment requires a judicial determination, meaning the airline would have to sue you for breach of contract. And they lose there because they materially breached first by cancelling the flights. The order shouldn't be any kind of clawback order because you didn't take any funds directly back from the BK estate. You got money from Chase. Any clawback or preferential transfer claim is against Chase. You may want to consider calling Chase. I expect they have some info on this type of situation. As to the order, you need to review it carefully and see if it has any way to dispute the debt. If it purports to have made a judicial determination that you actually owe $2200, you may have a serious problem and might have missed a suit being filed. I doubt that is the case though, due to the small size of the debt.   Because the airline actually has their money, but not OP's. It's the difference between transactions that were fully executed, and ones that weren't. While what you are saying makes a lot of sense, others here are saying that OP technically IS taking dollars from the BK. IANAL so I have no idea which is the case, but this all goes to show one thing. Going Bankrupt apparently sucks for everybody!  Paying for legal representation if sued is part of life. But I would not expect the BK trustee to pursue collection on a $2200 contract where there was a prior material breach by the airline. Even a layman could defend that pretty easily. You are assuming that the order is an order directing the return of funds removed via chargeback. However, OP has not stated that to be the case. OP got the funds from Chase, so clearly Chase honored the chargeback request. When Chase honors the request, it either withholds the funds from what it would be turning over to the airline, an offset likely permitted by the processing agreement, or eats the loss. Chase notifies airline that tickets for OP were offset, and airline adds a note to the file stating that payment was reversed. Again, OP does not directly take any dollars from the estate. Tracing BK funds means tracing the dollars. The dollars OP paid with are long gone, and he got different dollars back from Chase. Airline files now show that OP owes money for the flights, and sends a bill with an order. BK court has no authority to unilaterally determine that OP owes the money. There has to be a legal action to enforce that contract. I'd bet good money that its just an order stating that any debtors that owe money to the airline are to send it to the bk trustee by a certain date for liquidation. It's not a judgment that actually states the debt is valid. Even if your latter statement is the case, though, OP would have to pay for legal representation when he is sued. Which might be nearly as expensive as the original ticket charge. So Screwed either way. IF they honor it is the operant question. If what you are saying is correct, why did OP and not CHASE receive the court order?  Point taken. Bankruptcy apparently screws lots of people who don't deserve to get screwed. Just glad it wasn't me.  If OP doesn't live in the EU, has no assets in the EU, and never plans to visit the EU? He might (HUGE might) be able to tell them to pound sand without consequence. Because that's what bankruptcy IS. To turn the question around, why should someone who provided a good/service to the airline, or another passenger without a flight, or some other creditor be penalized so OP can walk away without loss?  The bankruptcy is in Germany. Maybe they will pay OP for the airline ticket to Germany so he can appear in court to answer for not paying for airline tickets to Germany.....hey, wait a minute ;-) Others are saying it WASN'T filed in Germany, but in NY. OP might be SOL. Sounds like OP got on the list of the airline's debtors and was sent a notice to make payments to the registry of the court. It wouldn't be a determination of the validity of the debt or a judgment. If he doesn't think he owes it, he can't be made to pay without the airline (or trustee) suing him. The U.S. Bankruptcy docket no. appears to be 1:17-bk-12282. You can create an account for public access to PACER (pacer.gov) to verify the genuineness of the Order that you have received (about $0.10 a click and per page viewed). The last hearing was 6/6/2018. Can you upload an image of the Order of it is not a rule violation? It is not unusual to receive Orders electronically as it is all electronic filing in bankruptcy. Bk was filed in NY. I would expect the order to be one sent to all of the airlines debtors, saying you owe money, pay it here, by this date. However, BK court can't determine the validity of debts owed to the airline unless their creditors submit to the jurisdiction of the bk court. Even then, there has to be some sort of trial. CC company owes any debt related to improper taking of airline property. OP would only owe debt related to the contract, but since the other side breached first....  That may or may not be true, subject to the contract between the airline and the credit card company OP used. It appears they WERE owed and DID possess OP's money. I agree it is totally and completely unfair and it makes me angry just hearing about it, but if what others on here who know more about this than we do are correct, the bankruptcy screws OP. OP's only hope may be its in Germany...maybe they will have a difficult time going after International customers? Chargeback is the right move. CC companies offer charge back protection, and if they honor it, any bk dispute is between the cc company and the airline. OP didn't directly take any money from the bk estate. No money from bk estate, no basis for clawback. Chargeback protection is one of the benefits of paying through a middleman. They eat this loss, not you.  Given that it's resulted in a clawback from the estate, that seems unlikely. Given that this is a German company, I expect things will work differently from how they would work in the US, but here's the breakdown: Bankruptcy is usually the result of insolvency--the state of having more liabilities then assets with questionable ability to repay those liabilities through current income. OP has paid for a service that airberlin has not yet supplied, yes, but the fact that they owe him this service (liability) doesn't affect the fact that they already have his money (asset). OP is not the only person in this situation. There are other passengers, there are employees, the debt they're servicing on their fleet of aircraft, and Uncle Sam (aunt Angela?) wants taxes paid as well. There are also the companies that sell them jet fuel, or coca cola, or peanuts, that do maintenance on the aircraft, etc. Bankruptcy creates a system so everyone is made as whole as possible. Giving OP his $2200 and saying "have a nice day" takes money out of the pockets of EVERYONE ELSE the airline owes money to. A plan is developed to do that (which could result in restructuring or liquidation, depending on the overall health of the business and the future prospects), and claims are paid based on priority. This is NOT a decision of the estate. Its governed by appropriate law and administered by a bankruptcy judge.  Not necessarily, the company was apparently bankrupt. OP would likely have gotten much less or nothing at all back if they hadn't done the chargeback. It might all depend on the fine-print of the original ticket purchase agreement. If it was me, I would say screw the German Bankruptcy administrator. Let them come after me. It will probably cost them more to sue you in US court than the debt is worth to them.  Nothing TBH I notified them I’d be disputing the charge as a result of no services rendered and then just contacted my bank to dispute it.  What is the outcome if the OP just ignores this? While ddadopt's info seems spot on, this is a German based company. Are their bankruptcy laws the same? Also can the Credit Card Co. be of assistance in this? They approved the Chargeback originally, so to me that means they agreed with OP that the company was not entitled to it. Regardless of the legality of this situation, I have to agree that since no service was ultimately provided, Why should OP be penalized for the bankruptcy?  You are right on cc dispute not being determinative as to the validity of the debt. That question has to be determined by the legal system. OP only owes the debt if it's valid and enforceable in a court. OP had a contract with the airline to exchange money for flight. Sure, airline could sue OP for the money. But they lose because they failed to provide the flight. Since they breached the contract, OP owes nothing. He had already paid that money to this company. That money is now part of a big pool that this co Lang owns. They will use this pool to pay back people that the company owes in order of priority. This isn’t a company that just didn’t give him a service. This is a company that went bankrupt. They don’t have to pay him back. The estate has a duty to pay back the people who are owed money by this company. It seems selfish, entitled, and self-important that this guy thinks he deserves ALL of his money back when people who gave this company millions well before he came along will be losing out on much more. He should get a little of it back, and the rest of his money should be used to pay back the other people who are owed so everyone gets an equitable share of their money back. That’s only fair; I’m sure you can see that now. Can you imagine the kind of arrogance and pretentiousness it would take to think you’re so much more special than all the other creditors for an estate in bankruptcy that you think you should be paid immediately and in full? Preposterous! OP would be a priority creditor as to $1800 of the claim under 11 usc 507(a)(7) But more importantly, he did not take $2200 from the estate. He disputed the charge and was refunded the money by the CC processor. Any dispute as the the exact funds would be with the cc processor, and resolved based on the processing agreement and the method by which the cc company got/withheld the funds. Any claim against OP would be based on the failure to pay the contract price, not recovery of funds from the cc company. And cancelling the flight is going to constitute a material breach in every jurisdiction I can imagine. The law doesn't deal with "shouldn't have had to" and "outrage". The fact is that OP payed for a service, then used Chase to claw back that money. Whether the service was provided or not is actually inconsequential. OP didn't go through legal routes to unwind the transaction (such as request a refund from the company, or sue them for a refund) and so here we are. Edit: Also, you say the company "owes" OP for the cancelled flight. That's probably true, but in bankruptcy, the airline is going to owe A LOT of people A LOT more than $2200 (presumably) and OP is most likely going to be a low priority for being paid back.  But he didn’t deal with them to get a refund. He should have done that. Just contacting th credit card company directly seems stupid. The airline likely would have issued the refund automatically had he let them, but instead he tried to get a charge back, which likely halted any automatic refund process. Now all the airline sees is that he legitimately booked a flight and then issued a charge back. They probably aren’t even considering whether or not the flight occurred. He played himself trying to be cheeky. Charge backs aren’t designed for this kind of thing, and people who try to use them silly billy are fools. It costs the merchant each time one gets issued  And it didn't. It simply never received the money from the credit card company in the first place.   How can the estate have a legitimate claim to money they never possessed nor were owed in the first place? Considering the old adage that 'possession is nine tenths of the law,' your post just makes me even more convinced that OP issuing a chargeback was exactly the right move. Sounds like suspicious to me. You got an email and were served a court order by email? I don't think that is how it works.  He shouldn't have had to. They owed him the refund as soon as they decided not to provide the service. It is outrageous enough that "we're cancelling the flight..." was not literally immediately followed up with "...and we're refunding your money," but the notion that their failure to do that imposes some kind of duty on him to avoid being ripped off is even more outrageous! Here's your problem: this is a bankruptcy. Your $2,200 was not "yours" but part of the estate, and you're a creditor (and not a particularly high priority one) of the estate. The chargeback resulted in you improperly moving to the front of the line for payments from the estate. The notice you're receiving is a clawback, as the administrator of the estate has noticed what happened when going over the books. You can talk to an attorney, but in the end you're going to be spending more than $2,200 to try to keep your money. The most likely outcome here is that you'll (eventually) get some portion of your $2,200 back, but almost certainly not all of it. edit: /u/DarthBane92 brings up excellent points, and the above should be read with those points in mind. He didn't deal with them to get a refund...  The first step would be to verify what they're sending you is real. Search online for the court information and call a number you independently verify to confirm the court order. If the court order is real then you are in Real Lawyer territory. I'm not a lawyer but generally court orders against people require their presence at a trial; you may have been ordered against in absentia. Perhaps you received a notification or summons you failed to notice? Edit: Also, contact your credit card company to see if they offer some manner of protection for this.   't deal with the company... and so the debt is probably still valid, technically. Could you explain why you think that? OP did deal with the company, in the sense that they contacted him to tell him the service would not be provided. I don't disagree with that either, but the point remains that OP didn't deal with the company... and so the debt is probably still valid, technically.  The airline cancelled the flight; shouldn't it be their responsibility to issue refunds automatically? They can't just say "nope, we're not going to provide the service" and then keep the money! The only way billing OP makes any sense is if he accidentally got refunded twice (once by the airline and from disputing the charge). Disputing a credit card charge does not automatically nullify any debt. Just because Chase sided with you in this dispute doesn't mean you don't owe the money. I'm not saying you should be paying for a flight that was cancelled, but if you never actually dealt with the airline to get a refund from them, or to cancel the debt, then you technically owe them still.  At the time the airline notified you the flight was cancelled, what did you do to get a refund directly from them for the flight?