 Long one here, trying to include all relevant details... My wife and I bought a 2016 Certified Pre-Owned Volvo V60 about a year ago. We went Certified pre-owned because it's bumper to bumper coverage, excluding wear parts for a good stretch of time. The day before Thanksgiving, she plowed into a deer and messed up the front end. We towed to the local Volvo dealership, they suggested we tow to a local auto body shop that does a lot of Volvo work. Insurance claim (Progressive) all works out fine at first. We get a rental car, the insurance guy estimates $9000 damage, we end up paying up a bit out of pocket over what they'll compensate for the rental car and hourly rate. We needed an AWD vehicle, we live on a mountain, we figured we'd pay a bit out of pocket above the $40/day Progressive will pay for an AWD car. We also figured we'd pay a bit out of pocket above the insurance hourly rate for labor because the body shop knows Volvos well and was recommended. The car was being finalized at body shop last week, they say everything's good. Progressive will only cover the rental car for 30 days, so we returned the rental car. We get a call from the auto body shop saying that there are warning lights on that they can't diagnose, so they need to tow back to the Volvo dealership to diagnose and solve. Volvo dealership finally gets the car in the garage on the 26th. I call them to get an update. Turns out that while the car was being driven, the serpentine belt wrapped around another gear, locked up the timing gear, and bent some rods and totaled the engine. The car needs an engine replacement. I call the Auto Body shop and hear the story (which was never relayed to us before) about how they took the car out on a test drive on a local highway to make sure everything was good, the engine shut off wouldn't restart, and they had it towed to the dealership. He frames it as "you're lucky it happened to us or it would have happened a mile down the road with you driving". I call the insurance guy, he's also confused how it went from "we can't diagnose warning lights so we had it towed" to "the car shut down on the highway and wouldn't restart so we had it towed". He finally got over to the dealership to take a look at the car and situation today. So here we are. 1. The service manager was correct in his diagnosis, the car needs a replacement engine. 2. The serpentine belt was removed and re-installed by the Auto Body Shop in order for them to replace other components. 3. The auto body shop lied by omission when they left out the part about driving the car when they initially sent it back to the dealership. 4. The dealership has a higher hourly rate than insurance will pay, and will be a month+ out before we can get the car back with a new motor 5. The Progressive Insurance guy is working with superiors to get this figured out and will hopefully call me with a plan by end of the day. Progressive isn't going to total the vehicle at this point because they've got so much money into the bodywork. They're pushing for the cheapest best engine replacement scenario. So, my questions are: 1. Should I get in the middle of this situation, or let Progressive handle it? At this point, I imagine they're going to figure this out with the Auto Body Shop's insurance company. 2. Since we bought a car with a Certified Pre-Owned Volvo Warranty, can I force them to replace the engine in a manner that will also be covered by the warranty moving forward? 3. How do I go about getting a rental car? My 30-day allocation from Progressive is up, how do I get this out of the body shop's insurance company? 4. Should I get a lawyer involved? We're in a real messed up situation, any advice is appreciated.  NAL but this is something that happens, a shop damaged a vehicle while testing or repairing. The shops insurance should cover it and it’s your insurance that should be the ones to talk to that agency. You should go for another rental car since this is a separate incident from the previous damages.  [removed] Was the belt replaced incorrectly which is what caused the engine problems? Edit: Missed that in your post. You are at a time where the mechanics insurance company needs to step in and cover the engine and the rental. That is who you really need to deal with on this. Your insurance company could do it for you and subrogate from them. Ask them for another rental car, because in reality this is another claim. 