 This is in Tennessee. In August, I signed a contract to produce 18 episodes of a podcast at a ridiculously, offensively low per-episode rate. The company has a small budget, and I figured I could get through it putting forth the same effort I put into the pilot and subsequent four episodes -- admittedly, it isn't much. The podcast is just banter. I come up with some topics, arrange for the occasional guest, and just let the magic happen. I bought my own equipment, which I use for this podcast. I pay for hosting myself. I edit the audio and release the episodes according to a schedule I set at the beginning. At the end of it all, I'm making about $4 an hour to do this. We just completed the 10th episode. I am now being asked to write copy for promotional segments, record those (they do bring in advertising revenue), and do more pre-planning and segmenting of the episodes, all of which takes substantially more time than we agreed upon when the podcast was conceptualized and brought to fruition. I am absolutely unwilling to put more effort into something I'm not even being paid fairly for to begin with. [This]() is the contract template used by the company. No changes were made to it except to add the company's name. I realize it was my goof to accept the offer, and if we were talking about status quo work for the remaining eight episodes, I would complete my contract without complaint. My question is this: considering payment is given AFTER production (I am not paid in advance for my work), would I be sued for telling them to find another producer willing to give them what they're requesting for the rate they've offered me? This contract does not seem to include language that indicates I would be, but I'm shamefully, woefully unaware of what could happen if I walk away. Thanks in advance.  [removed] I wish I had a better answer for you. Would they be open to renegotiating the contract? Does the contract require you to do the additional work? If so, then you either have to do it or you will be in breach of the contract. If not, you are free to tell them “no thank you.“