 This happened in Ontario, Canada fyi. I was driving home from my friends at 4 Am after having a little nap, fell asleep returning home, got sent to ER no serious injuries or anything so thank god for that, just damage to the vehicle. I've already got legal help for the careless driving ticket but that is actually the least of my worries right now. I got a notice in the mail a few days later saying that my license will be suspended until I can prove i'm fit to drive because of a "syncope". I got booked for an ECG in March 2019 after doing some other tests. wtf am i supposed to do about this i have no way to go to/from work without being able to drive. Is there some kind of mistake or is falling asleep 5 months without your license no if and or buts. If anyone has some serious advice but i missed some key info I can give some more exact details to clear things up. You've already received the relevant advice on your medical/legal situation. Unless there is some sort of appeals process, which I doubt there is, you can't drive until a doctor says you are fit to drive and so will have to change your life accordingly for the time being. You mean at the nearest city where my job already is? I get your trying to help but I don't need advice on how to live my life, I'm looking to see if there was some kind of mis information about my medical situation. [removed] [removed] I have a sleep disorder. My checkups are every six months and I am always, irrationally, slightly terrified I will say the wrong thing will have 6 month suspension for observation. Not because I am non-compliant with treatment in anyway, but because the gravity of what a 6 month license suspension would be like. So I am not brushing off how serious this is to you or how stupid it is to be told to find alternative transportation. But you can’t drive for the next six months. If you get caught - they will revoke it permanently. Get the heart tests done. Have a sleep study done. Pray they find something treatable. Then you can be positively compliant. Maybe even end the suspension early. I know it seems overkill in the context of the impact on your life. But these kinds of medical issues cause significant numbers of accidents. Accidents caused by these kind of incidents are more often categorized as a serious accidents than accidents from other causes. It really is justified. And it really sucks for you. You just need to find some alternative to driving. EDIT: if you don’t complete evaluation in time - they will probably extend the suspension until you do. It is VERY common for someone with a sleep disorder to only realize something is wrong and seek diagnoses after a car accident. I know you may not be dealing with a root issue of a sleep disorder, but if you are - here are the three “rules” from my doctor that help lessen symptoms. 1 Sleep regular hours (same bedtime and wake time every day). 2 Sleep deprivation makes symptoms worse. 3 Naps are therapeutic. But if you can't get to it then you don't have a job anymore. I suggest looking for a job you can get to. I do have a job but I can't get to it I live too far away it's a 3 hour walk. You may have to drop out of school and get a job you can walk or bike or get a ride to to next semester.  [removed] And there is no alternative transportation; no busses or taxis in my area guess I'm gonna go die from starvation or the cold w/e gets me first. If you can't afford to hire a lawyer and there was no appeals process laid out for you and the earliest appointment you could get was March, then I think your only option is to get a copy of the local bus/train schedule and start figuring out how you are going to fulfill your obligations without being able to drive. No shit I'm not driving without one. Not an option I'm a student I would think your only option is to pay out of pocket to get medically checked out sooner, and then hire a lawyer to push your appeal through the courts. Basically, they want you to be checked out to make sure that you don't have an underlying medical condition that could cause you to pass out again. Because this time, the accident was just you and some vehicle damage. Next time, you could plow into a crowd of pedestrians. You are supposed to find alternative transportation because your privilege to drive has been suspended until you can show you are medically fit to drive. If you get caught driving on a suspended license the penalties will be severe. 