 To be fully transparent, I am looking to see if I can make a quick buck (or some other self serving outcome). I am currently vacationing in Orlando, FL. While visiting 2 public parks, I noticed they were playing Christmas music on loudspeakers. The songs were clearly religious in nature, wishing people a merry Christmas and celebrating the birthday of jesus. Does this not violate separation of church and state? As a non Christian, I am truly offended and would like either financial compensation or force them to play a religious song of my choice. Do I have a case?  Anyways, we don't know who was playing the songs or what songs were being played. Without more facts, it's impossible to know what recourse you could have if you wanted to be the sort of small, petty person that sues over Christmas music. 't just play songs about jesus can they? By your own admission they didn't. You need to widen the aperature of time. Jingle Bells isn't counted as Christian because it isn't remotely religious. Establishment does not guarantee that you will never incidentally be exposed to religion and I suspect this is a non-starter of a case. I am counting jingle bells as not Christian specific. They didn't play any Islamic, Buddhist or Jewish songs. By your own admission they did not play songs only about Jesus. I do not practice religion and disagree with abusive, wasteful litigation. I gave you the answer - if they established a limited public forum they may need to allow the use. Merry Christmas I can be offended and want to make a quick buck as compensation. I see you are sympathetic to certain organizations based on your examples. Looking for unbiased advice  I heard 3 songs and then left, the others were technically not Christian specific. I am ok without financial compensation but can I get them to play a song of my religion. It's a matter of principle- they can't just play songs about jesus can they? No, for one thing, people don’t win money in law suits if they haven’t lost any. For another, public parks playing Christmas music is not a first amendment violation. Just like parks lighting up a Christmas tree isn’t a violation.  What park was it? Do you know who controlled the loudspeakers? How many songs did you hear? You're not going to get damages from any of this, fwiw. First you likely aren't offended because your stated purpose is to get a quick buck. Unsolicited advice - unless your definition of "quick" is about 2 years and "buck" is defined as "legal fees and not much else," suing on establishment grounds isn't likely to be a great path forward. Establishment litigation is insanely complex because it is very fact specific. They could have violated the 1st Amd. by refusing a religious organization equal access to and use of the park. They could have also violated it by refusing a Christian group access depending on the policies and other uses of the park. If you're interested in moving forward contact your state or local bar and speak to a civil rights attorney. No