 Hello! I'm posting here because of an incident I had at my apartment last night. My boyfriend and I had a friend over to drink beer and watch TV, when at about 10:30pm we heard shouting from outside our living room window. We live on the ground floor of our complex, and our door is accessible from the street. We always keep our door locked and dead-bolted. The sound got louder, and man who was obviously under the influence starting shouting to us from outside that we were in his apartment. He started banging on our door, and demanding we let him in so he could grab his clothes and his things from our apartment. We told him to leave, and that he wasn't his apartment, and we wouldn't let him in. I don't think he's a past tenant. He was stripped down to his underwear, and definitely on drugs. He threw himself at the door a couple times, and each time we could hear cracking. The door didn't break, but it's just a wood door with a cheap deadbolt. If my boyfriend hadn't talked this guy down, I'm not sure the door would've withstood any more blows. It's scary to think about what could've happened if it didn't play out this way, or if I was in the apartment alone. We've lived here over a year and this is the first time we've had an issue like this. But we live very close to a large public park, and our neighborhood isn't totally the safest place. I'd really like to get a protective metal screen for our front door. The other street facing door in our complex has one, but we do not. I'd like to get in touch with my landlord today and see if this can happen ASAP. Would my landlord have to provide something like this? If not, what can I do to get permission to install it myself? Thank you so much for your help! We're in California.  [removed] They landlord doesn't have to provide it. But he may offer to anyway, if you ask him for permission to buy and install one yourself. Or he might tell you it's fine to do it at your own expense. I can't see why he wouldn't allow one of other units have them. But do ask first. They do not need to provide something like that but if the door is damaged they should replace it. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.