 location: Schoharie County, NY, USA --- details: We live in a trailer park, we own the trailer and rent the lot. numerous conversations have been had with the parks financial manager as to why rent is paid a little under a week after the due date. reason is that that's the soonest the check comes in to actually send money out. We've tried getting ahead. But that can be difficult when you're fairly poor. We've received a threat of eviction if we don't pay sooner. Is there anything we can do about it? You sound like a great granddaughter, good luck!!!  uhm,... i don't live in the city, i live in schoharie county, upsate. very country area. Very many cows :D. Just like a lot of New Yorkers think there are just cows in Missouri....I had no idea there were trailer parks in SoHo, New York. Like and learn. Best wishes for you, friend. 😎 no other bits opf story missing. we comply with all the lot maintenance reequirements, have no disruptive kids or pets, have never had incidents with other neighbors, etc. the story you're referencing is that lot rent was about 4-7 days late for the past couple months. park ownership has changed like 2-3 times in the past 15 years we've been here. as well as rent prices ( expectable) and due dates ( can mess things up) she pays with social security check as soon as social comes in, which is 2-4 days after rent is due. Hard to get ahead when you're fairly poor. Anyways, have a good day. I think i might have worked out a possible solution, now i just gotta get it going. I'm gonna edit post with some info stating that i found a possible solution to the problem. She gets some senior things, that's actually what she uses to pay rent, is her social security check. unfortunately that check comes in like 2-3 days after the rent due date. the rent due dates, and park owners and management have changed several times over the course of about 15 years so it wasn't possible to account for those changes, and she wasn't getting social security when they first moved into the park. --- i think i might have found a way to get things back in order for her, but she has to suck down her pride for a few minutes. i suggested she have a reasonable conversation with the financial mgr; to stay with current payment times until tax time, and then pay a month ahead. now i just gotta get her to do it. we've been here 15 years without any serious infractions, this late rent incident has been on for less than a year, and has been lightly discussed with the mgr's a few times. --- Also, gonna talk to my aunt about it. she makes quite a lot of money, and we are all pretty close, she's my gramma's daughter, the only kid she willingly talks to anymore. not gonna ask aunt for money. gonna ask her to help convince my gramma to actually talk to park mgmt. --- Have a good day, unless it's night time. in which case, sleep well. They probably are getting a 'notice to quit' as soon as the rent is late. In many areas that is a requirement to provide that notice and give the tenant time to respond/pay before filing for eviction. But you can't file for eviction if that notice isn't delivered, and who knows if someone is actually going to pay (people say they will all the time but then flake).  Sorry, but, gramma signed a contract, if gramma knew the dates weren't going to work for her, she should have negotiated something different or not moved in there. If gramma is struggling consider seeing if there are any social services for seniors in your area that might be able to help her. In some states there are really great programs, if she qualifies for senior housing it might cut her expenses dramatically. Good luck.  Bummer: i was hoping there'd be some kind of loophole. was hoping to avoid having to tell my gramma she's in the wrong. :( wish me luck, if i never come back, let people know that i was murdered by a 70yr old woman. We have a nice local mgr though. IDK if he was actually supposed to tell us about the possibility of eviction, He says he wasn't. and definitely seemed that way. anyways. thanks for your time, I'll have that conversation with my gramma and hopefully things work out for the best. Are you saying they are trying to evict you for the rent being 7 days late? This sound like an incomplete story. Pay on time. Paying late violates your lease, and leaves you vulnerable. Landlords are going to start eviction process right away because that's the only way to preserve their rights. You are in the wrong here, sorry. Start putting some money aside every payday so that you have a buffer. Sell something, get a second job or earn money on the side so that you build up a buffer. Consider cross posting in r/personalfinance to get advice on how to improve your finances, so that you are not in this uncomfortable situation going forward. It doesn't sound like a terribly difficult thing to fix, and you'll feel great knowing you have the money ON TIME from now on. Many money managers/advisors want you to pay your bills out of last month's income - so you are always basically a month ahead and have a bit of a buffer. If you are not in that situation you are vulnerable, but you can fix it.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.