 Hi r/legaladvice! I am almost certain this post will get removed but I am not sure what other subreddits exist to help me with this! I am a current uni student and I am taking a law class for an elective (mistake) and I am having a VERY difficult time understanding the difference between procedural and substantive issue. Does anyone have any advice for how I can differentiate the two? Any tips would be greatly appreciated!!  This is a wonderful explanation. Thank you so much, I’m gonna ace this midterm! Procedural issues are the arguments about the process that courts follow in civil and criminal trials to resolve disputes about substantive rights. It is therefore a relevant topic in every single lawsuit and criminal case. Regardless of the legal basis for a particular dispute—contract law, for example, or tort law—the same procedural rules will apply to every civil case. Substantive law governs our behavior outside the courtroom. Procedural rules, on the other hand, govern our behavior inside the courtroom. Substantive law defines our rights with respect to other people in our everyday lives. Procedure provides a structure for enforcing those rights. It's more basic than that. "Substantive" issues turn on underlying facts of what is or isn't against the law. "Procedural" issues turn on what mechanisms the government uses to enforce the law. Let's say that you get busted with what the government says is illegal drug paraphernalia, and you say it's not that. That's a substantive dispute, because the question is whether the underlying behavior is illegal. Now if you also think the government searched your property against your civil rights, you can assert that and seek to have the evidence ignored at trial. That's a question about how the government enforced the law - a procedural dispute. Then for substantive it’s typically a matter of who’s at fault in a sense? And for procedural, are you saying it’s sort of the order of what happens in the court? The play by play?  Substantive issues deal with the merits of a case. Procedural deals with how the case is heard/brought to a court. A fraud lawsuit would need to prove the elements of fraud (substantive) after the suit was filed in the correct court, proper notice was given to the defendant, etc (procedural).