 So this is gonna be kind of long. This is happening to my cousin, and I am relaying everything that she has told me. So earlier this year, my cousin Cam opened a t-mobile account with her daughter who is 21 who we will call Anna, and added a line for a friend we will call Sara. That would be Cams only involvement with the account. They set it up with Anna’s debit card to autopay and Sara was just supposed to pay her back. After a few months, Anna and Sara had a falling out about some things including nonpayment and in August Cam and Anna closed the account. They thought it was the end of it. The end of October Anna realizes that she is missing money and found out that t-mobile was still billing her. She went to the store and found out that Sara was able to reopen the account and had been using it and it was taking the money off her card. She went to the cops and the cops told her that basically she needed to get the proof herself. And they wouldn’t do anything without it. Somehow they also took Cams name off the account and it is only in Anna’s name. She shut down the account and removed her debit card info. She got another email at the beginning of November about thanking her for reopening a line again. So she went back down to the store. Sara was able to open the account again and put Anna’s debit card back on it. Anna didn’t know she had her card info. (She also noticed at this time that there were some other charges on the card that weren’t hers. She thinks Sara did it.) So on Nov 20th she went back to the store and shut it down again. So this brings us to Monday. She gets another thank you e-mail. Sara went back into the store again and reopened it. And then called t-mobile stating that there was no fraud and Anna was lying. So the manager this time won’t shut down the account, and refuses to even let Anna access the account saying that even though it’s in her name, it’s not hers. She is saying that beens Anna gave Sara permission at the beginning she can pretty much do what she wants. Which permission was never given to modify the account. She was just given a phone. I don’t think this is legal is it? I feel the manager is lying to cover her butt because she knows they can get in trouble. What can we do here? My cousin is (and I am saying this out of love) stupid, and trusting. She doesn’t like causing a scene. I also told Anna to go to the cops and ask to file an identity theft complaint, but she thinks they are gonna shoot her down, and make her get the proof of that too. Is that the right move? TLDR Cousins friend keeps fraudulently reopening t-mobile account. T-mobile won’t let her shut it down and keeps taking money from her.  also, close the account the debit card is attached to. I didn’t even think about contesting the charges. She was supposed to get ahold of her bank and get a new card, but I don’t know if they would even tell her about that. I’ll let her know. It’s only about $200 right now that she knows of, but being a broke 21 yo it’s a lot.  While it's true you can't get blood from a stone, the girl may not always be without assets. Having a judgment against her (and keeping it active) would give your cousin the standing to collect in the future. Depending on how much it is there's the possibility of selling it to a collections company (something is better than nothing). It all depends on how much time your cousin wants to waste on it (and how vindictive she may be). She may also want to contest the charges with her bank. I'm not sure if she could put some sort of stop payment on it, but it may prevent future use of the card.  I thought it was in paragraphs. It looked like it on my phone. I’ll fix it. I’ll really reiterate for her to go file a report. And suing this girl would do no good. Shes basically couch surfing, and has no job. I feel bad for my cousin, but we warned her about being trusting.  You need to make an identity theft report with the police. If the first person she speaks with won't take a report, she needs to go up the chain of command. She can also sue in small claims court for the money owed. But start with the identity theft report. Use that to close the account. Also, paragraphs. You need to add paragraphs.