  TIA, sorry for formatting, LTL FTP etc So, I don't have awesome rental history. I rent a house with my 2 kids from a borderline slumlord in a top notch school district. I signed my lease in August, and actually had to push to even have a lease, he just wanted for me to rent on a handshake. I train and board dogs for a living, and he didn't care that I might have 12 dogs in the house at any given time, so that was a big factor as well. House isn't done very well but it's safe enough, major stuff is solid, and most of the stuff that goes wrong with it is minor enough that I can fix it and he's let me take it off of rent (had to hang some doors, put down floors, fix lighting, replumb a sink, etc). Last time I spoke to him on October 31st was A. about black mold I found when pulling up carpet tile he'd put in the leaky basement and B. about dropping off cash rent to him. I dropped rent off on November 1st in an envelope in an agreed upon place in his enclosed back porch, cash. November 3rd I got a text that he had passed away, presumably from one of his adult daughters, on his phone. I sent my condolences and asked if there was anything I could do and when the funeral would be. The answer was no, and there wouldn't be one. I'm left basically to wait, because I don't have anyone else's numbers and don't know who to pay rent to now or what's going to happen. My lease isn't up until August of 2019 so I assume I'm safe. I put aside December's rent to wait until I hear from someone. A couple of weeks ago I get a notice that the post office had attempted to deliver a certified letter. I attempted to claim it, but I'd lost my ID because, well, I'm careless. I finally got a new ID and picked the certified letter up yesterday. It's a letter from my landlord's attorney dated November 26, Re The \[landlord's name\] Trust, with an enclosed notice to leave the premises for non-payment of rent. I, of course, panic and call the number listed. I leave two voicemails, as I had forgotten to leave my phone number in the first one and I'm still panicking. I didn't hear anything, so I called first thing this morning and set up a time to speak to him (an hour ago). I just got off of the phone with him. I explained that I had paid November rent but didn't have a receipt of any sort because that's kind of how we'd done things. The attorney seemed to accept this but told me that basically the trust wants to sell my house and all of my landlord's other properties. So he tells me that he's willing to be very gracious and find another place to live and to give him and the trustees a date for when I can be out. He keeps emphasizing how understanding he's being, while adding that if it were up to the trustees they'd have me out tomorrow. I don't know if that's relevant, but it seemed sleezy. He asked me if I needed a day to breathe and figure it out. I told him I'd touch base with him tomorrow. He said once I gave him a date I could be out, he'd tell me where to send December rent (seemingly accepting that I had paid November rent) and that he'd send me an agreement to sign saying I'd be out at such and such date. The problem: I don't have awesome rental history, as mentioned before, and I have an eviction on my record. I also train dogs for a living, which landlords don't seem to love. I have 2 kids, which means I need 3 bedrooms in the middle of winter in one of the best school districts in the state in my budget. After a cursory search through the usual sites, I'm literally finding nothing that suits my needs, out of my budget or no. I've already left messages with a few attorneys in the area that deal with landlord/tenant law and am waiting to hear back. What are my rights? If I tell him I won't leave and want to sit out my lease, can the trustees evict me for non-payment of December rent, even though I didn't know where to pay it and still don't know where to send it? Additionally, I was in the process of ripping up and bleaching the basement to get rid of the mold down there, and had previously agreed with my landlord that I would take labor and cost out of rent. That obviously won't happen now, so what should I do about the mold at this point? My bedroom is down there, so it's not something I can just sit on.  You're good, as other have been commenting, until your lease ends. However, you may want to talk to the attorney about "cash for keys." Ask if the trustees are willing to get you to pay to leave. Ask for well above the amount you'd settle for. Get several months' rent and the cost it would be to have a professional move you. With enough cash in hand you may be able to get someone to rent to you. You should first see if there's a suitable place you can go and get approved for before you offer this. Good schools, place for the dogs. Check it out. Tell the prospective landlord you're willing to pay a bunch of money upfront and it'll help you get approved.  your lease is through August. If they sell the property, it is with you as a tenant through August. You can ask the landlord (now his estate) to clean the mold. You can offer to clean it yourself, but get everything in writing. What they will and will not pay for. Pay your rent with a check.  IANAL. Save that Dec. rent and any further rents you have till you know where to pay them. My understanding is the executor of your landlord's estate is responsible for collecting the rents on any of his properties. That's the person you'll pay. From what I understand, in most states, you are allowed to finish out your lease UNLESS somewhere in the lease itself it says if property is sold you have X amount of days to vacate. Either way, they will have to properly evict you which means going to court. First they have to give you a pay or quit notice. If you don't pay they take you to court and at that point the judge should give you the opportunity to pay what you owe in rent (plan on late fees too) and you can argue for the rest of your lease. As I said, IANAL, so if any lawyers have corrections to what I believe, please chime in. Good luck OP. I'm not a lawyer, but I believe if you have a lease through August, they are required to honor that. When a new owner/trustees acquire a property, the existing leases carry over and remain enforceable. You should call a tenant's rights hotline in your area to get a clearer idea of your rights, and wait to hear back from a lawyer, who will obviously know better than us or the hotline. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.