 So just a bit of backstory here... Last week my wife was in a Dollar Tree with her mother and the child she nannies. She was trying to grab some cheap mugs and stuff for a Christmas gift her mother was making for someone. When she came into the store, an employee helped her place the child into the cart/seat/thing, and commented on how cool her wallet was (its a small, handmade wallet a friend gave her - kind of a cross between a wallet and a clutch). She then proceeded to walk around the store, and noticed an employee following her and her mother around. She finally made it to the aisle with the mugs, and the creepy employee who had been following her started staring at her, and stocking shelves near where she was standing. My wife turned around to grab one of the mugs from the shelf, turned back around, and her wallet was gone and so was the employee. We later found out the employee clocked out immediately following the incident and left, we believe, in the middle of his shift. My wife immediately called me and asked what she should do, I told her to speak with a manager and that I was leaving work to come see what was going on. I also told her to call the police, which she didn't feel comfortable doing. My wife is the most kind and caring person I've ever met, and hates confrontation, so I told her I would call them. The police arrive shortly before I do and ask her some standard questions. I arrive and speak with the officer about what our next steps should be. He informs me that the managers of the store were refusing to let him review any kind of security video, and were also not allowing him into the store office to speak privately about the issue. I was then told the manager somehow knew my wife's wallet was stolen (not missing or misplaced) prior to my wife even asking about it. Apparently she asked to speak with a manager, and the manager came out, rolled her eyes, and said "I know - you're wallet got stolen." My wife then informed her I called the police, and the manager scoffed, then went back into the store office. The officer ended up calling a number of area Dollar Trees to get the name of the area manager, who he then spoke with. The area manager called the store and instructed them to comply with any requests the officer made. The store manager then came out, with a huge attitude, and demanded the officer sign a bunch of paperwork because he was "unauthorized" to be in the store office. The officer was finally able to get in, and conveniently all cameras in the store were either off or not functioning except for a single camera in the stock room, so there was no evidence of the wallet being taken. The officer then asked where the employee who had been stocking shelves and following my wife around was, and they said "he left." So my question is this: do my wife and I have any legal recourse against Dollar Tree? Other questions to consider: \-Is there any kind of law or anything that requires they have working security cameras or anything like that? \-How would the manager have known the wallet was stolen prior to my wife speaking with her about it? \-Why did the employee who was following her around leave immediately after (3:58PM)? \-Why were they so averse to helping us out when it was reported as stolen? \-Why did they refuse to let the office investigate the issue as he needed, by restricting his access for a period of time to security cameras? Any help would be great! TL;DR: My wife had her wallet stolen by a Dollar Tree employee. The store seemed to know about it happening before she brought it up, and then refused to help us or the police. [removed] BBB rating matters for B2B too. Some companies just won't deal with you if you have unresolved BBB complaints. Honestly if you can't handle a piddly issue like a BBB complaint you probably can't handle dealing with actual problems anyway.  I believe a couple hundred dollars, depending on how much my wife spent that day. The wallet itself wasn't expensive, just sentimental. [removed] Gary Philbin is the CEO of Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. Email him at gphilbin at familydollar.com Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Was there any money in the wallet? or was the wallet itself expensive? If you have actual monetary damages, I would file a civil suit(for conversion) against DollarTree and the John Doe employee.  You can also file a consumer complaint with your state Attorney General's Office. I used to respond to BBB complaints and AG complaints at my old company. The AG complaints were taken more seriously and were resolved in a more favorable way to the consumer than the BBB complaints were. Good luck. [removed] So they very clearly destroyed evidence and the police are just OK with that? Doesn't smell right to me. If you want to get your memories/pictures/wallet back, offer a sizable reward for information leading to the return of those items. You won’t get cash but it’s likely someone at the store would like the reward...you may see people start to want help you when money is offered. If you have money you could even offer a reward for information leading to the arrest of the person responsible. Some people tend to lose their loyalties when they see dollar signs. Just an idea... Meh all it means is you're the exception not the rule. That’s fair. It may have also been that corporate took care of it for us (although it didn’t seem like they were going to do anything like that) but honestly I guess I can’t be 100% sure  BBB matters to companies who actually care what their customers think about them. It may only be "Yelp" for old people, but lots of old people have learned to shop online now and BBB rating is a key indicator in whether they'll shop with you or not. And trust me when I talk about very large organizations. Source: Work for a company that recently sold for billions and has management personally deal with BBB complaints to get resolutions same-day.  Police should follow up on the criminal investigation. Dollar Tree does not have to cooperate with police. In fact it's not uncommon for corporations to require affidavits or warrants in order to release any information. Have you checked to see if any of her credit cards have been used? If they have there is probably video of the use and that would be huge for her case especially if it shows the employee using the card. You may have better luck contacting Dollar Tree corporate such as the district manager or regional manager to relay your concerns. Keep escalating. Those cameras aren't just for customer security, but also for insurance. That may be true, but from my personal experience I've had issues with large companies twice that were to the level where I've filed complaints with the BBB and both times I got calls from higher ups that resolved the issue like they had a fire under their butt. I know an anecdote is not evidence but as much as this sub trashes the BBB I wanted to add my 2 cents Possible but hard to prove Not a cop nor a lawyer, but I have family that are. Their impression is the manager of the store could be guilty of interfering with an investigation if they turned off the security cameras especially if they deleted the footage after refusing to cooperate with the officer. You may be able to submit the officers report to the store's headquarters to escalate things. Eh, not really anymore. If it’s a larger corporate entity it doesn’t really affect your smaller location and corporate will tell you it’s fine. Source: worked at a store that only checks its mail once in a blue moon- found a BBB letter that had a due date for resolution already passed and freaked out. Higher ups told us don’t worry about it. Nothing happened.  What if he deleted the tape? While he went back in he could have deleted it and turned off the cameras. Correct - though most organizations pay close attention to their BBB rating, and generally will resolve disputes once a complaint has been filed. Fyi, the BBB is not a government entity. It's Yelp for old people. The manager sounds like a shitty manager who is helping people steal from the store by turning off the cameras and either the employees are in on it too or found out about and are now doing it too because they can get away with it. That's the only reason I could think of as to why they would be so stand-offish by letting a cop review the cameras. Your wife should follow up with the area manager about that, but other than that, there's likely no recourse that can be made against Dollar Tree itself.  That is kind of what I figured. I sent in a complaint to DT Corporate, but have not heard anything back. I also tried to file a complaint with the BBB, but this particular store isn't even listed. Just sucks - 5 days before Christmas, a bunch of cash and other memories are just gone. The police were your best bet. I'm sorry they weren't helpful. I would keep escalating the issue up the Dollar Tree chain of management, as high as you need to go. I agree that the situation is sketchy. If you keep escalating, hopefully you'll get to someone who actually cares.