 I moved overseas several years ago and lost access to some stock accounts. I was reminded earlier this year that I had these accounts and tried to track them down. I contacted the transfer agents handing the stock purchases and they told me the accounts had been "escheated" in 2016. The accounts were tagged as abandoned and my shares were forwarded to New York State's Comptroller's abandoned property office. According to the transfer agents, a combination of physical stock certificates and checks for the sold stock were mailed to the Comptroller. The Comptroller's office can't find any abandoned property under my name/address/SSN. I'm now stuck in the middle. The Comptroller's office swear that they don't have my stock and they're not responsible for trying to find it. The transfer agents swear that they escheated the stock and they're not responsible for communicating with NYS to find it. Neither the comptroller's office or the transfer agents will talk to each other. What do I need to do legally to get someone to find (or reissue) my lost shares?  This is a tough situation. The broker is the more obvious target here to go after than the state since they had a contractual relationship with you and owed you a fiduciary duty. You could try querying other lost property databases (or hire a PI to do the same) on the off chance it was misdirected. You could try contacting both parties in writing by certified mail. Sometimes mailed correspondence is taken more seriously than phone calls that can be ignored. Eventually you should make this a problem of the chief compliance officer of the broker and force them to give you any records of the transfer. You could try threatening them with a FINRA complaint. If they mishandled your assets, it would be a regulatory violation they would most likely work to avoid. You could also try threatening or actually filing a claim against their errors and omissions insurance policy. Last resort you may need to hire an attorney to sort this out but it could be costly. You may be able to find someone to help you on a contingent basis for a portion of the recovered proceeds. An attorney may have more clout threatening FINRA and E O claims than you on your own. It depends on how receptive the compliance office is to your personal efforts.