 Long story short, my grandfather married years back. (Circa 2005?) Things seemed great. Happy couple. Skip ahead to 2016, my grandfather gets "Diagnosed" as Alzheimer's. As far as I know, he never received a second evaluation. The Wife then convinces him to sign papers signing his legal rights away. Assets, medical care, etc. My mother moved down to Florida to take care of him, but upon arrival the wife checked him into a home, in a lockdown unit. Then went on to tell the home my mother was not allowed to see him. The wife transferred all the assets he had out of his name, and is then convincing him he had nothing. He still receives pension from his time in the Marines but she even receives that. Weve tried to consult a few lawyers, for a hefty consultation, but they've told us their isnt much for us to do. Please help! Thanks. It's really hard on the family. Especially this time of year :( Sadly that is the normal progression of Dementia. Florida requires an 1823 form be completed by a doctor before any placement in assisted living is made. The 1823 shows his level of functionality, diagnosis etc. While he’s in the facility there most likely is another physician that takes over his care and the facility does an evaluation most likely every 6 months or yearly. Those facilities are in high demand they typically aren’t in the business of caring for some one who doesn’t need it. That being said if your grandfather is of sound mind have him sign a hipaa release and try to speak with the doctor or nurse in charge of the facility. Order a copy of his medical records and see what they say. Again though placement in that level of care doesn’t typically happen by accident and they will most likely deny the release of records if signed by a person with moderate to advanced dementia He's in a ward with people who are non verbal, and hardly functional. Seems like mental abuse and anguish to force a normal functioning person in to. He receives a pension for his 30+ years and I think the rest, if not all, is covered by marines. Out of my realm of experience as I work with private pay insurance. I don’t know what the military requires for that benefit, but unless the doctors feel he needs that level of care there’s no way they would keep him in a locked memory unit. Most private pay policies require the dementia to be at a severe level to reimburse I’m guessing the military has a similar requirement. I’d recommend speaking with an attorney but if the medical records support a need for memory care and it’s his wife’s decision to get him the care not sure much can be done. It's a federal veteran hospital. His pension and the marines cover it Memory care in Florida requires a physician to sign off on and the facility wouldn’t keep him in that level of care unless he is severe and a danger to him self or others. They also aren’t cheap she must be paying for the care. Most likely it’s the level he needs. Your comment has been removed for the following reason(s): You are replying to your own post. Rather than reply to your own post, either reply to the comment you're replying to or edit your post to put the information there. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.YOUR COMMENT HAS BEEN REMOVED. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. At lunch with him now. Will look into this after. Thanks I agree this is a step you should take. Here’s their info: http://www.myflfamilies.com/service-programs/adult-protective-services Have you called Adult Protective Services? It's only been 3 months I believe they only went to one doctor and I personally do not believe the diagnosis. The lockdown unit means he doesn't have free access in and out of his room. Forced to wear an ankle monitor. She's paying for the husbands care, with his money, but he doesn't even want to be there or know how long she has put him up in there and gets upset everytime over it Why is "diagnosed" in quotations? Was he diagnosed by a competent medical provider or not? If he had a valid diagnosis it made a ton of sense for his spouse to get durable power of attorney and other basic estate planning rights because once Alzheimer's goes fully into effect it's impossible to take some necessary steps without establishing a guardianship through a court. What is a "lockdown unit"? An Alzheimer's care facility that stops patients from wandering out into the street and getting lost? Is she not paying for the husband's care and if she is, why shouldn't she get the pension (really if she's designated the beneficiary why shouldn't she get it)?