 So I signed a lease a few days ago on 12/22/18 for an apartment in North Carolina for next year 8/2019 through 8/2020 and I am worried that I will need to cancel it to find an apartment closer to work.. I won't know whether I need to cancel it until 1/2/2019 though in about a week cause I might switch jobs and find out then.. If I find out that it would be beneficial to live closer to work, how bad would it be to cancel the lease? Would I get fined a lot? I don't want to have to sublease the place! Canceling the lease would be much easier on me.  That sounds like you will have to pay 85% of 1 months rent as well as find someone to take over the lease for you. There should also be some terms in the lease on if you have anytime to cancel the lease without penalty. Sometimes you get like 2 days to cancel. If you can't find anyone to sublease you could be responsible for rent for the entire lease term. I own rental properties and am a licensed Realtor (not in NC) and if I was the landlord I would probably keep your deposit and let you out of the lease since I still have 8 months to find a new tenant. If you were already living there and wanted to leave that is when I would charge you rent until I could get your unit rented to someone else. Your lease term has not even technically started and those clauses are really for tenants that have moved in and want to break their lease. You should just talk to the landlord. Since you are giving them 8 months to find a new tenant I would think they would be pretty easy going. Also, if the apartment is ready now but they can't rent it on a short term lease you may be doing them a favor because they can get someone moved in asap and not have a vacant non-income producing unit for 8 months. Good luck! Yes it does. One way or the other it will cost you. in the event that you the tenant breaches the lease agreement prior to the expiration of the lease term, inluded in the damages owed by you are the following: a. You will owe a fee equal to the greater of $0.00 or 85% of one months rent and any concession previously received before any transaction can start. b. You will owe 100% of rent and utility costs until sublessee's lease commenses. c. Security deposit will be dispersed to original lessor within 30 days after sublessee's lease commences d. all damages to unit... blah blah (not relevant cause haven't been living there) e. when the tenant chooses to find a new tenant on their own, the new tenant must apply, be approved, and sign a new lease. only then will previous tenant's contract be terminated. Above is the terms I found. Sounds like the landlord wants me to find the replacement tenant. in the event that you the tenant breaches the lease agreement prior to the expiration of the lease term, inluded in the damages owed by you are the following: a. You will owe a fee equal to the greater of $0.00 or 85% of one months rent and any concession previously received before any transaction can start. b. You will owe 100% of rent and utility costs until sublessee's lease commenses. c. Security deposit will be dispersed to original lessor within 30 days after sublessee's lease commences d. all damages to unit... blah blah (not relevant cause haven't been living there) e. when the tenant chooses to find a new tenant on their own, the new tenant must apply, be approved, and sign a new lease. only then will previous tenant's contract be terminated. Above is the terms I found.. Sounds expensive..? That depends on the terms of the lease and what it has to say about breaking it. You're not due to start paying monthly until August of next year? If the landlord can't find a tenant in that amount of time he's really not doing his duty to mitigate damages. The only place to know what it will cost you is in the lease you signed. In there it should give very specific wording on what it will cost to cancel a lease. 2 months rent is what you should expect. 