 So rewind a few years back, i was a 17 year old with a newborn baby. I was living with my daughters mother and her mother as we were both still in school. My daughters mother and grandmother didn’t get along well and continuously were arguing over anything and everything. Long story short, during school i was working after, only person working mind you, to buy things for the baby and food for us to eat. She constantly verbally abused me and cheated on me, so i eventually decided i had enough and left. She left at the same time, just upped and moved. I told the grandmother i would be going back the next day once i got settled in to get my daughter to have her move in with me, since the mother didnt want anything to do with her. She says ok. Next day as im getting ready to leave, a sheriff pulls up and serves me a subpoena to court saying that the grandmother had been granted temporary custody to my child. I go to court, and they say that i was subservient to the childs mother and that i was mentally unstable as well as financially unable to take care of a child. That has been 7 years ago now. I have paid child support to the grandmother since then and we have set visitation days. Of course the mother has been long gone for years and has not seen our daughter, just me. I’ve gone to court several times over it trying to get her back but to no avail. I’ve been at my job for 6 years now, make pretty decent money, own 3 nice cars and not struggling. But yet they wont allow me. I have never been arrested, i have never been to a mental institution or prescribed any medicine for mental problems. What gives? As far as i knew grandparents have no custodial right in the state of North carolina. Grandmother was a CPS worker in this state for 40 years and i feel like she was able to get some type of pull in this situation. All of her children were adopted including my daughters mother. I tried going to a different county to maybe get some people that do not know her to work on this case, but they say since we reside here it can only be done in this county. I need help please; i want to be a father to her but im not being allowed. I havent even been allowed to visit her at school ever.. I misread, you have my apologies When they said i was all that, i was none of it. But they werent having it. I had been at a good job, my own place, my own car 740 credit score. Not one bit of proof. So i didn’t voluntarily give up custody.. thank you IANAL. Take advantage of every moment of visitation. Continue to pay CS bc that’s for your kid. Keep a log of every communication especially those times when she refuses to let you have your daughter overnight and the reasons. I would highly recommend pursuing a Guardian ad Litem [generally these are volunteers who are very well-versed in family laws can advocate for your daughter. I believe they are trained or certified on behalf of your state but I’m not 100%. They don’t fight for you or grandma but your daughter specifically] they can be court ordered - sometimes they are attorneys as well [they can then testify on behalf of your daughter] that will make them costly obv but could absolutely help you. They should be free as long as they aren’t also an attorney. They will drop in at your home and hers to get a firm picture of life at both homes, they’ll interview Drs/teachers/family members/family friends.... if they drop in and find drug paraphernalia within reach of your daughter, they’ll document it [likely take action against grandma] original orders can be modified, it can just be hella hard and costly. Bear in mind if you get primary/sole custody of your daughter, there will be an acclimation to her new surroundings that will likely need to be supported by therapists. Questions you may need to be prepared for are: Will she stay in the same school she’s in now? Are you able to keep her connected to her friends and peers? [Not an end-all/be-all but being able to keep her life as normal as it is now, besides where she falls asleep, could work strongly in your favor] just things to consider.. I wish you the best of luck  Bongs and pipes! In your situation I would be very concerned especially if they are in your child's bedroom and given the age she is she would know what's going on! Can you afford a private investigator that can document behavior at the house? because if there is that sort of stuff just living around I would bet my bottom dollar the truth is far worse. Ok. You are doing the right thing. I'd give it some time, like maybe a year and try again and hope for a different judge. Continue documenting, including statements about her not wanting your daughter to learn your language. If your daughter calls her mom, don't undermine that, and try to avoid speaking bad about her to your daughter. Keep showing up for the visitation she is letting you have. Just curious, which is the overnight you are supposed to have? Any chance it is Saturday or Sunday, or what does the order say exactly? Yes it was in the agreement when we went into mediation. I’ve told her i was going to take her back to court if she does not allow me to and she just keeps threatening me, so thats my next step. i have been working on teaching her, but all i hear is complaints from her now because she says “mom says i dont have to learn Spanish” she calls her mom because she calls herself that to her. I have kept every single note letter or text from that lady and have brought it up at court. As well as pictures of how dirty the house was, all the beer bottles and bongs/pipes. When i brought it up in court that there were weed pipes in my daughters room, i got accused i staged it all and they threw it out. Ok. By "supposed to have her overnight" do you mean there is a court order giving you an overnight? I'd focus on enforcing the existing court order. I'd also start working with your daughter on learning Spanish. Practice basic words with her like hello, goodbye, etc, teach her how to write those words since she's probably learning to write in school. Teach her some fun Christmas songs en espanol. If there are spanish language learning programs for children her age at her school or in your community, I'd try to get her signed up for them. If Grandma opposes her learning the language and makes comments that suggest her opposition to Spanish is racist, I'd keep a journal record of that or screenshot any texts, etc.  I have her every saturday and sunday for a few hours. 630-9pm saturdays and 2-6pm on sundays. Supposed to have her overnight every other week but she has not allowed it for a few months now, saying that she doesnt like us “speaking Spanish rapidly around her” because she cant understand. We are a hispanic family. I went by myself first time , but i found out that wasnt smart. I hired a lawyer since then and been back with my lawyer but no difference. She’s 8 now actually just turned 8 few weeks ago.  How much visitation do you have? When you say you tried to "get her back" do you mean sole custody? How much visitation do you currently have? Do you have overnights? I would probably start by focusing on increasing the amount of court ordered visitation and go from there. There's something to be said for keeping her residence stable. You hire an attorney to fight for your custody. And you make sure you are 100% consistent with visitation When you went back to court, were you representing yourself or did you have a lawyer? If you don't have a lawyer, you need one. I'm not in your state but I would imagine by this point you're facing an uphill battle because your daughter is 7 and you would need to convince the court that removing her from the only home she's ever known is in her best interest (not yours, hers). Family law varies wildly across states. A lawyer who is familiar with your local laws is your best bet.