 I'm in a weird custody thing with my ex husband (not the father) for my toddler. He has a lawyer and I do not since I can not afford one and the legal aid in my area doesn't represent people but helps them file the paper work correctly and such. His lawyer is doted on by the judge and they talk golf sometimes after the hearing is over. The judge is very short with me and has beratated me about different things even though I haven't done anything wrong, have addressed him politely and always have my stuff in order to the best of my ability. I always follow the advice of the legal aid lawyer who helps me. I don't know what to do now that my ex has been granted unsupervised visits even though cps is investigating him. I got yelled at for them being called even though I didn't call them, a therapist she sees did. My kiddo is only 3, has speech issues and hasn't been alone with my ex or around him outside of our temp visitstion which was in a public place where my ex didn't interact with her 90% of the time. I wish I had any money for an attorney, I wish legal aid would have someone from their office at least come with me. But I'm at a huge loss here and I don't even know if this is okay legally with the investigation going on. Soon to be ex, baby is not his biologically and was concieved while separated thru IVF. He signed no papers for the procedure or after birth. He was briefly in her life but showed no care or interest for the child and the divorce is proceeding. Court found him to be the legal parent, he has to pay child support and we had supervised visits where he sat in a spot and stared at her playing for 1-4 hours. I'm in a relationship currently and he is actually invovled with her and she calls him daddy. Refuses to do so to my ex at his prodding for it..she calls him by his name rather than dad. I've gone to many consults and none can help me without money and I have no access to his money. In florida the attorney GALs have to be paid for and tend to favor the payers. Ive had sole custody, did everything for her and had her with me always. The cps is investigating him exposing himself to her and trying to forcefully pull her into a shower with him. Is this your ex (as in a divorce has been finalized), or soon to be ex? Also, the "ex" is not the father of the toddler? You mean not the father legally, not the father biologically, not the father in any way? Regardless, it's very hard not to give a response of "You need an attorney". Many attorney's offer free or cheap initial consultations. And, depending on if it's your ex we are talking about, or your soon to be ex, you may be able to access marital property or credit to finance the lawyer. Short of that, I might be tempted to suggest petitioning the courts to appoint a Guardian ad litem who would be the attorney, advocating for the best interests of the child. But, I'm not going to do that, because I am not familiar with specifics of Florida. And, in some jurisdictions GAL's are not the best idea. Over all, I do not see granting unsupervised visitation to be beyond the pale in the circumstance you describe (except for the suggestion that your ex is not the father). By default, parents start with an assumption of 50/50 custody. And a single CPS investigation (depending on it's nature) is not going to rule out unsupervised visit, at least not until it is founded.