 Ok, so here's a bit of context. I own my home here in Florida where I live alone. I have decided to rent out one of my rooms to someone that was recommended to me by a friend of mine. He's never given me any sort of issues until recently. - He's constantly moving changing the thermostat settings after being asked not to - He's gone banging on the neighbor's door if he considers that they are being too loud. I'm surprised he hasn't gotten the police called on him - He refuses to pay the rent increase that I have forwarded him about - He makes lots of noise at night after I ask him to not do it but if I come in a bit late he tells me to let him sleep because I'm violating his tenant rights I've told him over the past 2 or so months that because of these behaviors, I thought it best for him to just leave but he just tells me that as soon as he finished day something that he can afford, he would let me know. That never happens. So today, I let him know that the rent increase will go into effect as of January 1st. That being said I did tell him that if he isn't something that he can afford then he can live out the rest of the month which he has already paid for and that he can vacate by the 31st. He told me that his "contract" isn't up until June (there is no contract, just a verbal agreement to the amount to be paid and when). Plus he said, I'm not paying more than 500.00 because that's what was agreed on. He keeps telling me that he's not leaving until his "contract" is up but it's more like he simply doesn't want to leave and I'm a bit scared that if I call the cops, I don't know how he'll react or even if the cops will help me at all.  Thank you! I've already begun the letter and will have it notarized tonight. Thank you!  In that case he sounds like a month to month tenant so you just need to follow the advice already posted. Good luck! Also, being that there wasn't any type of agreement other than the payment terms, can I still legally ask him to leave by writing if it gets to that point?  There was no verbal agreement to how long he would stay. It was just that he would pay 500 on the first of every month as long as he was here. That's why I don't see why he emphasized the contract that doesn't exist. Maybe because he started living here a few June's ago  If the verbal agreement was through June, then you can’t raise his rates until June legally. However, it would be hard to enforce such a verbal agreement. I might suggest a written lease through June that details his rights and responsibilities and clearly states he is not to touch the thermostat or disturb neighbors. That way he has the protection of a lease (which he might desire) and you have the protection against those other annoyances.  If he's a month-to-month tenant, then you can serve him written, 15-day notice to vacate, and if he fails to vacate after those 15 days, you can file for a formal eviction with the courts ("unlawful detainer").