 Hi guys first of all thanks in advance for hearing me out. Ok so here goes. I’ve been “talking” to a boy in my class at the school I go to - a community college. He has sent me some nude photos that I request from him. Several very private and intimate photos, including ones where there are objects inside or around his private areas. TBH I was not really interested in this guy, just wanted to see how far he was willing to go to comply with my requests. My best friend knows about this guy and we joke about him behind his back but he had no idea. She thinks he is a straight up loser with no hope, meanwhile I think it’s just a weirdo but he’s not ugly or anything. He honestly just needs a better fashion sense and probably also to loose his virginity lmao. Anyhow, my friend asked to borrow my phone the other day and I said sure. Well while doing so she apparently texted herself the entire album of his private nude photos and then deleted the text on my phone. I suspect this although I have no proof, because the very next day, an Instagram account was created of his intimate photos and the link to the account was anonymously posted to our class’s online messageboard. Additionally, these pictures were printed out and left out in several of the lobbies in the building. My friend is honestly fucking stupid for doing this because now i am the one in trouble because the school thinks it was me who did it. I have no proof it wasn’t me, because my friend must have deleted the text that she sent herself from my phone with all these photos attached. I’m risking being suspended for this and my friend thinks it’s funny. Her idea to damage control it is to say that he sent me these photos unsolicited and therefore he sexually harassed me and this way I can spin it that I am publicly shaming to teach him a lesson, While that sounds like a great idea, if this guy has copies of the texts between us then there is proof that I requested them. I do feel kinda bad that this happened to the guy but this isn’t my fault. And now I’m worried that I might be suspended and loose time away from school because of my friends stupid mistake. I also don’t have any proof that my friend stole these photos from me because she deleted the text like I said. And her admission of doing so was strictly in person and I have no proof of it. Please help. Location = NY state Did you try to recover it off the iPhone? Deleted iMessages aren't really deleted, the data is marked as ok to overwrite and just sits there until it is so it can potentially be recovered with the right software. Ask on r/iphone OP and her friend both sound like awful people. AFAIK ya Doesn’t work that way for iPhones. iMessage goes through Apple networks You're all over 18, right? [removed] If you have a major phone carrier just go to your account online and copy out your phone records for that month. The text sent and received messages will appear by number, date and time. So if your friend sent and then deleted a text it will still appear on your phone records.  As I recall, New York has laws against revenge porn. Distributing intimate photos without the subject's consent is illegal, and to all appearances you're the one who did it. You said yourself you asked for these pictures just to see how far you could get him to go, after waxing poetic about him being a loser. The level of immaturity you've shown from the start here is baffling, and trying to justify what you did after the fact, refusing to see any wrong in it, doesn't help your case. You were cruel. You agreed to let this friend look at sexually explicit photos sent privately to you. Your reputation as far as the school is concerned is already shot. This is your fault, because it would never have happened if you'd kept the existence of these photos private the way you were meant to from the start. If you don't get a visit from the cops I will be very surprised, and showing concern only for yourself isn't going to make you a sympathetic suspect. It sure sounds like you were just trying to hurt him. Why else would you play with a boy mind making him think you want these pictures because you are sexually attracted to him. The fact the you chose to do this for fun makes me not feel bad for you. I hope the school does the right thing and suspend you and hopefully your friend too.  I didn’t ask him just to mock him. I never intended to share the photos with anyone else but when my friend found out that I got him to sext me pictures of his ass with a dildo shoved up it, she decided to try to steal them off my phone. Which she did. This isn’t my fault. Also criminal charges. Really? Come on. He’s 19, not a child. It’s not child porn. I am worried about my record as a student which right now is being tarnished. So you requested these photos for purposes of mocking him to begin with. Let's not forget that your motivation was trolling him. You may well be fucked here unless you can convince those in authority that your friend is responsible for this. And the story sounds incredibly flimsy to me. You should talk to a criminal defense lawyer, because spreading this stuff around could lead to criminal charges. School is the least of your worries. Goes without saying you should stop acting like a vile, vicious child, too. If you accuse this dude of sexual harassment he’s 100% gonna bring up the fact that he has evidence you asked for them. You can get suspended or expelled for this. Tell the truth, even if you don’t have proof. You were messing with a guy and now he’s probably embarrassed to even go to school. Your friend can be criminally charged for this. If it turns into an actual investigation as long as you tell the truth they could possibly find a way to prove it was her. Phone companies can usually pull up a record of messages sent even if they were deleted off your phone.   Lying is never a great idea. Even if you're innocent of this thing, lying to cover it up won't help. And really, you figure if you accuse this guy of sexual harassment he won't cough up your conversations where it's clear it isn't? You provide your honest, truthful defense. They may or may not believe it. You can't force them to.