 Asking on behalf of my landlady; apologies for lack of details and discontinuity. My landlady, whom I've lived with for six months, recently started a new job. She's been there for three months. This is her first job since 2012. Last week she received an official looking letter from ADP (her company's payroll processor) stating that her wages are going to be garnished 25% until a nearly $5000 bill was paid to a law firm, which appears to be a local collection agency for Ford Motor Company. She definitely cannot afford this garnishment. In 1999 she entered a lease-to-own contract with Ford for one vehicle to be her daily driver, which she thought she paid off in 2009. She was excited to pay off the car after an embarrassing ten years of payments. However, Ford "surprised her" by saying she still owed two final payments that were late before she officially owned the car. Angrily, she responded to Ford that she wasn't going to pay those two late payments after ten years of paying off the vehicle. The sum was roughly $700 (two late payments at $350/month). She does not have the pinkslip for the vehicle. Fast forward to the present. The letter she received recently from the collection agency has her correct social security number, her correct current employer, her correct current address, and correct name. The letter also has a court case number from the Superior Court of Santa Ana and a levying officer's number from the Los Angeles County Sheriff. However no results came back when I looked up the court case number for her on the [Orange County court system website]() or the [Los Angeles county court website](). Her daughter also checked the Orange County civil and criminal databases using the court case number; still no results. Oddly, there are no results despite the letter saying this civil motion was originally filed ten years ago. My landlady says she never went to court over the amount in arrears nor was she notified of collection. She claims she has all correspondence regarding the vehicle and the debt. She also claims that she has no auto title loans on the vehicle. She claims she has good credit. She claims her vehicle (daily driver) is registered and insured. However I do not know her well enough to know if this is true nor do I have further details. She will receive her next paystub this Friday. She is unsure if this is even a real case, nor does she know what to do if her wages are garnished for what seems like an incredibly excessive amount compared to the original $700 in arrears. She is waiting on her paystub to see if this issue is legitimate. If legitimate, I'm assuming some insane interest charges, plus late fees, plus collection fees are to blame for the amount owed over $700. Why wasn't the car just repo'ed? My landlady feels she should not have to pay $5000 on $700 in arrears and she feels the garnishment process is much further along than it deserves to be since she was not notified of it. Any help is appreciated. Thank you.  This wouldn't be a criminal case. I don't think OC has all of its cases going back 10 years online. They didn't start imaging everything that long ago. Someone can go down to the courthouse in Santa Ana with the case number and ask them to look up the file. Honestly, this seems exceedingly unlikely. There are practices that specialize in this field, you could find a referral on your states bar association website if you don’t know a lawyer who could refer you. What type of lawyer should my landlady contact? She and I are oblivious to legal proceedings like this. The paperwork does refer to a civil judgement of some type but we are unable to verify all this ourselves.  There are numerous benefits to contacting the right attorney in regards to collections agencies. They can help with validation of the alleged debt, determining if it’s beyond the statute of limitations, and even seeking damages if the contact attempts are in violation of the fair debt collection practices act. Implying that a lawsuit is imminent when it is not is a common collections scheme and can be considered a deceptive act. A lawyer should evaluate the situation and advise her, but she may have already missed a court case and judgment went through... IANAL If the case is ten years old, the information may no longer be available online. She may have to call the court or go down there and request copies. Hard copies would be a good thing, especially if she wants to hire an attorney.  As a landlord-tenant paralegal in California, tasked with looking up case status in thousands of eviction cases, I can tell you the court case search systems are not always reliable in many counties. Also (and more likely culprit here), there is a masking of most eviction cases in the electronic system pursuant to statute. (it’s only supposed to be for certain period of time, however I have found a lot of courts just keep them masked forever - which may be the case here). Also the system can be very finicky with how you search for information and it has to do with how the info was put into The system. A capital letter or a period can throw the whole thing off. I once wasn’t able to find a case because the clerk that entered the information into the court system didn’t put a period after the middle initial (this is actually very common - they leave out punctuation all the time when entering info into the electronic system). If you can’t find the case in the electronic system, you should call the court to verify it exists. You may only be able to get this information via telephone with verifying information (in San Diego County and Riverside the court clerk just verifies you’re the right person with case number name and address of the premises in question). If you can’t get information via telephone, you may need to go down to the court in person to verify. I recommend bringing a photo ID to verify identity.