 So I live in A Tax adjusted property in Kalispell,Montana that just switched hands.Every so often we submit to fire alarm and maintenance checks. they gave us adequate notice 72 hours. as usual. Knock on the door and I let them in. Well the new landlady a licensed real estate professional here in Montana. without warning pulled out her tablet and started pointing it around. I ask them what are you doing? your notice said nothing about filming and i have 3 kids upstairs taking a nap. Well i asked them to stop. and they didn't. I just think it was really odd. And TBH i feel Violated. My wife went down to the office the very next day and asked Landlady what was she doing filming sleeping children. And why were they taking pictures of all our stuff. including children. her reply was that they "forgot" to mention they were going to be taking photos. And they did it to make sure we were up keeping the property,I dunno maybe this is nothing. But. I get a stomach ache and panic attack every time i think about it. Its been a week. i'm losing sleep. I also have 2 other pressing issues i need to put in another post. thanks for all your help. and happy holidays! TLDR; Landlady Filmed my kids sleeping during a routine home inspection. Thanks. Now i can focus on other things! It's perfectly normal to be protective of your children, sometimes you just need an outsiders view. This is the Sanity i was looking for! thanks!  They can take photos of the property. If they continually enter to take photos you may have an argument they are interfering with your rights to enjoy the property. Also, are you saying the LL went into the room where the kids were asleep to take photos? If you are asking if the Landlord is able to take pictures and record incidental video of the interior of the property, the answer is yes. If that video or those pictures happen to include you or your family in them, that is also not illegal. It sounds like she was there to do an inspection for the new leasing company/property management company, and didn't want to reschedule just because your kids are asleep. If you have reason to believe that she intentionally drove to your house to film your children sleeping under the guise of a home inspection, and is now doing nefarious things with that footage, then you can report it to the police. Personally, I think your parental instincts are clouding your judgement. This appears to be a routine inspection unless you have evidence otherwise. She filmed them sleeping or she pulled out a tablet and you told her they were sleeping upstairs?  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.