 I'm trying to help a friend out who just discovered nasty bedbugs in her apt. Per her lease agreement she notified the landlord immediatly. The LL questioned if she was sure they were bedbugs. There is no doubt. One was even saved in zip lock bag to prove it. The LL took about 36 hours to even come to the apt for discussion of the next steps. The LL then asked my friend if she got her furniture from the dumpster! That's a no. Instead of calling the exterminator to come to the apt. she provided my friend a spray to use to kill any bed bugs. The lease clearly states the tenant must notify the LL immediately, check, and then the LL is to get an exterminator to further evaluate the unit, no check, she was only given a spray. Upon further discussion with the LL it was revealed that bedbugs have been in that apt in the past, although we don't know when. My concern is my friend was now bitten by a few bed bugs and has identied more of the bugs in her unit. I would appreciate any advice of how to remedy this problem so the LL knows that a spray is totally unacceptable and needs to get a professional in to blast these bugs out!!!  So your friend needs to hold the line and reiterate that she wishes the stipulation in the lease to be executed as agreed. Probably smart to do so in writing in case the landlord continues to scoff. That way your friend will have the paper trail. That was her response to please schedule an exterminator. Her response to "Please, schedule an exterminator as stipulated in the lease" or her response to "I have bedbugs"...? Because it sounds like your friend has not actually addressed the fact that the landlord being responsible for an exterminator is in their lease. And again, that's what they need to do. It's a very simple issue to address as the next step: "Hey, this is in my lease as your commitment." This is her response: I am sorry to hear that. This apartment never had bedbugs issue since I purchased it in 2013. Bedbugs can travel with luggage. There are many such issues in hotels. You definitely don’t have to trash your bed. Don’t panic. If you find any bedbugs and you can reach them, kill them using paper towel without leaving marks on your belongings. It takes time to eventually resolve it. Check your bed, box, mattress, and under the cover of your bed. Kill them.  What did the landlord say when your friend questioned them about the fact that the lease stipulates they will schedule an exterminator? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.