 What can I do about this mess? It's obvious the officer was racking in tickets because it's the end of the year. I'm trying to call the county clerk of courts and explain to them to drop this ticket because of my dying cousin who is in the hospital. Theoretically if I play my cards right, who can drop this case other than the judge? I'm able to convince people with no real/dense motive. I couldn't convinced cw the officer after 20 minutes. It was clear he was ordered to have a certain number of tickets by his superiors. But anybody at the office, if I can strike the right cords, but who can I speak to? The city mismanaged money and now they want to take more of my hard earned wage to make up for some dumb shit. I'm not paying a ticket for just being over 9 mph. I don't have time to go to court because of a spinal procedure I am having on that date. They told me that I should just pay the amount and they will not place any points in my record. It's like extortion. I'm not gonna hire a lawyer lmfao. Pay him 500 so that I don't have to pay 150 worth of a ticket.  Normally on the day of court the prosecutor will be there and may be willing to negotiate deals. It isn't something ahead of time. Yeah. I realized that. I already know the judge will not drop it because in my past experience they are always miserable and see each person as a lying scumbag. I mean it's traffic court. Tell me more about the prosecution route. I mean this goes under the county, who should I speak to? I'm just trying to find better routes than just going to c the judge and fce the inevitable   'm not paying a ticket for just being over 9 mph Please do not say that to the judge or you will end up charged with contempt of court. You will pay what the court tells you to pay, one way or another. I would strongly recommend you pay the ticket and stop speeding, because you going to court will not end up well. For you. Your personal issues are not a basis to get a ticket dropped. The clerk cannot drop the ticket. You can hire a lawyer and go to court, or go to court on your own and seek to plea bargain the ticket down or try to convince the judge you are not guilty. The only people who can drop this are the judge or the person prosecuting. Prosecution is handled in varying ways in different jurisdictions. Don’t go into court and act entitled. It will just piss everyone off. Your best bet if you don’t want a lawyer is to go to court, apologize, and see if it can be lowered. It is unlikely to be dropped. If you don’t want to have to pay your hard earned money, don’t speed. Problem solved.   'm not paying a ticket for just being over 9 mph. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this will ultimately not be correct. Just pay the ticket then. You broke the law by speeding, you were fined, and you can either pay the fine, represent yourself in court and explain, or hire a lawyer to do all the work for you. You were speeding. It doesn’t really matter how much. Your cousin in the hospital has no relevance and bringing it up will make you just look foolish.  You're not entitled to have the ticket dropped and there are no magic words to say, or people that can guarantee that will happen. You can: 1. Pay the ticket 2. Plead not guilty and contest the ticket (on what grounds, I don't know) 3. Ask the court about any pre-trial programs like defensive driving or deferred adjudication 4. Ask the court for leniency 5. Hire an inexpensive traffic attorney to attempt to get the most favorable outcome possible \#3 and #5 probably stand the best chance at avoiding the full penalty/fine and possibly having the ticket removed from your record. Were you speeding? Dude, you were speeding. Normally they might not pull you over for that, but you were speeding and you admit that not sure what else you want us to say. You laid out your plans of action pretty well, and they are to hire a lawyer to try and get it reduced , or pay the fine. You apparently don’t like either of them but that’s what it is.   'm trying to call the county clerk of courts and explain to them to drop this ticket because of my dying cousin who is in the hospital In no universe would that ever work, true or manipulation. 't have time to go to court because of a spinal procedure I am having on that date So call the court and reschedule. With your attitude, the ticket will never be dropped and you'll pay the whole fine, you should consider adjusting it.  Were you going 44 in a 35? You can't just "have a ticket dropped". If you have a defense, you can present that in court. The clerk won't drop it. And your cousin's hospital stay is of absolutely no relevance. Neither are your conspiracy theories about policing. 