 I hired a contractor for drywall repairs and painting. On the 4th day (of an estimated 3 day job) I came home to find 2 workers at my garage door. The garage door and frame had been slammed into by a vehicle. They claimed it was not them. The only vehicle on the property at that time did not appear to have caused the damage. However several vehicles had come and went over the course of the week. The damage will range anywhere conservatively from $1000 to much more than double that if the whole door is to be replaced as it needs to be. The owner of the company assures me he questioned his guys and it wasn't them. Nobody else was at the house. No deliveries. No conceivable reason why anybody else would come up the driveway and run into the house in the middle of the afternoon. I chose to allow him to finish the original work while we negotiate the garage. His offers are unsatisfactory and I now want to withhold payment of $1800 to put toward proper garage repair. There was no written contract for this work. It was a friend of a friend type deal which I regret. I have been cycling through all the options but hoping I can get some legal advice to assist in what I'll ultimately do.  [removed] Talk to a lawyer about taking him to court about the door. Regardless of how that turns out it is unrelated to the job you hired them to do. Assuming they completed the job satisfactory you should pay for the work. Treat the two incidents as separated.  Generally, I would say if you try to withhold payment you're going to be the liable one for breach of contract - he was asked to do work and you agreed on a rate. You don't have proof it was his guys or vehicle that damaged the door. Pay him if his drywall work is acceptable as planned, then sue him in small claims court for the door - but again, you also have no proof there, either, so you may just have to put it through your homeowners insurance.  He could sue you, and probably win, since you just self-helped yourself to your contractually obligated payment with no proof they did it.