 I'm gonna try to keep this brief, while still giving as much info as possible. If you need any elaboration, please ask! My GF and I signed a 1 year lease for a cute little duplex in Alabama. Upon moving in we found that the electricity was shut off due to it not being transferred into the landlord's name after the prior tenant moved out. We spent our first 3 days with no electricity because of this. Additionally, the water had been shut off to our unit due to inactivity, which also took 3 days to get turned on. The oven/stove was completely dead. Took about 3 weeks and Many phone calls to get someone out here to fix it. All the sinks and the shower faucets were all new! Which was great! Except that they were all installed improperly. The kitchen sink, bathroom sink, shower faucet and dishwasher all leaked everywhere and we're unusable for over 2 weeks. The heater went out during our 3rd week, and due to the leasing agency, took 5 days to get repaired. I even have text messages with the repair man, stating that he was told NOT to come fix it on the first day because the leasing agent wanted it done by someone else, who was unavailable. Extending our tine in 30degree weather by 4 days. We are coming up on the month and a half mark, and Still don't have a key to our mailbox. This was discussed before signing our lease and we were assured they would get it to us immediately. Is there anything I can do here? We have been really trying to be good tenants, but this has been the worst month and a half they I have ever spent as a renter. Any advice would be much appreciated as we are nearing our whits end with this place. Thanks in advance r/legaladvice  Breaking the lease is all about proving that your place is uninhabitable. 5 days without heat depending on the temperature is definitely grounds to claim this, but you've already given them a chance to fix it so you can't use that as grounds retroactively, or any of the other issues. Next time something happens get in contact with the landlord via written communication (text or email). Even if the landlord calls you to discuss the issue tell him he needs to repeat whatever he said in writing. If you don't hear from him in a few hours contact him again. If you don't hear anything within 48 hours or the issue hasn't been fixed you have grounds to prove that your place isn't livable and you can state your intent to break your lease. Keep all of your correspondence with him. Be prepared for him to bring you to small claims court and be prepared to need to bring him to small claims court to get your deposit back.  One link is broken, and the other is missing Alabama on the state list. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.