 I moved into this great apartment in Santa Monica, CA with a view of the ocean in July. In August I got off to a rocky start with my building manager. She lives downstairs and makes everything fight. I had some plants in pots that dripped a couple times and she won't let it go. Her most recent tactic is to threaten eviction for my morning glories growing on the railing of my balcony. They returned my rent check from December and said they won't accept further payment until the morning glories are removed. Can I be evicted for not paying rent if my landlord refuses my payments ?  Seriously? Move the morning glories. Pay your rent. Communicate separately with the landlord about the problem and see if you can work out a resolution. Review your lease as well as any amendments that you agreed to. It probably has something about what can and cannot be on balconies, as well as disturbing other tenants. It is a shame that this is going on, but you really don't need to be in a fight with your building manager or landlord over flowers. Not if you have found a place you like.  Is this really the hill you want to die on? I tried to edit the post to be more clear. The eviction communication came from the landlord. My Plants haven't dripped in months.  You need to document that you sent the check. I’d resend it via certified mail and discuss their having returned it with them in writing, via email or text. Are your plants still dripping? Does your lease say anything about the railing? Would you like to continue living their after this lease concludes? Does your actual LL know about any of this? I mean maybe the plant matter is dropping on to your landlords area and it's annoying them. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.