 So there’s this new restaurant complex and I went to the local coffee shop to get a coffee. Parking is hard to find since there are a lot of new restaurants. I parked one row down from the coffee shop, and a business owner immediately ran outside screaming at me to move my car since it’s private property. I checked everywhere, and there is not one single sign or marking stating so. Can they legally tow my car or give me a ticket if there isn’t a sign stating that I cannot park there? (And I checked the entrance to the parking row, there’s not a single sign.) Interesting! Thanks for the response, at least I know not to park there now.  The parking spot was directly to the right of the building. The coffee shop is directly ahead (sort of a backwards L shape) You skipped over section 5 and posted the requirements to tow under section 5. . Except for property appurtenant to and obviously a part of a single-family residence, and except for instances when notice is personally given to the owner or other legally authorized person in control of the vehicle or vessel that the area in which that vehicle or vessel is parked is reserved or otherwise unavailable for unauthorized vehicles or vessels and that the vehicle or vessel is subject to being removed at the owner’s or operator’s expense, any property owner or lessee, or person authorized by the property owner or lessee, prior to towing or removing any vehicle or vessel from private property without the consent of the owner or other legally authorized person in control of that vehicle or vessel, must post a notice meeting the following requirements: Section 5 does not apply to an obviously single family residential lot nor does it apply when the driver of the vehicle has been personally notified. Since personal notification is exempt from section 5 none of the other requirements are needed. This is why it is legal to tow in FL with personal notification. The courts have held that notification to the owner by mail or affixing a notice to the vehicle in question 24 hours prior to towing are also personal notification to tow. Number 5 states Residence and " must post a notice meeting the following requirements: a. The notice must be prominently placed at each driveway access or curb cut allowing vehicular access to the property, within 5 feet from the public right-of-way line. If there are no curbs or access barriers, the signs must be posted not less than one sign for each 25 feet of lot frontage.b. The notice must clearly indicate, in not less than 2-inch high, light-reflective letters on a contrasting background, that unauthorized vehicles will be towed away at the owner’s expense. The words “tow-away zone” must be included on the sign in not less than 4-inch high letters.c. The notice must also provide the name and current telephone number of the person or firm towing or removing the vehicles or vessels.d. The sign structure containing the required notices must be permanently installed with the words “tow-away zone” not less than 3 feet and not more than 6 feet above ground level and must be continuously maintained on the property for not less than 24 hours prior to the towing or removal of any vehicles or vessels.e. The local government may require permitting and inspection of these signs prior to any towing or removal of vehicles or vessels being authorized.f. A business with 20 or fewer parking spaces satisfies the notice requirements of this subparagraph by prominently displaying a sign stating “Reserved Parking for Customers Only Unauthorized Vehicles or Vessels Will be Towed Away At the Owner’s Expense” in not less than 4-inch high, light-reflective letters on a contrasting background.g. A property owner towing or removing vessels from real property must post notice, consistent with the requirements in sub-subparagraphs a.-f., which apply to vehicles, that unauthorized vehicles or vessels will be towed away at the owner’s expense. A business owner or lessee may authorize the removal of a vehicle or vessel by a towing company when the vehicle or vessel is parked in such a manner that restricts the normal operation of business; and if a vehicle or vessel parked on a public right-of-way obstructs access to a private driveway the owner, lessee, or agent may have the vehicle or vessel removed by a towing company upon signing an order that the vehicle or vessel be removed without a posted tow-away zone sign. Read number 5. Notice was personally given. One row, not space. And I guess you didn't bother to read the other link to the Florida statutes regarding towing requirements. So you thought an owner on the opposite side of the coffee shop ran across to yell at the OP? The OP parked one space away from the coffee shop, which would be in front of a business adjacent to the coffee shop. A business owner came out and said 'you can't park there' it's a reasonable conclusion that was the owner of the business the OP parked in front of. Not that any of that precludes that persons ability to control that spot. They could own or have a lease on that spot regardless. Which is back the the OP hoping they are bluffing and parking there anyone. If they weren't bluffing the OP gets towed. According to this information, the answer is NO. It HAS to be posted. [http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App\_mode=Display\_Statute URL=0700-0799/0715/Sections/0715.07.html](http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute URL=0700-0799/0715/Sections/0715.07.html)  Never thought it was the coffee shop owner who told them that. Because you've seen it work that way does not mean every strip mall operates the same. Whoever has rights to the parking spot has the authority to have vehicles towed from it. If the person telling them not to park there has that authority, the OP would be towed. By the OP's description, the owner of the shop directly in front of the spot was the one to tell them to move. It's a reasonable conclusion that they have control of that spot. Your reading is likely incorrect as you seem to believe it's the owner of the coffee shop that told them to move, the op's destination was the coffee shop, I doubt the coffee shop is booting thier own customers. You can believe they don't have control of the spot, but it's not a defense if they have you legally towed. The OP stated they parked "one row down from the coffee shop". This tells me that he did not park right in front of the place where the person came out of. Some of these places (we call them strip malls) have parking right in front of the building as well as a regular parking lot. If any of the spots are directly leased to a specific business, they would be the couple right in front of it. The OP could take the gamble the shop keep is bluffing, but if the shop keep owns the property or thier lease gives them exclusive use of the spot, the OP would be responsible for all costs associated with towing and impound. Unless they have the spots marked for a specific business, they are open spots as long as you and not leaving the property. If it's private property and you've been informed they will tow, they can tow you. Signs are only one way of informing you. They can also tell you verbally, like they did, post notices on vehicles, or mail notices.