 I’m in California. This is a long one. My sister (20sF) recently moved home to my parents house and brought her kids with her. She has 2 kids, an infant and a 3 year old. My sister is bipolar and not taking any medication. She self medicates with marijuana only. She has incredible mood swings and often takes her anger out on her kids by yelling and screaming at them. She’s getting a divorce and her soon to be ex husband has taken the infant away from her, so that child is safe. The 3 year old is from a previous relationship and there is no father to come save her from my shit sister. My parents do their best to take care of the 3 year old, but they’re in their 70s and ill equipped to handle a rowdy 3 year old as well as my sisters mercurial moods. My sister lashes out at them on a regular basis and verbal arguments are common. She attacked my mother just before Christmas which resulted in my mom having a head injury, my dad punched in the face and my sister running off with the 3 year old and the sheriffs coming to the house. My parents didn’t press charges for assault and the deputy didn’t observe signs of mental illness so he left. All of this backstory to ask...can I or my parents have my sister admitted to a psychiatric hospital for treatment for bipolar disorder? I’m in another state and there is no one to shield my parents from her if she goes off again. Christmas discussions were centered around their fear that she’s going to snap and kill herself, my parents, or harm the 3 year old. Police help is at least 30 minutes away at best so we can’t rely on them. Tl;dr: looking for legal help to have bipolar violent sister committed before she kills someone. Thanks, Reddit.  [removed] Hi. I have asked myself this. I’m in Canada, and the situation is different (but not really), and I can answer this. Can you have her involuntarily committed against her will? No. And that is a net good. We cannot, except in extreme circumstances, compel a person to do something involuntarily/against their will. So this means that you or I cannot force someone to be involuntarily places/removed anywhere, but that also means that no one could do that to YOU. So yes, it absolutely sucks that we cannot force someone into treatment, but, neither can anyone force us into treatment, for any reason. But I’m not sick! But imagine if someone thought you were? Or if someone thought you NEEDED to be removed from society for not fitting into society. Like if you’re a homosexual. Or an atheist. Or a theist. Or a woman. You get the picture. The price of freedom means that these situations will happen. And it is awful, it’s the fucking worst. But it’s better than NOT having those freedoms. However: There are extenuating circumstances in which individuals can be held/treated against their will. We never had to do that, in our situation, so I don’t have particular advice regarding who to call/what to do, but other replies seem to be pointing you to similar places I would recommend. 1) she cannot be forced to take her meds. The commenter who suggested that if she lives in this house then she takes her meds means well, but there is a reason she is not taking/has stopped taking her meds. Unless op’s parents are willing to stick to their bottom line and force the sister out of the home (presumably with her children), there is little chance of this being anything other than an empty threat. 2) you may not be able to have her forcibly removed/treated/anything...but the legal system sure as hell can... 3) she already has made the mistakes that will more than likely lead to her involuntary treatment/incarceration. She did the heavy lifting for you, in a sense, but you need to follow up. 4) she has assaulted two people fairly badly - you and your family need to press charges. This will involve law enforcement who have the ability to involve medical professionals. 5) she has very young children and has already shown a willingness and ability to assault a vulnerable population (your older parents). 6) you need to keep records of what is happening. Email yourself, journal it, make a note on your phone, whatever. 7) her husband needs to know. Her husband also probably has a lawyer who may be able to speed up the process. 8) you need a safe place to go to if she assaults either your parents or her children. A friend or relative’s house where you can escape with the target victims. Pets, if you have them, need to be considered potential victims as well. Good luck. It sucks. It really does. You are not your sister’s keeper. You can love her and not like her, and it doesn’t make you a bad person. You may have to leave home earlier than you would like for your own sense of self and sanity. You can only do so much, your parents are adults and it is not your job to be their parents or your sister’s parent. So tldr: you need to involve the authorities. You need to inform law enforcement, you need to inform her husband’s legal team, you need to inform child protective services. If you know her doctor, inform them. You can ask your doctor’s office what they recommend as well. I’m sorry. Good luck. Further thinking on it, if you really think commitment would be the best option, voluntarily commitment looks a lot better if it's ever brought up in a court proceeding than an involuntarily commitment. The former can be explained that your sister recognized she had a problem and went to get help if it's questioned. It only has to look like a voluntary commitment on paper, which is to say she goes in and requests it. There can be external forces that persuade her to do it. Such as your parents stopping support or even threatening an involuntary commitment if she doesn't comply. That might be another option. Again, I'm not saying involuntarily commitment or CPS isn't an option, but when you bring either of those options into the fold, you lose the ability to control the situation. And a person isn't going to get help unless they choose to receive the benefits of that help. While the options I've given you aren't much of a choice for your sister, it's really just an all or nothing kind of choice. An involuntarily commitment isn't a choice at all. I'm a (now adult) child of a mother who did not medicate for her bipolar disorder (she also has BPD, but that's a whole 'nother can of worms). So many times I thought about having her committed, but I was a minor and I didn't have the backing of anyone else in my family to do it with me. I feel for you, your parents, and the kids. She needs help and she's probably not ever going to seek it on her own. Some bipolar people don't think they're bipolar. I honestly don't know if you should have her committed or call CPS first but take the advice in this thread to heart and don't ever stop thinking of those kids. I'm in my 30s and I'm still in therapy for what my mother did to me. Those kids have a long road ahead of them and the sooner they're in a better environment, the better it will be for them in the long run. Much love to you and your family. Hang in there. I can tell you from experience it does get better. It's going to get worse first, but it's going to get better. I promise. Personally, if it were me and she were living in my house, she would no longer have the option of not taking her meds and marijuana would not be on the menu. I would watch her take them everyday. I would go to the pharmacy with her to make sure she refilled her prescription. If she stopped taking them, she would no longer be welcomed in my house and would leave immediately or I would start the eviction process. The child could stay and at that point,I would take action to get custody of her child so that the child stays in my house so I know the child is being cared for. I would tell her all of this in no uncertain terms that this is the final straw and that this is the law of the land. Then once she's got the meds back in her system and is back to somewhat regular level she can start putting her life back together which would also become prerequisites to continue staying in my home. That would be my sticking point. Is to give her one last option to fly straight. And if she can't or won't do it, then leave her own her own and focus on the child. It's her rope. She can either use it to pull herself back up or she can hang herself with it.  Your recourse is calling CPS on her and calling the police for the assault. If you're unwilling to do either, then it is unlikely you'll be able to get her committed which is a much lengthier process with higher standards.  I second calling CPS. They are best equipped to protect the children. But the natural consequence of protecting the children will be mandating that the sister get on meds. Or, to be cold about it, if the remaining child gets taken by CPS and sister won’t get treatment, and grandparents can evict her and let her sort it out herself. Or maybe kid gets placed with grandparent and sister has to leave the house until her condition is managed.  What do you suggest? I’m open to anything at this point. I’m a bad explainer, and I’m sorry. If there was another way around this, or I thought she was a good mother that has her kids best interest at heart, I’d reconsider. But she’s not like that. She’s narcissistic and selfish and does things that benefit her, no matter who she hurts. The bipolar disorder is secondary to the absolute nightmare of a person that she was before the diagnosis. Her kids are better off without her, primarily because she can’t focus on anyone but herself. They live in her world. Her highs are their highs, her lows are their lows. It’s not a stable environment for kids, even with my parents doing their part. It’s a poisonous environment that will have lasting effects on her children as they mature.   't take care of herself anymore, she can't take care of her kids anymore either. I imagine that will probably contribute even more problems to her mental health. A willfully unmedicated, violent bipolar parent is an unfit parent. OP could chose a slightly less nuclear option and call CPS on the sister. They would either remove the child on a temporary basis and require mom to get on meds or just manage the situation in-home and require the mom to get on meds. Plus OP wants to protect their parents. If the sister is physically assaulting them she is completely out of control. Who gives a fuck what happens in her divorce at that point. Sister needs a forcible intervention not enabling in the guise of protecting her parenting rights. Anything that would make sister get on meds is an option at this point. Not being on meds is what makes her spiral downward. Not exterior conditions.   I never said they were, but there are situations where you can't unring that particular bell. Having an adjudication out there that at some point in your life you were so bad off that the government came and took you away is going to make it difficult for OP's sister. I never said OP shouldn't try to protect their niece/nephew. There are ways to do that outside of getting the courts involved that may be a better solution.  You can and should call CPS and explain to them your concerns. CPS will investigate and see if the home is safe for the children.  Kids aren’t a tool to prop up her mental health. They deserve to be in a safe and supportive environment far more than she deserves to have “substantial custody” of them if she can’t provide that kind of care. And does it really sound like she’s able to take proper care of herself or the kids to you? It definitely doesn’t sound like it to me.  Is that really your only option? Because that's going to be the nuclear one. She's going through a divorce and that's probably going to kill any shot she's got of getting any substantial custody of her kid with her husband and possibly question the custody she has with her other child as well. When she's committed, you're saying she can't take care of herself anymore. When she can't take care of herself anymore, she can't take care of her kids anymore either. I imagine that will probably contribute even more problems to her mental health. 