 My wife and I were married for a year and things didn’t work out. I’m 25 and she is 23. The only thing under both of our names is her car, I won’t fight her on it, it’s hers to keep. I want to have a clean divorce and move on from this. I don’t think we want to involve lawyers because we don’t really have assets together besides her car, and because I dont think either of us would want to pay a lot of money for a lawyer. Someone told me something about public lawyers and that she didn’t have to pay anything when she went through her divorce, if anyone has any more info on that it would be appreciated. With the car should we go and get my name off of it before the divorce? And where do you go to remove yourself from a car, the dmv or somewhere else? Her car is financed so she is still paying for it. I haven’t seen her in about a month, she’s contacted me about certain things but when I offer to help or something she just turns me down, which confuses me as to what her reasons are for contacting me. I’m suspicious that she has another guy so I doubt it’s to see if we can work things out. We haven’t really talked much in the last month because she turns me down when I offer to help with the things she contacts me about, she’s avoided seeing me at all costs which I don’t understand because I haven’t done anything wrong, she ended things out of nowhere when we last saw each other without any provocation. We haven’t even talked or mentioned anything about the divorce but I’m thinking of contacting her sometime this week if we can meet and discuss this. Any advice would be appreciated.  The reason I doubt she is talking to a lawyer is because I don’t think she can afford one at the moment. I know what her budget was like after being with her for 3 years and I don’t think she is talking to one. I earn more money at my job and even I’m iffy on getting one  NAL but have gotten divorce so that that with a grain of salt. If relations are relatively amiable between you and you have little property in common, you can also look into a divorce mediator. Before things get too far along, I'd speak with either a lawyer or a mediator and also catalog property you'd like to keep (the more detailed the better). Typically, you can get a consult from a lawyer or a mediator for free. Find one who suits you and who you can trust before proceeding. Good luck! It sounds to me like she is already talking to a lawyer, and might be gunning for more than she let's on.as much as it sucks to hire and pay a lawyer, I think you should so he can start making a defense on your behalf. My parents divorced and I am certain that the settlement that was so far in my mother's favor was because she started talking to a lawyer almost a year before my father. You should protect yourself, but if you can avoid going to court, do so. Those fees are crazy and my mother did it because she wanted blood.