 Hello, I work with a large non-profit mental health organization in the southwest side of Chicago. A colleague of mine oversees the community support team (CST) and has informed me one of her clients is dealing with a nasty spider infestation. This client has a severe mental illness (SMI) and her symptoms are exasperated by the stress this is causing her. The client notified landlord of the issue and it was not addressed. CST team got involved, advocated for client and landlord reported he had an exterminator come out. Client did not report issue for several days, but then claimed the issue was worse. Up until this point CST hadn’t seen issue. During home visit CST reported the issue was very bad, an entire corner of the bedroom ceiling had been overtaken by webs and spiders. CST and client described seeing “multiple huge clusters of eggs in the webs”. Client was not able to report how long it had been since she saw the first web and this mass of webs had formed. Clients with SMI are sometimes not the most accurate reporters when asked to give timeline of events. Issue had gotten so bad client stated “the spiders took over the room, I can’t go in there”. Landlord was notified again and reported having exterminator come out again. I phrase it this way because CST has yet to seen evidence that professional exterminator service has come to property. CST suspects landlord “handled” issue himself by having maintenance staff go into apartment and destroy webs with a vacuum cleaner. Client at one point reported not wanting to go to landlord because “he’s just going to have that guy bring up the vacuum again”. At this point I cannot say for certain it has been treated by a professional. Is this considered an uninhabitable apartment? The client cannot go in to this room and states she has to kill 2-4 spiders a day throughout the rest of the apartment. She is engaged in her treatment and takes medication as prescribed by we have noticed an increase in symptoms probably due to stress and lack of sleep caused by this situation. How can I light a fire under the landlords ass to get him to address this? Client is low income so moving is not an option. Lease is not up for at least 4 months, I am not sure if the exact date. Client has no family or friends that can take her in temporarily. Can the client withhold rent until issue is resolved? Any information is greatly appreciated. I have urged CST to call 311 and report issue is not being handled by landlord but I am not sure if this will amount to anything.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.