 Hello, I apologize in advance for this wall of text. Im not really thinking very concisely right now. As I said, I just broke up with my landlady last week. We were "dating" for about a month, but I found someone more my own age so I cut things off. The landlady recently broke up with her husband and was really needing some physical attention, if you know what I mean. Yesterday, she saw me walking around the apartment complex with my new girlfriend and asked me "who is that?" I said "you know who that is." Flash forward to this morning. I wake up and there is an eviction notice nailed to my door. She says unless I get out in 5 days she will go to court for an eviction. Moreover, she turned up the heat in my apartment to at least 80 degrees. Is there anything I can do?  This is days ago now, but please don't consider ever accepting food from this woman. She sounds thoroughly crazy, and if you end up drugged that's no good for anyone. Change the lock keep the old one replace it when you leave Unless you’ve got a roommate, a pet, or a carbon monoxide leak, then the most likely thing is she is entering your apartment. Things don’t slightly move themselves around. Get yourself some sort of security camera and point it at the door(s). You can even get the kind that connects to the internet and sends your phone an alert if it detects movement. If you want to go full out you could get a wireless alarm system like SimpliSafe and set up entry sensors with a 120 dB alarm on it. I think nest cameras work with that system as well. But check your lease first for anything that might have a provision about alarm systems and check all your local laws as many municipalities require you to register your system with the local police.  She’s already entered your apartment without notice, right? For non-landlord related things?  You can leave it there until she gets the hint, but nothing you describe is cause to get a civil restraining order. I would suggest you grab a notebook of sorts and start documenting her actions in case you need to be able to recall them accurately. But for now, this is just a normal two people who did not communicate what they were expecting from a conjugal relationship, and you're dealing with the aftermath like any other.  I don't know about unpleasant, but today I get a text from her saying she picked me up food, and I go to my apartment and there is food outside the door. I don't know how to make this stop  That's what I suspect. When I come home sometimes, things are slightly moved around.  I get a text message from her today saying she's picked me up lunch. I just got home and its sitting at my door. Is there anyway to stop this?  you need a camera to catch that my guy, that is super not legal. Check to see if your thermostat is actually connected. Sometimes they just arent and theyre fake, the one at the condo i once lived at was just hung on a nail. I don't know anything about California specifically, and am not a lawyer, but I have experience dealing with shitty landlords in the context of rentals in college towns. You can provide her with a letter outlining the landlord/tenant statutes she is violating by entering your premises without notice, but the only recourse you may have is the ability to break your lease and move. If you do it yourself, use certified mail and document everything (keep the receipt). If you are a student, your institution's student legal department should be able to help you understand your options, the statutes she has violated, and provide templates for letters. Otherwise, as other posters have mentioned, an attorney can do the threatening on your behalf. Unless she backs off (sounds unlikely in this case if she's this nutty), you're in for an uphill battle for the duration of your lease, and I bet you'll have trouble getting your deposit back. I hope you documented your move-in and the condition of the unit properly. You are firmly in the realm of needing external counsel here. IANAL But Wow, that’s gotta be another illegal act - entering your apartment (daily?) when you’re not there. At least NONE of my leases have landlord entering the premises without 24-48 hours notice (except for emergencies, of which there are none, in your case)  You should get a nest cam or other small webcam you can hide in your living room. I'd point it at the door. If she is entering your home without notice, call the police.  I think she is likely entering when I'm away because the thermostat isn't connected to the internet.  It's not a nest, and it's not connect to the internet. I think she is entering the apartment when I'm at work.  Agreed, that was a poor choice of words on my part. I should have said that OP does not have to comply with the DIY eviction order. Hopefully OP won't have to go to court if he has an actual discussion about events with his exgirlfriend/laywer.  That piece of paper should not be ignored; it is documentary evidence of an attempted DIY eviction, and will be needed when OP eventually needs to go to court. Better read it closely. Once she gets shut down for the fraudulent eviction she'll be looking for any violation that is grounds to evict You can buy hand warmers or similar and place them on top of the thermostat so that it thinks the room is much warmer than it actually is. This is what I'm thinking California requires 24 hour notice for landlord entry. There may be an exception for emergencies or when it is impractical to give notice, but this is not one of them. A camera would be completely legal, as the LL (or any trespasser) has no expectation of privacy in OPs home. Not a lawyer, but I’d suggest also to start documenting everything. Get a composition book and write down dates and times of any interactions you have with her, and also events (like what day you got the notice, what day the heat was raised and to what temperature, when you notified her of the “problem” with your heat, etc.). If there is a lawsuit, you’ll have a record of the events. Hopefully it won’t come to it, but better to have and not need than to need and not have. Also, you might want consider installing one or more video cameras in your unit, in case she’s coming in while you’re not home. Check to see if there are any legal issues with this in your state (maybe someone here can chime in). There’s no 5 day notice in CA. It’s three days if you’re in violation of the agreement (nonpayment of rent, hoarding cats, bonfires, whatever), 30 days for any/no reason if you don’t have a set time lease, increased to 60 days w/o a lease after you’re there over a year. You may have a claim against HER for harassment. Ignore bogus eviction notices, fight eviction lawsuits, and call your local FEHA and HUD agencies. You want to start building a record if she keeps doing this. She could be going into your apartment while you are away and turning up the thermostat. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either an incorrect statement or conclusion of law, inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an unlawful act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Not a lawyer, but lesson learned: Don't SH\T where you eat.  Is there any chance that the heating issue is just a coincidence, if there’s no obvious way that she could be controlling the heat in your unit? The solution here is simple and it's not legal... Or in this case NOT having sex with the land lady  As u/NerdCrush said you can ignore that piece of shit paper that was attached to your door. Eviction is a legal process composed of legal documents. Handwritten notes are not legal documents (typically). You can ignore any more handwritten notes from your landlord, you only have to care about legal papers/legal court orders from a court. That being said, I don't think this post belongs here on r/legaladvice. I think you should be posting this to r/relationshipadvice instead. You've clearly hurt the feelings of your exgirlfriend/landlord. I think you should try talking to her personally first before calling in the lawyers and going to court. Month to month lease is at a minimum 30 days notice, there is a list of things you can be evicted for, but not having sex with the land lady is not one of them.  Then you can't be evicted for that least. If she actually tries, make sure you show up so she doesn't lie and get one anyway. Having a girlfriend isn’t grounds for an eviction. So unless you’ve violated your lease in some way, she can’t evict you legally. That being said, expect the duration of your lease to be unpleasant and don’t expect your lease to be renewed. Next time refrain from hooking up with your landlord. Common sense dictates that won’t end well. Is it connected to the wifi? Like a nest? You can ignore the notice to vacate, that's not a valid notice.  She did not give a reason. The message was written in broken English and said "you have been evicted.' I pay my own electric, I have no idea how she is manipulating the thermostat remotely. 