 I created a throwaway for obvious reasons. Earlier this year, my husband of 7 weeks was killed in a motorcycle accident. He was on his way to work and had no insurance. He had 2 sons with a previous relationship. The man who caused the accident, his insurance is laying out a total of 15k. This is the entirety of the money that I and the boys will split. Here’s where it gets interesting: He was a minor when both kids were born (Same mother) and his parents elected not to put him on the birth certificate. Because of this and because he was a minor who could not legally work at the time the first was born, there was never any child support put into place for either child. Over the years, they broke up and entered separate relationships. She married another man and had another baby, he met me and we got married. The whole time we were together (2.5 years) we saw his kids probably less than 20 times because since there was no court order, mom got to make all the decisions and keep the kids away from their dad based on her mood. We were lucky they were able to be involved in our wedding! Fast forward to the accident. A week or 2 later, the mom made a comment about hiring a lawyer to help me and that the boys said they don’t want any money from their dads death. They were 10 and 12 at the time. They both have their colleges paid for from baby modeling, their step dad is about to adopt them and hand them trust funds to his company, and they are eligible for monthly government benefits until they turn 18. I get a 1 time payment of $200 from the government. There was no life insurance to collect. I am facing eviction and repossession of my car. My money paid his debts and headstone. It’s been several months of trying to close this case and the only thing we have to do is figure out how to split the insurance money. Come to find out, baby mama has put a hold on the trust funds to gain more money from this trial and is having her family friend lawyer delay the case. Since their lawyer is representing “2 clients” they want to split the money 3 ways. I thought I would have been settling for 50/50 given the circumstances. Can anyone tell me what my next steps should be? Do you think this is going the way is should be or should my lawyer be fighting a little harder here? I don’t mind the boys getting something from their dad, but the money would not make a difference to them and would change my entire life right now. They also wouldn’t even be able to collect the money until they turn 18. This just does not seem right or fair given the circumstances. It's unlikely that any of this will matter. They either are his biological children or they are not. In some states children can even claim an inheritance if someone else has adopted them and all parentel rights were terminated. Like most things in life you get what you pay for, I’m curious what the trial record is for you pro bono lawyer. I do have a lawyer but he doesn’t seem to be taking things too seriously since he’s taking the case for free. But he’s the one who offered to do that. Should I offer to pay him something to motivate him? This is what my issue is. He was not on the birth certificates, barely got to even see them because of her games, and she refused to even acknowledge me until the day he died. Now all of the sudden she’s trying to get him on their birth certificates and change their last names to match his  You need a lawyer that works for you and has only your interest at heart. Survival action is for costs and pain and suffering while the person lives before they pass away due to the actions of the defendant. The accident may not have been the other driiver's fault and the insurance company may be paying $15k to close out the case without any legal action. Just want to say this is a good explanation. I'm a little rusty on survival action, or I would explain it myself, could someone else do that? Also, why are you only getting 15k from insurance company? Is this what they have offered, or is it some kind of policy limit? If you have not already accepted money from the ins co, maybe talk to lawyer first. If he isn’t on the birth certificate, how will they be able to collect anything, including government death benefits? Because at least currently, it he isn’t on the birth certificate he’s not legally the father, is he? I am sorry for your loss. It doesn't sound like you have a lawyer. It sounds like she has a lawyer. Also, a personal injury attorney for a wrongful death case may be appropriate, if there is any chance at more money. If the insurance will only pay 15k and that is all the guy has though, there is no point in that either. Did you guys have UIM (underinsured motorist insurance)? If you did, then there is a potential for more there. In a wrongful death case, the money does not go through the will, it goes by the wrongful death statute, which normally is the same as the laws of intestacy. Often the first portion of an estate would go only to the wife and not to the children. But when there are minor children that changes things, sometimes. I suggest you speak to an estate attorney to find out what the law of intestacy is in your jurisdiction, as well as what the wrongful death statute requires. For example, often, under the law of intestacy, the first 30k goes to the spouse. In such a case, if all you have is 15k, that would all go to you. You may also be entitled to reimbursement for the death expenses. It would be worth a couple hundred bucks to speak to an estate lawyer about this. If you add your location, I can look up the wrongful death statute for you. If there is a survival action, that is different. Results of a survival action go through the will (if there is one). If there is no will, through the law of intestacy. Edit - pretty massively edited to add more information. Louisiana  The lawyer is working for your husband's ex, not you. Do not take legal advice from the opposition. In this case, the lawyer and the ex are the opposition. The insurance settlement will likely be paid to your husband's estate. You didn't say where you are, but in most places when someone dies without a will (this is called "intestate") the current spouse gets at least 50% of the estate. The remainder is divided equally between the children. Of course, your husband's estate will have to pay off any debts he may have had before anybody gets anything. For better or worse, the idea that one heir "needs the money more" than another one does not enter into the calculation. The laws just do not allow for it. You should at least consult an estate attorney. Unfortunately the amount of money you're dealing with could easily be sucked up in attorney fees, but maybe you can find one that will agree to give you some direction for minimal cost and let you do all the paperwork yourself. Most states have "small estate" procedures that do not require probate court or attorneys. You can try posting here again if you have specific questions. I'm sorry this happened to you. It's an ugly situation that's getting uglier. Good luck. Disclaimer: I'm not a lawyer. Ninja edit: you mentioned that your money paid "his debts and his headstone". Those are estate expenses. You should be reimbursed by the estate before any inheritances are paid. What state It's lawyer time. She may not have a legal claim to any of the money, so it is better to get a lawyer. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.