 Hi, all. We’ve had a mouse (or more) in our walls for about three months now. Our landlord has sent two companies out four times (each company twice) to fix the situation. No one has laid traps, they’ve just fixed the visible damage (holes and such) and left. The mouse (mice) keep coming back. The mouse (mice) have been waking us up at night with their chewing constantly in our bedroom walls. We’re tired of it and want to break our lease and move. Lease isn’t up until October of next year (this happened right after renewal). I think it’s a breach of our warranty of habitability/quiet enjoyment. What are our options and how do we go about expressing them to our landlord? Thanks in advance!! That's very inhumane IMO. Unless you are willing and able to kill them yourself immediately, you are basically letting them die a slow and painful death What about those sticky traps right in front of the holes? The ones where when they step on them they get stuck there. ETA Farm supply stores also have bait packets that the mice will actually eat and it disintegrates them without all the stink. You won’t want to use these if you have pets but they do work wonders. Stick them inside one of the holes in the wall. The exterminator guys confirmed that it was field mice, but haven’t done anything but seal up the holes. The mice keep chewing the holes open again. We literally only hear them in the attic and our bedroom walls, so I’m not quite sure where else we would put the traps. I see. Are you sure it's mice? It could be something else like a squirrel that is not necessarily able to get into the house. Also have you tried moving the traps around to different areas of the house? Hubs set some traps in our attic (where we hear the mouse moving). Our mouse has declined to be lured in by either crunchy or creamy peanut butter. Cheese has failed to entice him/her as well.  Is there something stopping you from setting traps yourself? Old fashioned snap traps and peanut butter are cheap and work like a charm. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.