 So it's my understanding that there are three criteria for an employee to be FLSA exempt: 1) He or she is paid $455/week or $23,600/year 2) Be paid on a salary basis 3) Perform "white-collar" job duties. My questions are: 1) Is the income threshold in regards to what the employee takes home, or what the company pays to that employee before taxes, etc.? 2) Must an employee meet all three or just one of the requirements to qualify as exempt? 3) Are there instances where an employee may make a yearly salary below the $23,600 threshold and still not receive or need to receive payment for overtime? Any additional links for further reference, e.g., definitions for "Executive" and "white-collar" work, would be greatly appreciated. Thanks! Not all "white-collar" jobs qualify to be exempt. For example, in an accounting department, which it could easily be argued that all positions there are "white collar," you could have everyone from a CFO who runs the department at a very high level (strategy, managing managers, etc.), who would obviously be exempt, to data entry clerks, who only do exactly what the rules say to do, and pass anything that is confusing up to someone higher than them, who would NOT qualify to be exempt, as you need to have some decision-making capacity on behalf of the company to qualify. In between, you might have staff accountants who have some decision-making ability (within the scope of the laws and regulations and company policy, that would be a little more grey. You can just assume that office job = exempt. So, to be compliant with FLSA regulation, a salaried employee making less than $455 per week should in addition be paid no less than $7.25 per hour? Or $10.88 per hour (min wage at 150%)? EDIT: I think I get it, so maybe you can confirm or deny: A nonexempt salaried employee will make his or her regular salary, but he or she will also be expected to record time so that if that salaried employee works more than 40 hours per week they will also receive $10.88 per hour of extra time worked, correct? The employer should start tracking that person's time in some fashion or another. Perhaps invest in a punch clock. That employee can file a wage claim for overtime owed by providing proof they worked overtime and were not paid for it. Some companies are exempt from the FLSA. If an employee is paid a salary of only $18,408/year ($354/week), but their time isn't recorded, what should an employer do? Does that employee have recourse? Should that employee receive a salary raise to or above the threshold? Being salaried and exempt are two different things. It is possible to be be salaried and non-exempt (ie, gets paid overtime) the same as it is possible to be hourly exempt (police, fire, some types of computer professionals, etc). The big requirements are that you make over $455 a week (pre-tax) and that you perform "administrative" or managerial functions. You're right in assuming that most 'white collar' responsibilities fall under one of those rules. No, if you make less than $23,600, you need to make overtime. 1. Gross pay. 2. All the criteria must be med. 3. There are very limited exceptions but generally no. 1. Before taxes. 2. All three (though there are other criteria than "white-collar" job duties). 3. Not really, unless they're a contractor, in which case they wouldn't be an "employee." Perhaps being paid on a per-piece or commission basis may also negate the need to pay overtime in certain situations. PDF warning: [\_overview.pdf]()