  For backstory, my baby momma (I'll refer to as BM) and I had our daughter 4 years ago. We lived together happily until almost exactly a year ago and now she has a new bf, pregnant with her second kid, and moved almost 3 hours away. At first I would have my daughter a week, then BM would get her a week. We both had her every other week. At the beginning of November I had a job working 7 days a week, 10 hours a day so I wasn't able to have her. I lived in my SUV by choice for that month up until today and I never once had my daughter stay in it with me. I have plenty of family around so I always had a place to go with her. I told BM that now that I have an actual place to live I want to go back to having her every other week and she said no, since we were never married she has sole custody and I can get her every weekend. So I guess my question is what rights do I have to my daughter? I'm on the birth certificate, during our whole time together I was the only one with a job and I provided for our family. Any advice is welcome and I'm willing to answer any questions.  I haven’t seen anything to suggest you would do that. It’s just an unfortunate side effect of the struggles of amicably deciding on child visitation without a court order. My wife and her daughters father have been very good at communicating with each other and have both lived up to their end of each other’s bargain with their child. Sadly, that’s far from the status quo in most cases. The court order just gives you a little cushion with which to get BM to concede to you having your daughter when you should, as law enforcement can actually act on that and tell one parent that, unless they’re willing to go against a judges order, they need to let your daughter stay with you for the time allotted. Truly, good luck to you with everything.  Legally, you also have complete control over your daughter also as the legal father. Both parents have that right until directed otherwise by a judge. Now I'm not saying you should just go take your daughter or anything lie that. Judges like status quo and such, and that while legally you'd be in the clear, the judge would take a dim view of that when a custody hearing does come up. Just as much as the mother refusing you visitation will not make the judge happy either. I'm a child of parents that went through this same thing and I grew up hearing stories from both sides. The last thing I want to do is use my daughter against BM, I just want to have a good relationship with my girl and spend more than 2 days with her at a time. Her mom is a great mother and nobody will ever hear me say otherwise. I'm not trying to keep BM from seeing her in any way, in fact when we split up BM had her license suspended and I drove an hour and a half every week to make sure she didn't miss a week with her. I'm doing my best to get along with her but it feels like she's doing everything she can to make this hard on me. I appreciate your input and I'll be sure to take it to heart. She has no legal backing in keeping you from your daughter. You don’t need a court order to get partial custody of your daughter (you’re correct that as father you have a right to it), but it will just force BM to do the right thing.  You are correct in that you have as much a right to your daughter as the mother does. You’re both the child’s parents after all. However, there is no law FORCING BM to allow you more visitation. You could technically take your daughter whenever you want but you’d just be opening a very ugly can of worms that won’t look good for you in court. Get that court order, show the judge you’ve done everything you can to be in your little girls life and hopefully they see you should have 50/50 custody. Whatever you do, don’t use your daughter as leverage over BM for ANY reason. I see that almost everyday in my line of work and it’s disgusting, and a great way to make your child resent you as she gets older.  I see your point. But my thinking is she is just as much mine as she is hers. Why should she get the final say over everything until we go to court? Until the judge decides what's best for my girl I would think 50/50 would be the way it's supposed to go. Not the mother getting all of the say. How is it not fair? The law allows the parents to work out whatever they want for visitation. And if they cannot agree, then they go to court and let a judge decide. Perfectly fair I appreciate your input. That's not fair at all but who am I to say if the laws are fair or not, right? Yes. Exactly.  It's time to petition the courts for a custody/visitation agreement. Best option is to hire a lawyer but I don't know your financial situation (might wanna call regardless to find out what is possible). So she has complete control over when I get to see my daughter until I get a court order? You're going to have to go to court for this. If you can, you should consult a lawyer. If not, head down to your local courthouse and see what resources they have for unrepresented parties. Absent a court order, you cannot force visitation. So you need to go to court and get a court order