 I was hired very early on (employee ~10) in a leadership position at a small startup with 1% equity in stock options (regular vesting schedule). Been with the company about a year and a half, so I’ve vested just over ~.25%. Over this time, we received a Series A and have grown quite a bit. I got a raise in base salary after we got funding and have been adequately compensated during my time at the company. A month and a half ago, I started getting hints that I should look for a new job. Nothing explicit, just hinting, which I had to interpret myself. “Is this really what you want to be working on?” “Are you sure you’re fulfilled here?” More recently, after weeks of semi-opaque conversations, I finally got them to admit I’m being laid off (“company no longer needs someone at [my] level”) and after some negotiation, they’ve verbally agreed to pay me two months severance starting in January. In the meantime, we’ve had a few high-paid people quit and a couple people fired for performance issues. CEO and Head of HR have said they’d love to continue working with me as a contractor, even paying me my same rate (current salary rate) but only on contract. I realize now that their main goal is not to cut costs by laying me off — though that is definitely a side benefit — but to recoup my unvested equity. I care about the company, and I really like my boss, but I feel taken advantage of and wonder what rights I have — if any — given that my position is being eliminated because they want that equity back, and not because of performance issues. I know they could find someone else to do the job I’m doing for less money and less equity. Should I just be happy with the two months severance?  Check the terms for your currently vested options. You may need to exercise them quickly, like 30 - 60 days, or face losing them. This is complex and I have no comment on your particular situation. I would like to direct you to look at what happened with Zynga in 2011. They were even more upfront about it: Give us some equity back or we fire you and you lose it all. Caring for a company should be reciprocating by caring about employees, which doesn’t seem to be the case here. I think this is just a business negotiation issue more than a legal issue. You can reframe the question to that they forced you to re-cut your entire deal with them under the threat of firing you. At this point you have to decide how attractive the contractor deal is compared to your old salary and benefits, and how burned you feel essentially trading your unvested equity for a severance. Can you execute your vested options with the severance pay? That's what most people do in your shoes. Have you signed your severance agreement yet? You should really have an attorney review it; most agreements include a clause where you cannot bring legal action against the company, so you could very well end up stuck if you do sign. If there's no accelerated vesting clause in the equity award, you probably don't have any right to the unvested. If you're a contractor, you should be paid at least double the rate when you were an employee. Triple is apparently standard in a lot of places. 1) Unknown hours 2) Paying your own taxes (additional 7.65%) 3) No vacation or sick time 4) No health insurance 5) No incidental benefits Unless you have some contract that guarantees you the equity if you get let go-- you have no rights beyond what they offered you. You are just a line item on a budget to them and they should be the same to you. Dont take a contact position for the same as fulltime unless you were grossly overpaid. Or taxes.  The equity here is the important part. Equity in a growing business with a promising future means you have future money to consider, not just current. You should speak to an employment attorney to make sure you REALLY know your options instead of relying on us here. We're just folks on the internet. Especially as a contractor, they won't be paying or offering health insurance, so you'll have to find your own. unfortunately, california is an at will employment state and they can fire you for any reason. so what they are doing is not illegal, and other companies have done it in the past as well. at this point, you can file for unemployment while you continue to look for a full time position if you do not want to go back as a contractor. however, i'd think that you'd have sufficient sway to argue for a significant increase in your contractor rate. 