 Hey everyone. I'm just trying to find advice on how to navigate a divorce when I don't really live anywhere. Background: my husband and I sold our house in Colorado (where I am licensed to drive/all our vehicles are registered), bought a camper and began traveling with our kids. Three months ago, he left and moved back to his hometown in NY state. My children and I kept traveling. He's been gone three months and I need to file for divorce, but I'm not really from anywhere. Can I file through Colorado? I'm currently in SC, and was trying to avoid going to Colorado while it's winter because the camper would freeze, and I don't have a job/house there. He's now trying to tell me I can't go back to Colorado, or leave the East Coast at all. I am honestly unsure of how to proceed, or even where to file. Thank you for reading this. Put your kids first if there are custody/support issues. Nevada is a community property state, so all assets acquired during the marriage will be split 50/50. You really have to look at all the issues you want to resolve and not just speed. Thank you! I didn't even think of Nevada. Get a lawyer’s advice for sure, especially with kids, but Nevada might be good choice if you’re looking for a place to reside. 6 weeks to establish residency, RV friendly, usually doesn’t freeze in Las Vegas or Laughlin, easy to get hired quickly, etc.  Thank you so much! Is that true even though we've been on the road for 4 months? I did speak to an attorney in Colorado and she said unless he agrees to sign it there, there won't be much a judge can do.  Ignore the people saying that you must "file for residency" in a state; there's no such thing. There's just evidence of your residency that you present to the court, and that varies for different purposes (tuition, taxes, driver's licenses, divorce). Owning a home does not establish residency if you don't reside in it. Colorado remains [your best bet]() for being considered your "home state" for filing divorce. Until recently you owned a home there that you lived in, and your most recent ID is from Colorado. A court will require that you prove you were "domiciled" in Colorado for 90 days before beginning a divorce proceeding, and may consider your previous residency to be continuous because you have not established residence elsewhere (rented an apartment, gotten a job, registered to vote, etc). Colorado only requires the residency of one of the spouses. New York is not a practical option for filing [if you don't live there](); they want 2 years residence for just one person, or 1 year as a married couple if you got married there. Abandonment doesn't kick in until 1 year has passed. South Carolina requires you to [both reside there for 3 months, or one of you for 1 year](), which makes it unhelpful with him living in NY. Talk to a divorce attorney in Colorado next week and get their opinions on whether your residency will be considered continuous, and how many hearings you would have to attend there. Then [consider other states]() that you can travel to.  Yeah, I guess you'll have to settle somewhere for a while until you get this sorted. There may be other suitable states you can go to that have shorter separation time requirements. Missouri is only 90 days IIRC, I lived there for a while but moved back to Kentucky which is 6 months. My issue isn't figuring out which state to file in, but scraping up the $$$. 🙁 No waiting period, get a good lawyer to draw it up, you both sign, within 3 weeks a judge signs, it’s done. Note: I don’t know how long you must be a GA resident first, but I do know it’s less than a year, if there’s any residential requirements. Also note: contested divorces obviously take much longer.  And yes, he has a lot of things he thinks I can't do anymore. How easy are we talking? I can live there. 😅 Well shit. I'll have to see about establishing here. Okay that would be Colorado then. I did contact a lawyer today, but it's Friday and a holiday weekend, so I'll try again Monday. Thank you! What does your driver's license say? That is where you file unless you can prove residency in another state for the amount of months required. Contact a lawyer to see if owning that place was enough for residency in SC as SC has a one year requirement. Otherwise you have to do it where you DL is from since you were traveling.  We were in Massachusetts when he left. We actually do own a home in SC that is being rented out, if that could count as income for the state? It’s pretty easy to divorce in Georgia. If you’re close to the SC/GA border and need to establish residency, hop on over the Savannah River.  NAL but I think one of the first things you should do is figure out a way to file for residency somewhere. Not sure if you can file for divorce without it, but, I feel this is just going to be a recurring issue for you through out the divorce process and the future with other legal obligations. Could you contact friends or family to "live" with them? You could stay in the trailer on their property, and different states have different requirements for residency. Some you don't even have to be there the majority of the year IF you don't have residency anywhere else I believe (again, NAL though). You could then get mail forwarded to a PO box if you'd like when you do travel. do you have a job in SC? if so then you can file for residency there. Also i think it's interesting that he left and now says you CAN'T leave - what's he gonna do? barricade the roads? That's not enforceable. What state were you in when he left?  NAL, but I can tell you from my own experience that to file for divorce in South Carolina you must be living apart from your spouse for at least a year. It's too soon to file in that state. 