 In Pennsylvania: A fellow associate in HR (HRa) recently fractured her foot and is wearing a boot. She does not have a handicap tag. We currently have 2 handicap spots. We have a campus style set up so the spots are on opposite ends of the lot, one near each building. Our director of HR wrote an email to the person who has a handicap tag (HDC) and who usually parks in the spot closest to our building telling her that she can no longer park there until HRa is out of the boot. The options for the HDC are to use the other spot further away, or they would temporary allow her to park in our visitor spaces which is closer than the normal spots, but still further than the handicap. After it was brought to her attention that the email was wrong, she changed her mind and said that now the spot is on a first come first serve basis. Essentially still giving it to HRa because she arrives at 7am and HDC arrives at 8am. I'd also like to add just as an aside that there have been others in boots (3 I can think of in the last year), but none had any special allowances made for them, and of course none worked in HR. Advice?  Exactly  So satisfying especially when it's a ducking sports car that had the legal right to park in one of the 20 empty non handicap spaces 2 feet away like going by in my wheelchair and I tracked down a parking monitor and reported it the first one I saw didn't give a shot found another and the car got towed. Like you broke the one law that when you break I'm just angry enough to go out of my way to make you have kinda a bad day Nope they can't. If you don't have a handicap tag you can't park there. Esprit her to a towing company every time you see her there or just to the local police. $200 fines usually get people to knock it off. Yes she might need it but you can't make other handicap people not be allowed to use it. especially if they don't have a. Tag. Suggest to the boot one to go get a temp tag and then the legalities change and it os first come first serve but yeah  [deleted] Very true! Actually, even more easily by laminating a sign reading, "This spot reserved for [HR Person]" and staking it in front of a regular spot. It’s possible though to set up temporary spaces marked out with traffic cones and a portable sign. I’m an election poll worker and on election day we have to make all polling places ADA-compliant, many of which are not ADA compliant on the other 363 days of the year (and do not have to be as they are not government property, don’t host government functions and in many cases are privately owned and not opened to the public on the other 363 days). We have this whole battery of temporary signs, ramps, orange cones, etc. My own polling place has no handicapped parking spot at all so we have to set up appropriate signs cones to create an ADA compliant spot. It does have to be measured carefully, but once you know what to do, it doesn’t take long. Call a cop to tow the car.  It sounds like a good time to text a stealthy photo to a friend who doesn't mind calling in a complaint to the police. I've had my permanent tag for nearly 15 years and usually don't appear physically disabled. Accessable parking tag holders can be militant about entitled jerks who do this. If you don't need one it makes sense: parking lots aren't maintained like interior floors. They have holes, bumps, oil, ice etc. I fall frequently (wheelchair now) so parking lots really feel like minefields. I'm terrified of falling and dying of a brain bleed, but my bathroom will probably kill me first, lol. It completely makes sense that a visitor or just someone passing by might see this, as well as another employee you'd never suspect. aah, the joys of calling the cops and having them tow the vehicle.  Where in the OP does it say that the HR department did the handicapped space themselves? What HR should do is contact their facilities department and have a survey done. I would bet they aren't providing enough spaces. Here is a page that details the specifics for ADA compliant handicapped parking spaces. (used to be a union steward and our union went to war with my company over their lack of handicapped parking spaces and not complying with width and loading specifics) That’s fair. But if they had the technology to do it the first time, they have the technology to do it again. And no matter how much of a hassle it is, it’s the right thing to do.  Except handicapped spaces have to follow very specific regulations regarding the width of the spot, the amount of space on each side of it (to allow for wheelchair loading and unloading) and signage. If they do it themselves with your bucket-o-blue paint idea they will open themselves to ADA lawsuits for deficient access and possible civil suits and damage assessments. ADA compliance is not something you half-ass. Ever. It will come back and bite you in the ass hard.  I'm not surprised that your company is out of compliance, given that your HR "director" is firing off emails without being aware of the law. You seem to be more competent just by asking some questions before jumping to a conclusion. I feel like this is a problem that could best be solved with a bucket of blue paint, a brush, and 45 minutes of work. If the only useful handicap spot you have already de facto belongs to someone, your company really should have a second handicap spot available, exactly for situations like this.  Right?? This is what we did for our HR rep when she had cancer in her hip. It's the easiest solution and doesn't ruffle anyone's feathers. Sounds like the HR rep has a touch of entitlement here. Not appropriate or permitted in this sub. Comment removed.  The handicapped person gets the handicapped spot. Why not just allocate the spot right next to it for HR person in boot? [removed] Thank you. I did look into that. It looks like for the number of spaces we have, we need 4 handicap. We only have 2 so yes that is also a problem.  If this is the company's lot, why not just mark one of the other spots near the entrance as reserved for HRa until she is out of the boot? I don't believe there is any law about how non-handicapped spots are allocated (other than say giving all the good spots to white employees, etc). Here's the PA law. Scroll down to (3) and (4) near the bottom: The HR rep can (and should) be towed for parking in that spot without a placard. If she wants to park there she can go get a placard like your coworker. Then it would be first come, first serve. eta: may also want to check ADA requirements to see if your business has the required number of disabled spots. Sounds like your facility is pretty big in size. This may be another point of contention for your coworker. No handicap sign = no park. That is the law. You could call and have then ticketed and towed. Not for HR to decide. They can easily get a temporary handicap tag through a Dr. []() Depends if this is on Public or Private property.