 Hopefully this comes out making sense, it's early and stress doesn't help. 3 years ago my wife and I had out first (only) child and she was born severely disabled. Genetic condition leading to brain malformation, mental limitations with max development at 6 months (estimated), physical limitations including minimal muscle control if any, seizures, difficulty protecting airway so aspiration is common (3 pneumonias so far), so basically 24 hour direct care. Also she has a very limited life span, to where it is a minor miracle she survived past 2, and if she makes it to 10 then it is considered a near major miracle. As such, one of us had to quit working to take care of her, and it was easier for my wife to quit as she was having some emotional problems being away from our daughter as well as her work treated her terribly for needing to take time off for medical reasons. Even though we have a tremendous support structure through my parents who will babysit when needed and know most of the procedures to keep her safe, there are many things that they still cannot do if things go wrong, plus with as many doctors appointments she needs we the parents need to go to properly relate things to the doctors, grandparents just don't know what to report or listen for. The largest concern we have is health insurance. Through my work to cover the 3 of us is prohibitively expensive, costing more than my mortgage payment by a couple hundred dollars per month. We have good insurance through her work and continue to get it right now as she is officially on a leave of absence, but that can only last so long, plus I don't trust them to keep their end of the bargain, and my wife doesn't think she can go back to that job when leave is over after the way they have treated her since our daughter was born, and our daughter will likely still be here at that time. The only option I have been able to figure out based on our income is for us to get a legal separation, my wife and child go on medicaid, and I cover myself through work since it is not nearly as bad to cover just myself through my work plan. Now in regards to the separation, we actually still both love each other and have zero plan to actually separate or divorce, in fact our largest fears on each of our parts is that we would do something to drive the other away, that when our daughter does leave us that we will somehow alienate the other, and in fact many of our doctors tell us that the fact we are still together through this is amazing in itself. The only reason we are considering this is because we need to be able to maintain healthcare for our family, especially our daughter, and I can't find any other way. I am wondering if anyone has any experience regarding a legal separation for a reason like this. Would we need to change any addresses, make a parenting plan, any financial arrangements (alimony, child support) even though we would still be together and nothing would actually change except for a checkbox in the state government database? Any other snags or hangups that might occur that I am not aware of. Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank You In live in WA. I did not legally marry my severely disabled "wife" (non-verbal quadriplegic) in order for her to maintain benefits. Legally, I'm her landlord, and we co-habitate with our son. However, your situation is more complicated, since it is your dependent child who is disabled. So, I'll cut to the chase. You need to speak to an estate and benefits attorney. Getting a practical divorce, may be one part of the puzzle. But, so too might be a special needs trust, and other protections. Once you divorce (if that is what the attorney suggests you do), you and your wife lose legal ties. And, those should also be re-established via POA's/ Living Wills, etc., in ways which do not impact benefits. All along the way you will be walking a line, beyond which lies fraud. But it is a broad line. WA openly recognizes (at least to some degree) the impact that marriage has on benefits. This is why WA's domestic partnership registry used to apply only to same sex couples, and people over 65; so that seniors can enjoy domestic partnership without loosing benefits through marriage. Today, the domestic partnership is only used for seniors. (And not disabled people... Kinda pisses me off... I've met with our legislatures about this). I know it’s not helpful but this makes me so sad. Good luck whatever happens. 