 This all happened in Georgia btw... On to the lifetime story: A while ago my dad couldn't handle life anymore, so he decided to bail on his family and fly to a different state so he could wait until either I or my Stepmother would step up and fix the finances he ruined. Instead we fled the house because he was also hearing voices telling him to kill his own family. During this time of us fleeing he also committed credit card fraud and drained both of our accounts. Anyway the part that really matters is while enough time elapsed I rented a Uhaul from another state and drove it to Georgia hoping to move back into our family home. The house was in a trust buty dad was able to get a divorce, sell the house, and skip town again. This effectively left my Stepmom and I homeless. I work as a free Lance web design so I was able take enough money to keep us in motels most days. With all the stress from this, caring for my Stepmother (she has adrenal fatigue syndrome due to abuse from my dad), and trying to find a new apartment to rent pushed the need to return the Uhaul out of my mind. Anyway, we ended up getting arrested in a parking lot as I was working and charged. Just got a call from my crappy public defender that I have court tomorrow....he wants me to plead guilty... Important note: We were released on OR bond as the judge took pity on us and said he would recommend the charges be dropped...well looks like that didn't happen. This may help in court though? I really don't want a record as that would mess up my current job and my future. What is the best way to proceed and do lawyers accept payment plans? What should I do? Due to what my dad did and the debt I have, I am strapped for cash so if anyone has any recommendations for Pro Bono lawyers, or good lawyers that are understanding please let me know. Typed on phone so sorry for typos or grammatical mistakes. tldr: Family issues left me stranded and homeless. Rented a Uhaul in a different state, drove it to Georgia, ended up staying in it for 2 months trying to get a new place, got arrested. Being charged with theft by receiving stolen goods.