 Forgive me if im missing important details here but this is the situation from my understanding: A few months ago, my gf was in a serious accident in Florida, involving some debris falling out of a truck, through her windshield, causing a multi car accident. Thank god, no one was seriously injured. Of course, this whole ordeal was brought to court, and according to her lawyer, it was ruled that she was not at fault. Now, several months later, another woman involved in the accident is reporting a back injury and is trying to come at her with some form of legal action (i dont know anything about law, sorry). Not only this, but some guy claiming to be a lawyer/with insurance has been harassing her, knocking on her door on the morning and constantly leaving cards for her to contact him. She was extremely traumatized by the accident and has had a very hard time processing what happened, and now she is scared for her life financially because she is in her early 20s and no where near financially stable yet. My question is this: If the court ruling after the accident was that she was not at fault, is there any grounds for a lawsuit? Should she be worried about this? And is it legal for this guy to harass her at every given opportunity?  okay this makes a lot of sense, she seems to have thought (and explained it to me this way) that the one case would be all encompassing for the accident. I just let her know that she needs to keep an open dialogue with her insurance and her lawyer about whats happening. Your gf needs to talk to her insurance company. She needs to inform the opposing council she is represented and provide him the contact information for her insurance. If the opposing council continues to try and contact her directly after she has informed him she is represented, she should file a complaint with the state bar. So each pairing of cars is going to be its own thing - each other driver vs. her, vs. each other, or maybe even other drivers vs. the truck. Each of those pairings can lead to its own court case, though they might get combined. There probably would not be one big court case that resolves everything, not if the accident was sufficiently complicated. But the important thing is that her insurance is bound to represent her, and should be informed of everything that goes on. Sorry I dont have the answers to these questions, shes not here today and i dont have contact info for her lawyer. I could have more information tomorrow, but I wanted to post this today because this is the 4th time this week this guy has showed up to the house and pounded on the door till someone answered. It all seems very threatening and i'm worried they may be trying to take advantage of her naivete. She is also very ignorant of all the technical details and I wanted to put together a more informed plan of action to deal with this. I appreciate this, I'll make a point to have her contact him and see what he thinks tomorrow. It depends on the scope of the court ruling in question. Was that a criminal case or a civil case, and if it was a civil case was it with one of the other drivers? But whatever the answer, she needs to keep talking to her insurance company. Way too complex to properly be answered here. If she has a lawyer, they'll likely know. 