 Title basic says everything. Basically my gf applied for wic awhile back and forgot to renew it. She called to see about Doug that and the lady said she has to take breastfeeding classes to get wic. This seems stupid and basically says if you don’t breastfeed we can’t help you. My gf says she doesn’t want to breastfeed and that’s 100% fine. Is there someone we can contact about this? Any advice will help. Thanks. Locking at OP's request.  I bet with a doctor note explaining that they are not physically able to breastfeed, they may be able to get out of the class. It's a weak argument when it doesn't apply to your girlfriend though. A class isn't an undue burden on someone requesting assistance. Yesterday, I went to my local charity and requested assistance, as part of the agreement I had to sign up for a budgeting class to help me get my fiances in order. Ideally, they don't want me back there so they are teaching me to do things myself. It's the same concept.  That is literally what you are saying when you say it's dumb that they require the class.  So you’re ok forcing women who don’t have the ability to breastfeed sit there and learn about something they can’t do? It’s body shaming and can make the woman feel terrible and hate their body. I would personally be very much in favor of vaccine education as well. But WIC is a nutritional program; breastfeeding is within its scope and vaccines are not. You're right. I'd be the first to fight it (and I somewhat suspect that u/NerdCrush would be on the front lines with me) if they were forcing women to lactate and latch on infants. But an hour or two of education on the benefits of breastmilk? Is fair, and more importantly, definitely not illegal in this context. No, but you can force someone that wants to get a government handout to take a class. Which was the question.  And not everyone has the ability to breastfeed. Why make someone go through that and possibly make them feel horrible because they don’t have the ability to provide something for their child? You’re basically body shaming females who don’t have the ability to breastfeed their own kid and have to rely on formula. That is a different thing entirely. If you have a medical condition that doesn’t allow you to do to breastfeed why have them do it. If that’s the case then every person should sit through a class explaining the benefits of vaccines. They don’t require that and that actually harms people who vaccine and people who don’t!! Meh. When my kid took driver's ed (required to get a permit in my state), they taught a section on stick shifts. Not everyone has one or wants to drive one. She still had to sit through it. I wasn't outraged on her behalf. But in this case it is. And she would rather use taxpayer money to supplement something she is able to do. More libertarian than lactavist, really.  I didn’t say education was stupid. I just said that it’s dumb that they require that. What if you suffer from breast cancer and have lost your breasts?? How can you breast feed then?  Education is not stupid. They aren't going to force her to lactate; they will teach her about the benefits of breastfeeding. WIC is not just a "free food" entitlement. The purpose is to assist women, infants, and children who may be at nutritional risk and teaching about infant nutrition is a part of that. Yes but not every female had the ability to breastfeed due to medical issues. My gf doesn’t have any of those as far as I know but still, it’s a bit stupid to have that as a requirement but alright. I lived in Oklahoma and received WIC while pregnant, the breastfeeding classes are a program requirement to receive continued benefits and it’s completely legal for them to have that as a requirement. They’re not going to force her to breast feed, they just teach the benefits of it and if she doesn’t want to do it she doesn’t have to. But she does have to take the class to continue to receive WIC benefits. I think it took maybe an hour to do the class, but that was a couple of years ago for me.  I mean, you're asking the state to buy you formula when she has the ability to feed the child without state funds. I see their point. Yes it is legal to require a class to allow your girlfriend to renew her WIC. 