 I have a bill from urgent care that I need to pay. It's not much, and I was going to pay it online. My bill tells me that I can pay online using their "Patient Portal", as well as do a number of other things. I've tried paying it several times, but there is no online link to a "Patient Portal" like it states on my bill. I emailed the urgent care, and they told me that the portal was "down" and that I could call in and pay it over the phone. I replied that there should be a broken link or something if it were actually down, and that I doubt they actually offer this service. They replied that they don't actually offer this service, and told me to pay over the phone. My question is, do I now have to pay this bill? Do they have to offer this service and they're just appearing to without complying?  You owe the bill and you choose one of the payment options they present to you. If one of those payment options is not available, you pay a different way. The fact that they said there was a payment portal but that portal never existed or is currently down or whatever is irrelevant. That does not absolve you of the legal obligation to pay the bill.  't believe her that it was just "down", and she responded that they were going to offer it, but decided not to. However, it still shows up on my bill that I can pay online using this portal feature, which again, was never on their website. All this does NOT matter. You owe them the payment whether their bill mentions a portal that works,a portal that does not work or no portal at all. They do not have to offer that service, and they are not failing to comply with anything. Even if they were failing to comply with a particular regulation, you would still owe them the money. Stop looking for loopholes, pay your bill, move on with your life. People really will try anything to get out of paying a bill won't they? Why would online payment being down eliminate your liability for a bill? Of course you have to pay it. And that negates your obligation to pay, how?? That's not what you said in your original message. Yes you have to pay the bill.  Of course you do if you received care thru them  Of course you have to pay. People had to pay bills before the internet existed. The fact that you can't pay online right now, or ever, doesn't change your liability for the bill. Yes you have to pay the bill. They do offer the service. It is down. 