 I'm 31/f, and I work as an accounting assistant and I also assist with HR duties at my job. My manager provided me with a new paid time off rule for our employees. Vacation and sick time is now all called PTO. As an employee for 2 and a half years, I have 8 PTO days. Last year, I had 3 vacation days and 6 sick days-- which is 9 in all. I've lost 1 day of PTO. Other employees here have been with the company for more than 6 years, and their PTO has changed drastically. For them, they used to get 6 days sick time, and 10 days vacation time. My manager has changed it to so now it only allows these employees a total of 10 PTO days. The longer term employees are all very upset. Our warehouse driver is saying he's not coming into work next week because he hasn't used up all his vacation time from the previous time-off rules. I want to know the legality of it all. I know and understand that companies have a right to choose how they offer vacation time, but I know that with sick time there's a specific rule companies must follow. I want to talk to my manager about this-- not for my sake, but for the loyal long term employees that have stuck with this company for years. If someone knows about vacation and sick time laws for LA County, please explain, thanks!  Thank you for the clarification. I guess now I know what she is doing is completely legal-- just really shitty for the long term employees losing 5-6 days of PTO they had previously.  Yeah, my manager never allowed rollover time last year or my first year, but this new rule allows PTO to rollover. There is no requirement to provide vacation time. Your employer is simply bundling this into total PTO which you are expected to use if you're sick, and can use for other things if you want. Vacation time is vested in CA. If people have banked vacation from previous years it can't just disappear in this new system. Is this usually considered "sick time"? Is vacation time required? Or does this apply as PTO?  If they have 25 or more employees they are required to provide 48 hours annually up to a stored cap of 72 hours. 48 hours would be 6 work days.