 I know it's super illegal to knowingly sell a fake item to someone as real, but what if someone sold a fake item to me but told me it was real, then I went and tried to sell that and the person I sold it to found out it was a fake item, would I be in trouble? Thanks.  It sounds like you already know or suspect that the item you are contemplating selling is fake. Unless you're just asking a hypothetical question, in which case you're in the wrong sub.  In this case if OP said "I'm pretty sure this is hemp but I'm selling it as-is" it would be ok as that's the entire point of selling something "as-is" is to say you don't really know if the product is legitimate or works or not. Maybe if OP intentionally lied about the product, but not in this situation where OP didn't know and was making his best guess.  There is no blanket answer. The response would be very fact-specific. In every state I'm aware of, the specific element is going to hinge on whether you knew, or should have known, the item was counterfeit. If you bought a "brand new" Gucci purse with tags for $100 bucks, any reasonable person would believe it is counterfeit. If you then re-sell it, you would also be complicit.   's a t-shirt made from hemp turns out to be cotton you'd be fine although would probably have to give the money back if you didn't sell it "as-is". "As-is" does not cover blatant misrepresentation. You can't label cotton as hemp and justify it by adding an "as-is" clause. You could possibly sell cotton as "looks like hemp".  Most likely, you would just have to refund the buyer. Depends on the item. If it's a t-shirt made from hemp turns out to be cotton you'd be fine although would probably have to give the money back if you didn't sell it "as-is". If it's a strict liability issue like selling counterfeit copyrighted materials (e.g. selling a CD that turns out to be pirated) you could actually be sued by the person who owns the copyright on the item. However, "could actually be sued" doesn't mean "you're likely to be sued" and in nearly all cases where you'd unknowingly sell a counterfeit item you most likely will not face consequences other than giving a refund. Of course there are exceptions; you have a significant chance of being prosecuted if you unknowingly sell someone a bottle of vodka that turns out to be methanol and kills them. In a criminal sense, unknowingly passing along fakes is usually not illegal. You might have to prove you didn't know, though, which is tricky since nobody can read your mind. And in a civil sense, you would still owe the buyer their money back.