 Hey so I agreed to trade my airsoft gun with another reddit user using r/airsoftmarket. My gun was practically brand new and in tip top condition. He told me that the gearbox would need some greasing and shimming at the last minute. Unfortunate, but it didn't worry me much. When I received the package, it was a small cube. I was thinking there is no way a gun could fit in there, but then I realized it must have been disassembled. Much more unfortunate, but again i wasn't too too worried. When I opened the box, the first thing I noticed was the awful packaging. Loose parts were everywhere, with only some measly paper strands to protect everything. All of the metal parts have bad chipped paint and stuff no doubt from all that metal clanging together, since I don't recall seeing it like that from the pictures he sent. There is even a small hole in the corner of the box where some small screws or pins could have fallen out. Both extra springs he sent got bent. The handgaurd he sent is not the one that comes with the katana, feels low quality and is extremely wobbly when I attach it properly after I put together the barrel assembly. The bolt release/catch button is just plain missing. The bottom plate that is supposed to attach to the bottom of the pistol grip doesn't even fit, making the gun completely unusable . The carrying handle he sent me is plastic and made by g g... obviously not the one with the we katana. Missing the front sling mount, although oddly enough he included the pin for it. The pin for the gas tube to connect securely with the front post is missing. In the pictures he sent, there was a stock on the gun. I did not receive a stock of any sort. The buffer tube was not assembled and took me about an hour to take it off and run the wires through, etc.. since I didn't have a long enough screw driver. The magazine he included was not only completely full of bbs for god knows how long, but it is so wobbly in the magwell that it would be unusable. So basically I traded my perfect functioning as val airsoft gun for a completely unusable, incomplete, and beat up we katana. The seller is acting like none of these problems exist and the gun is fine. Im wasting my time and I'm extremely busy. He's offered some extra magazines or other airsoft stuff which I have no use for, and have no reason to believe would be in a usable condition. Now he won't even contact me. What should I do? Contact the police? Is there anything I can do? If it is important to you, schedule a free consultation either with a local legal clinic or a local lawyer. Though they may not be able to get involved, they can break down the process you would have to do or if any specific detail merits changing circumstance. Also make sure to follow the procedure in the trading sub to have his name/email/addy flagged. The police won't do anything, at this point it's a civil matter. Your recourse is to file a small claims suit, in his jurisdiction, and cover the travel costs to go to court there. Or just take it as a lesson learned.