 I’m from Maryland and I’m heading to a traffic court in the state of Virginia without a lawyer, was just wondering what I’m looking at in terms of sentence, also should I just plead guilty right off the bat as well?  Not points off but still got recorded, the insurance companies would know. Thank you so much for information and helping me out.  Yeah VA fucks you like no other when it comes to tickets, it’s gonna be a pain in the ass but you aren’t looking at anything more than a fine, you won’t even get points being your not a VA resident. ignore what everyone else is saying in the comments, those fuckers freaked me out more than giving me good advice, still just go ahead and give a traffic lawyer from the county you got ticketed in a call for a free consultation and they’ll tell you more in depth what you should expect. Just heading from MD to DC, didn't even know that was VA territory, first time been charged as reckless driving, so i thought it was a big deal. VA law sucks, in most states, we just need to pay the fine, and that's most likely some a hundred bucks not 320 When I got my charge it wasn’t a construction zone so idk if that makes it more harsh. I would call a traffic lawyer from VA for a free consultation. If this is your first reckless driving charge you have a 0% chance of serving jail time. When I went to court there were 30 other people there for reckless driving as well, it’s actually a very common thing people deal with when driving through VA so pretty much all you’ll have to worry about is a hefty fine. My fine was 320$, but I think with construction zone tickets the fines are higher. Ive been charged as reckless driving today too, I was driving at 73/40, it was construction zone, im not a va resident, i don't know if i need to see a lawyer, how much was your fine? Is that possible that i might serve some jail time? the advice was bad it just ended up working out lol, there is a difference... sometimes it's better to be lucky 82/55 will depend where you got the ticket, what court is it in? Most judges consider either a reduction to a simple speeding ticket, or driving school to reduce. There are some who won't reduce at 27 mph over, but most do. Your driving record will play a role. If you don't contest guilt, then usually no contest is a good plea. there is no distinction between "traffic court" and "criminal court." they are both general district court, and general district court handles traffic infractions, as well as criminal misdemeanors (reckless driving, DUI, possession of marijuana, etc) and all the potential penalties. They call it "traffic court" as a means to note that the docket is mostly traffic related (misdemeanor traffic and infractions). But the penalties aren't any different because the misdemeanor (carries 0-12 months in jail) happened in a car. I didn’t know the answers, I posted this before my trial, now I’m posting what my experience was and how wrong these guys were, buying a lawyer would have been double the money for 0 reason. There were about 25 other reckless driving cases before me that all got dropped to a lesser charge and were only slapped with a fine, not a single person was represented with a lawyer.  If you apparently already know the answers to your questions why even bother posting here at all? What's more important is the driving record, the insurance costs, etc. It's worth the investment up front to prevent the long term cost.  Don’t listen to this guy, if it’s your first reckless driving offense just plead guilty and you’ll get a fine. There were 50 other people that went before me with reckless driving charges, not one got more than a 200$ fine Not sure why you got downvoted, your advice was the best, charge got dropped to improper driving just like the other 40 reckless driving tickets that went before me. Everyone was making this a bigger deal then it was This is terrible advice btw  Yeah and definitely mention that this is a first time offense, the judge will already know usually as it is in your case file. Then you should ask if there is any possible way you can take a defensive driving course aka driving school.  Ok, this is my first time offense so that’s good, I just go ahead and plead guilty to the ticket I’m guessing? I live in Virginia. It’s a class 1 misdemeanor with a fine not to exceed $2500 and or confinement of no more than 12 months. Jail time and the maximum time is usually reserved for repeat offenders, those with severe attitudes both with the officer and or the judge. You need to yes take it seriously however the chances of jail time are slim to none.  You aren’t looking at jail time just a fine and points off your driving record. Best advice is to pay it and move on. You could ask for driving school and that could possibly get the ticket lowered. Do you need a lawyer? Not really unless you believe you weren’t going that fast or you want to waste the money. Though more than likely you would’ve told the officer and then be issued failure to maintain equipment and speeding. Upon fixing the equipment, you typically will receive a lower fine.  I went to traffic court too, but even traffic court has the right to enforce all potential penalties. I had no lawyer. I simply stated what happened, the truth that I was speeding through a construction zone, and was happy the judge didn’t enforce stricter penalties! When you went to court did you have a lawyer with you? Also my ticket says I have to go to traffic court and not criminal so hopefully that’s better.  Virginia is particularly rough on traffic offenses. Do not take this lightly. Find a lawyer (it shouldn't be tough) and fight it, regardless of cost. Lesson to all: Don't speed in Virginia. Also, Radar Detectors are illegal there.  Just get a traffic lawyer. The cost will be worth it in time and gas money alone honestly. Reckless driving is a class 1 misdemeanor, so up to 12 months in jail or $2500. This isn't a regular speeding ticket m8. Also, your insurance costs over the next decade will be potentially much greater than the fine. This is a misdemeanor, not a traffic citation. I doubt you're going to traffic court and bet that it's actual criminal court. Plead not guilty so that they schedule a pre-trial conference and you can negotiate with the prosecutor. It’s a Class 1 Misdemeanor, I’ve had one myself. I was lucky as I only had to pay a fine (mine was only $200, but it could be as high as $1200) had points (3 points, but can be up to 6) against my license. But there is the possibility of jail time (12 months) or a suspended license for 6 months. Best of luck to you! 