 Hi all, looking for information from anyone with experience in this field or just with similar situations. A couple months ago, my stepdaughter’s biological father/wife’s ex-boyfriend reported us to CPS for physical abuse of our stepdaughter, alleging that a bruise on her outer leg was caused by us kicking her (which was a lie - we’ve never hit our kids.) Long story short, he gloated to my wife via texts that he had reported us, CPS came same-day to investigate but did not see any imminent danger and left our children with us, and ultimately it became apparent that the situation/story made no sense and was closed out as unfounded with no further action necessary. It was also apparent that this was simply a power move by a man who has been both mentally and physically abusive to my wife in the past. My question lies in the fact that during our initial CPS visit, our caseworker stated she had to confirm that both of our children had their own beds and bedrooms. They both do, so that was fine - however, that is not the case at my stepdaughter’s father’s residence. He was evicted from his apartment less than a year ago and moved back in with his parents. Originally she was in his old bedroom and he moved into the basement - however at some point within the last few months (not sure when) he decided to take her room for reasons unknown (according to her, he says the basement makes his back hurt, not sure what that means) and her bed, and she was put on a futon on their back porch/sunroom. Obviously it gets cold in there considering it’s a Pennsylvania winter. Additionally, it seems for whatever reason his parents are having marital issues and that futon has also become his mom/her Grandma’s permanent sleeping area, so every night she spends on visitation over there means she has to sleep on a little futon with her grandmother. Not only is this kind of weird to me, but it’s also affecting her physically - she’s always gone to bed way later at her father’s than at our house, but now couple that with sleeping with a grandparent who snores loudly and keeps her up at night, and her sleep is really bad over there. She says she’s asked them to get her her own bed several times in the last couple months but has essentially been told “no.” Is this abuse? Is there law surrounding this? I have had a hard time finding a definitive answer. I’m not looking to get him or anyone in trouble (even though that’s what he did to us), I just want her to be able to sleep well and have her own space like she should. She spends 5 out of every 14 nights there so it’s not good for her. She’s almost 10 years old. Thanks for any assistance anyone can provide and I apologize if this was too wordy. Located in PA. Right, I certainly understand that aspect. We were considering officially asking her father ourselves to rectify this issue and waiting around a week until her next weekend there to see if it’s been fixed, and then start going down more official routes if not, but that’s probably a pointless effort... You need to file with the court and have the change approved to keep yourself on the right side of this. If you simply stop letting her go over without having gone to court, you can get in trouble.  Exactly. My daughter sleeps with grandma during the summer but they are besties and such a different situation. Sometimes we all sleep in my king bed. Grandma, ma, and two kids. But it’s only for visits. And generally no longer happens since my daughter is 13! [removed] Understood. It’s ultimately silly because they obviously CAN provide it - they have before, they have the space in their home, and they clearly have the money considering their vacationing - they just don’t want to. I don’t necessarily want to take custody away from him (and them, by proxy) right now, I just want my kid to be able to have her own space to sleep and change her clothes and stuff. I don't know offhand whether it's required by Pennsylvania law. But the judge has pretty wide latitude to set their own requirements for custody based on what they feel is most appropriate for the child. If the grandparents can't provide a private sleeping area and you can, that will weigh heavily in your favor. Okay, thanks. That’s what I was trying to mainly determine - if there is some specific law which is fairly black white and states she must have her own bed and/or own space. Thank you for the advice. Is that something that is within our rights to do? Knowing him, I would think his first reaction would be to say we are “kidnapping” her by withholding his visitation. Unfortunately we don’t have a lawyer, but after how ridiculous things have been these past couple of months, we may need to just get one...  It's within a judge's power to order. Whether they _will_ order it isn't something we can predict, but it is possible. I am not a lawyer, but I would think the best move would to have your lawyer request to cease any overnight visitations until he can provide his daughter with a permanent bed of her own (at his own expense, not yours).  Can you call CPS on them? It would start a paper trail at least.  But in this case it’s not her parent co-sleeping with her, it’s her grandparent. Does that make a difference? Regarding the bed, they’ve got four bedrooms in the house but only two are being used as bedrooms and only two actual mattresses being used by her dad and grandpa. I don’t know why they’re doing what they’re doing. Room three is “grandpa’s TV room” and room four in the basement is storage now I guess.  Is that something that would happen? Would a judge order that? That’s what I’m trying to find out - if having her own bed and own space is something that is legally enforceable. I did not see it specifically referenced in the custody agreement. Oh I agree completely, I was simply replying to the other poster’s statement about attempting full custody. Our goal right now is just to get her her own bed and her own space. The part that irritates me most is that they’re not lacking the space, they’re just assholes. The house has four bedrooms, but room one is grandpa’s room, room two is “grandpa’s TV room”, room three is her old room with her own bed that her dad took from her, and room four is in the basement. According to her, there was another bed downstairs in that basement room her dad slept in but “they got rid of it.” I don’t know the details about that and I don’t really care, she just needs her bed and her space. You’ve got four bedrooms and four people living there, it shouldn’t be like this. Co-sleeping is generally seen as a 'parenting style' issue rather than a legal issue. However, if it's happening because there's no bed for her, that might be reportable. It's not ABUSE but it's not a good living situation, CPS might scold them and put some pressure on them to fix it. What in that would have a judge grant full custody? All that would happen is an order to get the kid a bed.  I'm sure she does love her dad but sleeping on a futon on the porch(?!) With Grandma in a Pennsylvania winter is not something either of them should be doing. Buy her an air mattress she can put in the living room maybe or her mom needs to have the visits reduced to no overnights until the bed situation is resolved. That would be a severe understatement - he’s (willfully) barely employed and cries (literally, tears) in court to have his child support reduced further and further every year, but has his mom take her on annual beach vacations, trips to Hershey Park, Disney World, and other lavish vacations. He’s also got some kind of mental issues - he takes some kind of medication for it, has been hospitalized multiple times this year for “panic attacks” and at one point was held involuntarily in a suicide watch ward for a week. But we have no idea what his issues actually are or what he was diagnosed with as he refuses to share any information about it. We’ve had to get our 9 year old a cell phone to take with her during visitation just in case he has a mental episode alone with her and she’s alone or otherwise in danger...  Sounds like you should just take him to court and get full custody and take her out of that shitty situation. She doesn’t deserve to be treated like that. Her dad sounds like a narcissistic douchebag.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.