 I’ve never been through court before, and I need to know how to do this. My parents have taken something they gave me as an unconditional gift (It was a gift from “Santa” to be specific), and they claim everything that I didnt buy that they gave me belongs to them. I’ve done research, and legally they can’t do this. I’ve told them that it’s against the law, but they do not care. They still refuse to listen. How would I go about taking legal action in this scenario? To “punish me” for not wanting to go on a mission for my church. We’re mormon, and while I’m a believer in the church, a mission I feel is not for me, and hell, my bishop and stake president agree with me. But my dad gets fucking triggered every time I even hint at the fact that i’m not interested in a mission. 18. To ensure the safety of my property, especially my laptop. There is far too much for me to lose if my parents decide to destroy my property in some way. Everything I’ve done in my life is on that laptop; my schoolwork, photos, months worth of code, etc., and if that laptop is destroyed or erased, my life’s work is all gone. I know, i’m stupid for not backing it up, but this came out of the blue and if I lose my life’s work, I don’t think i’d have the will to take action. I need that stuff on that laptop.  And why did your parents take it back? Why wait? It was a laptop given to me as a gift from “Santa.” I can name everything on it, my name is on it, all of my personal information is on it, etc.  Yeah but not for much longer. Once I get my shit back I’m out. And you're not living at home? /u/Arudin88 has the right of it. Note that small claims in Utah is direct damages only. You will incur filing fees to get the ball rolling, as well as process fees. There's no safe harbor in what you've described if you're still residing at your parents' - so they can give you a notice to vacate as soon as they get the small claims summons. Utah also has mandatory mediation in some Justice Courts (where small claims is handled). Judges here are big on that. You would have to prove ownership of said belongings in a court of law, which usually means (and I've seen all kinds of documentary evidence - rules of evidence don't apply in Utah small claims) some kind of receipt with your name and the name of the belonging, or a bill of sale, or on stuff like electronics an account registered in your name, or something like that. While the law may seem straightforward, there are lots of conditional gifts and privileges whose use can be reclaimed by the provider, or that are considered familial or communal goods. What the object is, and the manner in which it's been reclaimed, is pretty relevant here. 18 years old. Legal adult. Your age matters.  How old are you? You would sue them in [small claims]() in the county where you live, assuming you are an adult. But if you rely on them for support in any way, they can also stop providing that