 I just bought a house, and it has a party wall on one side. The attached house is long-term vacant and owned by a non-local LLC who bought it a few years ago, according to tax records. There's a sign in the front window that says it was winterized. The vacant house has a smoke detector that beeps every 34 seconds that I can hear from our bedroom. I think it's a chirp for a dying battery, but based on how long it's been ongoing, it is possible that it's an A/C powered smoke alarm with a backup battery, which means it could conceivably go on forever(?) although I was initially doubtful that power is on at a vacant house. I submitted a 311 request and they marked the issue as closed, and said that there's really nothing they can do about it but they can send someone out to investigate. Unsure if they are planning to do that or not. I want the beeping to stop. I'm here for suggestions, commiseration, further questions, etc., if you would be so kind as to weigh in. Right?!? I have a new connection to that Edgar Allen Poe story now That beeping would drive me insane! Kind of like a cricket chirping except for you know where it’s coming from. No, it was just the contractor. He didn't have any information at all unfortunately... thanks for your help! Does the paper that says its Winterized have a Phone number on it for someone other then the contractor who did the winterization? If so call that...Or if you still have the contractors number see if he remembers what Co contracted him to do the wint. and contact them...If all else fails.. Find a local realtor who handles foreclosures in your area and see if he/she knows who is the Preservation Co that handles that property. Sucks to do the leg work since they are supposed to be checked on by the realtor weekly and the Preservation Co monthly.. Sorry your dealing with this..  I sleep with a little noise machine and earplugs. Partner sleeps like a rock and is not bothered. Have you contacted the LLC and notified them of the issue, and if so what was the response? If you've had no luck with that, call the non-emergency police number and make a noise complaint. Perhaps contact the police non-emergency number and see if they can help? There might be a noise ordinance in your area that could help. Depending on fire code requirements in your area- you could also try contacting the local fire marshal and advise that the unit adjoining yours has a malfunctioning smoke detector (or at least you believe it does) that could put both units at risk in case of a fire. They might be able to assist. My suggestion would be to contact law-enforcement’s nonemergency number and file a noise complaint. Maybe a call from law-enforcement will get the owners moving more quickly. How do you sleep??