 Hello, Thanks in advance for the help. I'll try to run down all the details that I have. My mother was diagnosed with adult non Hodgkin lymphoma back in early September and has been receiving chemotherapy since some time in October. She applied for SSI in September as she can't work. They got all the paperwork they needed some time in November. They never flagged her for compassionate allowances which was a mistake on their part. They say they have done it a couple of weeks ago. Her social worker says this only means they "look at it" faster, and has nothing to do with a determination being made, but everything on their site says it is about a faster determination. We have contacted the Doctor who wrote them another note saying it has already been 5 months, and he doesn't expect to even talk about her going back to work until another 4-5 months goes by. They said they wanted to wait until January 7th now, her next treatment, in which she isn't even finished at this point. She has been pushed back and they have been waiting for each subsequent appointment. I suspect they will tell her to wait until her next round of chemo in Feb again, too. My question is obviously, isn't the CAL act supposed to be an automatic yes or no in a few weeks? Everything I see is that it's meant for reasonable automatic determinations. Adult non Hodgkin Lymphoma is definitely on the list, but they just keep telling her to wait. Do we have any legal recourse or are they correct that they can make her wait up to a year? Seems so wrong. Thank you. This all makes sense as to what I'm hearing but in way more detail. I appreciate this help. Thank you so much for this. Edit: It's a CAL flagged case according to them since beginning December.  I am an SSA disability Examiner. Please note that we are currently not affected by the partial government shut down. On 9/28/2018 Congress fully funded us for the 2019 Fiscal year. In order for a claim to be flagged as a compassionate allowance (CAL) it has to be done when the claim is taken. If her case was not flagged then it will not be. A CAL flag just means it goes to an examiner who works on those types of cases because we are required to have the case completed in 20 days. However, we do get cases that are flagged as CAL and do not meet the requirement. We remove the flag and continue to process the claim without a time expedient. I have denied cases that were flagged CAL and did not actually meet the criteria. For Non Hodgkin's Lymphoma her cancer must be an aggressive form that is persistent or recurrent follow initial anticancer treatments or is an indolent form that is requiring two methods of treatment (i.e. chemo and radiation). Not all Non Hodgkin Lymphoma cases meet this criteria. When we process cancer cases we usually process those cases for a minimum of three months before making a decision (we want to see the response to treatment) if the medical research shows there are very good outcomes with treatment and remission is very likely to be achieved with initial treatment. In order to qualify her conditions have to keep her out of work for a continuous period of 12 months. From your post it sounds like she may not meet that requirement if she does respond to treatment and this may be why her case is being held for a decision. The longest we tend to hold cases is 3 to 6 months if we need to see how someone responds to treatment. From what you posted this is probably the case. I would recommend calling the local determination office in your state. The Mass office line, which can be found on their website, is 617-204-3600. Give them a call on Monday and hopefully you should be able to reach the examiner assigned to her case that can help you. However, you might have to wait until after the New Year holiday ( a lot of us in government tend to take extended time off around Christmas).  [removed] Hey there, Thank you for the reply. We do have a social worker but SSI is telling her the same non committal confusing stuff. She's not terminal which is their reasoning but her diagnosis is still on the CAL and terminal isnt a qualification. But I do see what you're saying on that speeding things up. It's a good question, thank you. Basically it seems as if SSI is lying about CAL, and every attorney I've called says that they never deal with CAL cases because they are auto approvals and never have to fight it. I will call the social worker and some other groups to see what can be done. Thank you for your time and these good ideas. Edit: And of course thank you for the really kind words. NAL but my mom is also older with cancer and social security issues. Do you have a social worker or any aid services other than the doctors office? If not, ask the doctors office for a referral to social services, social workers, any aid agencies. If she has been in a hospital, call that hospital up as well and ask for their social worker or referral to social worker. Ditto if she has been in a physical rehab center at any point. Basically ask everyone everywhere for aid referrals and advocacy groups, and make relentless phone calls. If one group can't help you, ask for further phone numbers and call them. There are people who help appeal SSI and Medicaid/Medicare determinations. In addition, call up your Area Agency on Aging. Google your county + Area Agency on Aging. Request assistance, referrals, advocacy, whatever they can send you. Is your mom's situation terminal? I'm sorry to ask that. It's because if her doctor determines she has ~6 months (or is willing to say so in writing) then she may be eligible for Hospice. Hospice is not a place so much as a designation for a certain level of care, and it makes a person eligible for a slew of additional services. Hospice rules differ in different areas. In my area it's a prognosis of ~6 months (which does not necessarily mean a person passes in that time). But the rules and policies may be different in your area. Ask hospitals, nurses, and social workers. They may be hesitant to mention it but relieved if you ask. Again, think of it as an administrative designation that helps secure additional services. That's really the only way to look at it. Good luck. Healthcare, aging, cancer, and dying in the US is an absolute nightmare that requires relentless, unflagging, exhausting follow up. Your mom is lucky to have you. Seek Caregiver Support Groups for yourself too. EDIT: I see you do have a social worker. Ask her how to get additional help, if a Hospice designation is useful, and for referral to additional agencies or services. Don't be afraid to get a 'second opinion' for social work or help. Relentless phone calls to additional agencies. They are notoriously overworked.