 Sorry if this is the wrong place for this but here I go. My landlord evicted us but knows it was my roommates fault. That I was a great and quiet rule abiding tenant. My roommates caused a lot of trouble. I tried to get out of the lease before but couldn't but she knows what goes on in the house. Is there a way I can convince the judge not to put this in my public record? Also do I need an attorney for this? I don't want to fight the eviction because I can't get away from my roommates otherwise and can't afford court fees and attorneys whether I win or lose. My roommate does plan on fighting so I'm just gonna let him do whatever and if he wins, I have someone taking over my part of the lease (approved with the landlord). I don't know who to talk to or what to do or what papers I need to help protect myself. I have to be out by the 29th and I'm working full days until pass then so I don't even have time or a car to sort out anything so I really need a game plan so I can take off days. Also I'm in Tennessee (rutherford county) Definitely will take pictures. Good idea. And I don't mean to stop them, I just don't want to miss a step that I should've taken that'll bite me in the ass later. This is my first place and my first eviction so I have no clue. I was barely able to google my way through everything else so far. Thank you for all your help! You have no idea how much relief I have now that I have a plan.  Okay great! I'll ask my current landlord about that and see if she can write me one, thank you! In the mean time, some future landlords may take a letter from the plaintiff on the eviction (your current land lord) as proof you settled your end of it. When you apply for a place, bring the letter from your current landlord. If they have a letterhead with contact info at the top, even better. You can't stop the landlord from filing a lawsuit if that's your question. You should try to clean the carpet as best you can, and take lots of pictures in case the landlord claims it's even worse than it is. That's fair. So in the next 7 days, what can I do to protect myself? Or just move out and wait? They could sue anybody on the lease. Everybody on the lease is individually responsible for all the damage. We paid all of our bills on time, I am worried about the carpet because it was a mess before I moved in, but my 2 roomates lived there the last year too. I lived here for 4 months and then this. Would they be suing us as a whole or is that on them? Also thank you so much, I didn't know that nor could I find anything on it. Your landlord could still sue you in small claims for the outstanding rent, or for any damage beyond what your deposit will cover, but if you return possession, you generally should not be evicted. So if we're all gone, and turn in the keys, then we don't have to go to court and this all goes away? You've been served with notice to vacate, but you haven't been evicted until the court proceedings. The filing will be public record, but you can avoid the eviction if you move out and turn in the keys by the time 29th. If you and your roommate are on the same lease, you have to be in agreement on what to do though. The eviction will still need to go through if your roommate doesn't move out. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.