 Yesterday, I stop at a gas station in my town and ask for my 1983 Mercedes 300D to be filled with diesel. As I always do, my parents pay for my gas so I use my credit card to just fill the tank, so every time I get gas I say the same thing: filla diesel please. I think maybe the old sedan look of my car threw him off and he filled it with unleaded petrol gasoline. I wish I caught this error as it were happening because it would be a much cheaper fix if I hadn't noticed and drove it like I did. I leave the gas station, no problem, drop my friend off and then, when I kill my engine for the first time since getting gas, it won't start at all and makes terrible knocking noises that continue even when I take the keys out of the ignition. I recruited some mechanic friends to come take a look at it and they smelled the gas tank and said that's definitely gas in your car. Upon further research, this will cost me anywhere from $4,000-$17,000, which is way more than I even paid for my car. My parents don't want to pay the price of the gas attendant's small mistake and want to know if they are entitled to a claim or can somehow receive compensation from the gas station. help!! thank you!  Print your credit card statement that proves you got the gas, will help with the claim  As far as I'm aware, it doesn't matter. Your damages are capped at the monetary value of what was lost. Even if the car was worth $100k, if the damage to the car was estimated to be $150k then the injured party is still relegated to just the value of the vehicle. Is that still taken into account for vintage cars? It could be argued that the value was steadily rising due to the age and condition of the car NJ has a similar law where it's only gas that has to be full-service, but good luck not getting run off the pump even if you're pumping diesel. I got run off a diesel pump that was fully separate from the gas pumps. That's entirely discounting the whole "yes this station wagon takes diesel, it's a turbodiesel engine, it has a special fuel cap, sticker on the side of the fuel door, and bright yellow sticker near the steering wheel to make sure everyone knows it" conversation.  $4,000-$17,000, which is way more than I even paid for my car. My parents don't want to pay the price of the gas attendant's small mistake and want to know if they are entitled to a claim or can somehow receive compensation from the gas station. help!! thank you! That all depends.... it has to be a Diesel only pump if you want to pump it your self. If it's a dual pump that has both gasoline and diesel than they have to pump it for you. Also, you'll need to make sure the pump you used had diesel on it. Is your cap green or clearly labeled diesel? If you asked for Diesel and were at a Diesel pump than it is 100% their fault and they will have to pay for it but with a repair bill that big you're going to have to fight them tooth and nail to get it paid for. Not a Lawyer but I did run a gas station for the past 4 years. Whattya know, they sure did. Either way, this is one for the insurance companies to work out amongst themselves. I'm confident this isn't the first time it's happened. They'll have a road map of who's on the hook. I haven't yet. I only have liability coverage.  Have you spoken with your insurance company? They should be able to go after the gas station for you. a gas station attendant Who pumped the gas Just a heads up, if the damage done to your car exceeds the value of the car then it may just be totaled out and you'll only get what the car is currently worth. Didn't they just change the law on pumping your own gas in Oregon? Or am I thinking of someplace else? The nozzles are different. From my understanding,, the diesel hole is generally bigger than the gas nozzle, so a gas pump will fit into a diesel but a diesel pump won't fit into a gas hole.  I thought regular gasoline pump will not fit into a diesel tank. The pumps nozzles are supposed to be different to help mistakes like this happening.  yes there's diesel at every pump at that gas station. thank you, that clears things up a bit.  Oh, really? That may change things. This is probably the exact reason they adjusted the law. I assume you pulled up to a pump that had both options, yes? There's not a separate pump that's just diesel? Someone's gonna have to pay for it, so unless you're coming out of pocket, your parent's insurance is going to get a call. It's up to them if they want to go after the station or not.  After doing some research I found out that for diesel vehicles you actually can pump your own gas, will we still be able to file a claim?  Especially since it's illegal to pump your own gas in Oregon, the gas station is liable. They have insurance. Have your parents file a claim. Your parent's insurance company will go after the gas station.  If you can reasonably establish the station’s liability in fact - that is you asked for diesel and they pumped unleaded by mistake - you may be entitled to see the station pay for your loss. Proving up that case may be very difficult. Because it seems relevant in this case, that liability is limited at fair market value for the car if that’s less than the repairs.  whoever owns the car should contact the gas station, let them know what happened, and ask for their insurance info