 I’m prepping myself for probably having to hire a workman’s comp attorney for my claim filed in October. I’m beginning to get the bullshit run around and they’re conflicting what they’re saying since I told them that I’m scheduled for surgery. An attorney would have quite a hayday with this because it all starts with my employer “misplaced” my incident reports. I had to TEXT my immediate supervisor the information, I never saw the actual report filed. I have the voicemail saved stating they lost my paperwork and my text to my supervisor. I have every phone call documented, including a gist of what was spoken about because ironically enough, lines with adjusters aren’t recorded. I have a feeling everyone’s going to have amnesia since the words surgery is scheduled are in play. I’m 23, I really don’t have to means to pay for this lawyer. The only thing I want the workman’s comp company to pay for is my surgery, time off and my physical therapy and post op appointments. I don’t plan on becoming rich from this, hell I don’t even really care about settlement money. How do Workmans comp attorneys operate for payment? From my knowledge some/many attorneys require you to put money upfront for them to pull from or it’s a few hundred dollars for them to send a letter. I don’t have the means to do that currently.  Workers' compensation consultations are free and there is no fee unless they are able to help you. The fee is normally 20% and has to be approved by the workers' compensation judge. It is worth it to hire a lawyer now.  Your doctor shouldn’t have scheduled surgery without getting authorization from the insurance company first. The insurance company is just doing their due diligence and there will always be some question of necessity when a surgery is recommended without very explicit findings-they’re not out to deny things, they’re trying to make sure the things they approve are the best course of treatment for you. I don’t see how anything would change at this point by you getting an attorney.  It didn’t get denied yet, but I have a strong feeling it may and difficulties processing may begin. I’m just attempting to prepare for the worst. On our first call, 11/5/18 get got all of my information. I disclosed I had a previous finger surgery. However my problem now is my wrist. I’ve never had a wrist problem. No further questions were asked. On 12/7/18 my adjuster asked when’s my next appointment. I told him 12/10. I also asked him, regardless of the outcome of my appointment and my treatment suggestions, am I okay to solely treat with my current doctor, or do I need to see one of their doctors for any reason. He told me no, I was okay to solely treat with my doctor. i asked this because i knew surgery was more than likely going to be scheduled 12/10/18 I called my adjuster to tell him I’m scheduled for surgery because my doctor suspects a split UT tear. Imaging was norma however, all imaging is completely unreliable when it comes to a split tear. Adjuster said okay. I asked how the tx will work because they sent me a letter stating they would only pay for 90 days of tx. I asked if I needed to have my doctor write a letter or fill out a form to extend it. He told me no, all tx will be covered. 12/12/18 my adjuster called asking about my surgery from an MVA 3 years ago. He now just stated he needed my medical records regarding that surgery to make sure it wasn’t related to this because the finger and wrist are “close” however they’re two separate joints. He also threw in the possibility of a second opinion. 12/14/18 I paid for them to have all of me medical records because I’m on a time crunch. They have until Wednesday to really begin giving me answers on what they want, don’t want and aren’t sure about. My surgery is scheduled for 1/4.  Worker's compensation attorneys get paid a percentage of your claim by whatever rate your state mandates. You haven't made it clear though, are they denying your claim or you're just having difficulties processing it? 