 I think it goes without saying that if you give someone money, they should always sign a contract. I pulled all the no-no cards at once, invested with a friend and trusted someone else to draw up a contract. The perils of being young, I suppose. Due to circumstances involving me being kind of a pushover, about 2/3 of the promised money was paid by me without a signature. Now I've drawn up a contract that I would like retroactively signed and notorized, and they won't sign. Saying it wouldn't be in the best interest of the business, and they're doing a lot to pay me back as it is right now. I should be grateful. As well, because I've asked them twice in a week for info to create a contract, they are threatening to write down the debt. They assure me I'll be paid back, but I doubt it. Unfortunately oral contracts are not enforcable for goods purchased over $500 in this state and we're sitting just under $10k for a personal loan. The agreement was for him to start a legal, licensed cannabis cartridge company that would be paying dividends on owned shares within 2-3 months, and would hire me as it's first employee. They had a business plan with cost breakdowns and claimed to have people willing to buy their product based on reputation. Instead, I found out as the first few steps were carried out the plan was mostly speculation (he didn't know what cartridges he wanted to use despite having an exact cost in his breakdown), the buyers were dubious, I wouldn't be working there, and they couldn't get a lisence for months. At this time I decided not to invest further despite agreeing to do so previously, because I felt that the original concept was misrepresented and I had no desire to fund anything illegal. The same day, I nutted up a little and drew up my version of the loan contract, sent it over to review, and I heard nothing back about the terms in the document. I've talked about it since and it gets brushed aside like I'm a huge dick for wanting my money back. I don't know what to do. I sold my car to pay for this, but at the expense of transportation and work. I might have to move back home soon. Without slapping me with the hindsight stick, anyone have any suggestions? Am I just SOL? 