 My sister paid for the last 2 semester‘s tuition fees when I was finishing up my undergraduate degree. This was in 2006. Now, out of the blue, her husband is asking us to pay it back. There was no written contract or documentation of any sort when my sister paid my fees and it was supposed to be a gift, not borrowed money. Regardless, it is her money and I am happy to pay it back. My brother in law wants it back with interest. He has not yet told us what the final number he wants is... I am assuming that he will inflate it to the most ridiculous number. I’d like to pay off this sudden debt but I’m looking for a lawyer who can help me with preparing a legal document to that effect. A document that says that once this debt is paid off, no more debt remains. I’m concerned that seeing me give in and pay their money without any backlash will embolden the brother in law and that in a few months he will come back to ask for some more money on some other pretext. I am aware that since there never was any legal documentation to begin with, I am not really required to pay back anything but I would still like to, for my sisters sake. For the moment, she stands with my brother in law and will not reason otherwise. I’m in the California Bay Area. My question is: What kind of lawyer do I need to draft this document? Where can I find such a lawyer? I’ve never been involved in anything lawyer related before. I’m happy to pay the lawyer fees. I just want closure and not have this keep coming back at me. I just finished college and have just started working. I have no savings and will probably need to take a personal loan to pay this off for the moment.  If she does anything to you at work get the cops involved and have her arrested for trespassing then go get a restraining order, if/when necessary. In any case document all contact with her, history is needed to establish a pattern of behavior. Don’t be cow tailed by your sister.  You do realize they are just going to pick something else to be petty about right? People like this will always find something to pick at.  I want to be super-clear about this: It was a gift. Period. End of story. If there are no other facts surrounding the giving of the gift, then you have no obligation to pay them a dime. You owe them nothing. There is no debt. Don't pay them anything -- or even say that you'll pay them something -- without talking to a lawyer (specifically, a lawyer who you hired, Not someone they know or suggest!). If you are given notice of a lawsuit, get a consultation with a civil attorney and respond to the notice. (Never ignore any papers regarding a lawsuit, even if you know the suit is frivolous.) If they keep bothering you and you want them to go away, you can always pay a lawyer to spend an hour and send them a strongly worded letter. On the interpersonal advice side, here's a script for you if they keep asking: "I really appreciated your generous gift that helped me finish my education. Because it was a gift, I don't understand why you want me to give you money now, but that's not something that I planned on or am going to do." That's it. Don't argue with them, don't tell them you can't afford it right now (because they'll try to tell you how you can, or try to get you to commit to paying later). Just say no. "No" is a full sentence. Sounds like they are very comfortable exploiting your kindness for their own personal gain. Take that into consideration while you decide whether it’s worth re-gifting them this large amount of money, which is exactly how you should think about it. This isn’t debt, it’s emotional blackmail.  Very politely and professionally inform HR that your sister is not above appearing at your place of work in order to attempt to have words with you. Depending on the employer they may want her name, description, and may inform security. Or they may not have much to say. Either way, it's the most professional thing to do to protect yourself in your relationship with your employer. And it's practical. Try to get in front of the issue as far as your employment goes. Be very mature, matter of fact, and calm in the discussion. Your lawyer may be able to draft a simple demand letter saying there was no contract, the statute of limitations has run out even if there was one, and to desist contacting you. If you wish them to take that approach (and if it's true). Let them advise you. Since you are now working, call up HR and find out if you have the type of benefits package that gives you a one hour free meeting with an attorney. Many employees have this benefit and do not know it, or they use it for simple purposes like reviewing a lease. If you have this benefit, you can use it to receive advice and perhaps low-cost drafting for your needs. Location may matter (statute of limitations and all), so could you edit that into the post somewhere? Also, IANAL, but you usually cannot turn a 12-year-old gift into a new debt, especially when it was your spouse's gift to someone and not yours. Do not acknowledge it as a debt in any way until you've consulted with someone who is an expert in the matter, or it may strengthen their claim. This sounds like they're extorting this money from you Are you giving your sister this gift in hopes of repairing your relationship? Do they have kids? Maybe the gift could fund an educational trust or similar?  That’s why you refuse any further contact with them and refer them to a letter of cease and desist. If they refuse by harassing you at your public job, you try for a restraining order. You personally don’t have to speak to them ever again. And like others have said, the clock on that not loan ran out long long ago. Plus, you never signed anything. Don’t pay a penny, get a lawyer. If she's really become that bitter over 12 years you might just want to leave her alone. I'd never pay money to someone so petty.  Bad idea. Statute of limitations is long past, but if you pay anything it will restart. NAL. Twelve years of interest at an arbitrary rate of their choosing on what was supposed to be a gift, not a loan, is absolutely ludicrous. If they hate you now and want the money back, you might consider giving it to them to shut them up, but a) you don't have to, b) you ABSOLUTELY should not go into debt for it, c) you want EXTENSIVE documentation that you owe them nothing forever now, and d) don't pay interest, seriously, that's unreasonable. Offer nothing in regards to repayment of any type of loan. Respond and be clear that the money was a gift and not a loan. If you want tobnb pay it back, make the BIL's birthday gifts money, which end when you have given back an equivilent amount of money. If you want to make him regret being an asshole, giving him a gift of $100 each year in loose pennies is an excellent method.  "There was no written contract or documentation" You don't need any type of lawyer. Just pay back whatever you want to. Or pay none of it back. Doesn't matter, you have no legal obligation to pay anything. [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] You probably don't have to pay off this debt due to the statute of limitations. Most of the time you have to go after the debt within 6 years, though it varies by jurisdiction. If you want to pay, just ask a contract lawyer or a general practice lawyer to draft the agreement. Shouldn't cost more than a couple hundred on the outside. Does your sister want the money back? Because there could be unseen marriage problems and you could be giving her soon to be ex a bunch of money. Don't go into debt for a gift thing this will free you. Get your lawyer to write a letter explaining the gift and to tell them to pound sand. You want to come off as the better party, but your engaging in behavior that will make it worse. I can’t think of any way they could get it back from you from what you’ve said. Just make sure that if you do decide you want to pay it back, that the cost of the lawyer will be deducted from the total and let them know that interest is laughable. They sound extremely petty and a little desperate, which means you hold all of the cards. There’s nothing quite like family. don't pay any interest if it was not a loan. I'd give her just her money back (get a receipt or do a check/money transfer). also, don't deal with your brother in law, directly with your sister. IANAL. Don't take out a personal loan to pay for this, and don't pay them anything until there's an agreement in writing. Their greed and pettiness is not a good reason for you to put yourself in a financial bind. [deleted] Were she and her husband even married 12 years ago? I think it's great that you're going to pay back the gift, to preserve family civility, but charging interest is where you need to stop them in their tracks. You could have taken out a loan all those years ago, probably with a lower interest rate or even deferred interest. When you see your attorney, discuss this with them too. You're already being taken advantage of, don't let your brother in law take even more advantage. You need a business transactional lawyer to draft a promissory note for you. Any lawyer who advertises themselves as a general commercial lawyer would fit the bill as well. The promissory note will specify the amount of the debt, the interest, the payment terms, etc. Your lawyer can advise you on how to document payment and payoff. He or she can also advise you on whether and how to fight this claim.  Any lawyer that takes general civil cases can handle this for you. Having said that, they gifted this money to you 12 years ago. Any lawyer is likely going to tell you that any recourse they would have has probably run through its statute of limitations by now. If that's te case, unless you made them some promise to pay them back which would extend SOL, there's likely no way they can get a judgment against you. 