 I was in an auto accident in June this year. The accident took place in Michigan which is a no fault state but my auto insurance also deemed me to not be at fault. Since the accident I have received a pile of bills that my auto carrier keeps denying to cover. Auto insurance is through progressive and the insurance plan states in the event of an accident that my medical insurance must pay first and then progressive will pick up the rest. Progressive has not covered their side of the billing thus far but my main medical coverage has. When calling progressive to inquire why the bills are not being paid I keep receiving the same run around explaining that the medical insurance must pay first (which they have). When offering to send the bills to progressive to show that the medical insurance has paid they keep ignoring the offer. The only response they seem to give is that they have 30 days to deny any medical bills they receive with an explanation to the billing center. This leads to the next issue that the billing centers are not billing the medical insurance and then auto. When they bill this incorrectly each time they receive a letter from auto insurance stating that medical must be billed first. They then bill medical but never send the remaining balance to my auto and instead send it to me. I have been battling this for several months and am now being sent to collections despite constantly calling progressive, medical insurance and the billing centers. I have reached out to several auto accident attorney's in Michigan but all have denied to get involved as my accident has not reached a substantial value for them. Currently not sure what to do and don't want to have negative marks on my credit for bills that should be covered.  You can also contact the dept of insurance in your state and file a claim.  They refuse the offer because if you don't do it, your 1-year deadline continues to run, and their payment clock never starts running. Simply offering them has no legal effect at all. Send them the EOBs, along with the bills that show your medical insurance left a balance unpaid, and a statement that they're crash-related and a request for payment. That stops your clock and starts theirs.