 Hi , I have received a ISP subpoena in regards for torrent downloading . The plaintiff name mentioned is "Strike 3 Holdings " and this is all filed in New Jersey Court, Hudson County. They have mentioned some 60 videos in their complaint. I am really worried regards to this notice which says they will release my Name and Address only by 7th Jan. I am living here in apartment building, where 6 apartments on same floor and any body have access to my signal. I have shared my password sometimes with my neighbor. Also with Paying guests staying in my place. I am on work visa and have 2 dependents, this is really scaring me as I was not even aware that this kind of letter can come for some downloading. While reading through internet many people suggest 3 things. 1. File a motion to quash this subpoena. But this options they say it rarely works. And in most cases it only works when your residence is not in court jurisdiction. 2. Ignore for now. And most likely you get some demand letter/ Threatening letter. Act at that time and reach out to attorney . But do not talk or contact plaintiff. 3. Fight the court case. But this option is too much for me. Being a immigrant with 2 dependents this will be very difficult path. 4. I am not US citizen, neither I have any assets/house here on my name. If some threatening letter or demand letter comes with some date after which they are planning for actually court case. For me the option is to Leave the country for 2 months , until this case gets dismissed. Because they only have doubt on my IP address. If the person with whose name this IP is associated is not in US , it is highly likely case will be Voluntarily dismissed. Please help or suggest what should be next step.  This is a civil case, not a criminal one. Stop with the bad advice. Strike 3 specifically does not want you to fight, they are trying to scare you in to settling. It will become public record what you are being sued for and they hope you don't want people seeing you have been downloading weird porn. Your only chance at not having to pay is to fight, at which point from what I have read, they usually get toseed as strike 3 cannot physically prove it was you that downloaded said porn. You need a lawyer. And what if I decide to FIGHT. Because in PACER.gov , I see that there are more than 300 cases in NJ and 90% are marked "Volutarily dismissed" Should I work with Attorney to make a counter case that they are filing so many suits and just settling outside and trying to scare people and get east money or low hanging fruits .Their intention is never to fight the strong defendant and actually do anything. Also most of the paperwork they have filed is cut copy paste from everywhere and it is similar in all cases. They do not do enough due diligence . Additionally when I read in internet I see some 2200 cases filed and mostly settled. What do you think about this. I know this is costly option but somebody has to be strong and counter this. 100% That is their one and only job is to pursue at copyright litigation. They will get a default judgement for you not showing and you will owe the money. But what are the chances that if i ignore all demand letter or any communication at all , still they will pursue case in court . Stop downloading porn. Strike 3 buys the rights to porn movies with the specific purpose to sue people that share it. That is their one and only goal. Sorry to put it out there. They are known to back off if you try and fight. Mainly they are trying to shame you in to paying a ridicilous fee to settle out of court.  It happened on your account so they will make the demand against you. You will probably get a settlement demand letter. I'd start saving up to pay it unless you intend to fight it. I would try talking to Comcast to see if you can pay penalty and get the case dropped. Remember if you fight in court, you will prolly lose because they already have records. Option 4 won't work. Just because you are not showing doesn't mean the case will be dropped. Even worse, if the court rules against you, it will be in record. You will have trouble finding the next job as companies always do background check. 