 Due to some unfortunate family drama I made the decision to temporarily end visits between my mother and my 2 year old son. My son and my mother did not see each other for About 4-5 months. About a month ago my husband texted my mother telling her she was welcome to come visit our son at our home, just let us know when. She refused. Yesterday i received a letter summoning me to court for grandparent rights and in her statement she says "I have attempted to have visitation with the minor child on such terms as may be acceptable to the respondents." Which, is clearly a lie. We still have the text my husband sent her for proof. We can't really afford a lawyer at this time and the court date is in 2 weeks. If we defend ourselves and prove that we have tried getting her to visit our son, will the judge end the case? Thanks in advance.  NY doesn't allow Parents to countersue for legal fees, even when the Parents win.  Get a lawyer. Use a credit card or take out a loan.. whatever you need to do. Failure to have good representation could mean 16 years of more legal fees. Once she gets an Order, she can take you back to court over and over, wanting more and more. Not to mention, she'd have control over your family's time and schedule, at least one day a month for 16 years, which is a significant intrusion when you consider how little time parents have outside of work. If you are in the 5 boroughs, Westchester, Orange, Rockland Counties, the chance the GP will at least get a token prize of 8 hours per month, is very high. Even married, fit parents have lost down there. If you are outside of that area, your chances of winning do increase, but it's still going to be a fight. Take this very seriously. Try this free NY family law legal help hotline:  [removed] That's not necessarily true. Since the parent is not refusing the grandparent access to the child, there is really no case for court-ordered visitation. The visitation the parent offered was in no way extraordinary or unreasonable. A court is unlikely to order visitation simply because a grandparent doesn't like some specifics. Family courts love to hold on to what is standard for their state. Grandparents' rights deviate from standard, and really only apply when there are odd circumstances, and even then there is often some kind of standard plan that is held up as reasonable. Often, grandparents who sue for access find out that what a judge considers reasonable access is not at all what they envisioned. I've heard of judges granting one day (no overnights) visit per quarter, for example. So you show the judge that you were okay with a visit. Even more of a reason for him/her to judge in favor of court-approved visits.  Yea, I figured as much. Yes. I planned on doing this. Thank you.  Don't defend yourself. Seriously. Pro se litigants overwhelmingly end up with unfavorable rulings. Check with your local bar association for inexpensive/free legal assistance. If that doesn't work, beg, borrow, and sell (don't steal) until you can afford an attorney. Family Law in Texas and Family Law in New York are complete night and day.  Make sure you have a printout of any text messages that you want to use, unless you want the court to take your phone as evidence. [removed] [removed] I'd get a lawyer, ASAP. Grandparents rights are generally limited, however NY may have quirky laws in this area. I practice in Texas and the answer would be pretty clear cut in this circumstance. You could safely tell your mother to pound sand in Texas. However, NY is different so I would contact an NY family lawyer about it. Good luck.  Mental and emotional abuse sounds like a great reason for a judge to not grant your mom her request.  Just did a quick google search. It is absolutely insane that it’s even possible for a grandparent to try to get visitation with a child if the parents are in an intact relationship and both don’t want the grandparent around. OP get a lawyer. Make sure your lawyer asks for legal fees to be awarded if possible. Have your lawyer tell her lawyer that since she is taking you to court she will get only what the court orders and never a bit more, ever. ~~If you have the means, and especially if you have a lot more money than your mother tell your lawyer you want to go hard and mean. Find a lawyer that will fuck up her life for dating to presume in this fashion~~. EDIT Missed that you can’t afford a lawyer. Make appointments with several attorneys, ask if they will take payments. File a written motion for a continuance to allow you to find a lawyer. There may be forms you can use on the courts website. If you truly can’t afford and can’t find a lawyer file a request for your mother to pay your attorney’s fees. There should be a provision for fee shifting between family law litigants with disparate financial resources. If my mother did this to me I would kick her ass in court and she would never see the child again. Literally.  I am only ok with her seeing my son at my house. The reason I cut contact is because my mother's fiance verbally attacked me while I was holding my son in front of their house, and all she did was walk away. She won't admit what happened and when i asked for an apology she said that will never happen. She is a narcassistic and regularly gaslights me and my husband. I do not want my son near her fiance at all, though i am willing to let her visit my son at my house. That is not good enough for her though. She wants it HER way and on HER terms.... What county in NY? You may qualify for free legal help. NY does have some grandparents rights but it doesnt looks like enough for them to typically interfer. The problem is two fold. Are you okay with her seeing your kid and why did you cease contact. NY bases decisions on pre-existing relationships between grandparent and child and also what is best for the child. IE if you stopped taking to her due to emotional/alcoholic abuse. If you are okay with seeing her yeah the texts trying to set up a visit should be fine however if she has a lawyer and you dont you could quickly be outmatched and things could not go the way you wanted. 