 Hello, I was charged with misdemeanor battery in the state of WI and am wondering if I need a lawyer to represent me as I hope it's an easy dismissal. However, I've never been to court before and do not understand the process. I'm meeting with a local lawyer to discuss it later this week. Background on the charge: I mentioned divorce to my wife of 4 years (2 kids, 2yo) and she freaked out. In an attempt (I believe) to start making a case for the kids she ran off to the police after an incident between the two of us got physical. It was the first times things with us have gotten physical and she was scared. The nature of her complaint is that I threw her against the wall. That is untrue and she has since retracted that portion of the statement. The truth is I forcibly pulled her hand off of the door as she was trying to enter our kids room and then I bear hugged her to move her down the hall and away from the room. She was freaking out and I didn't want that around the kids. She complained about irritation to her wrist but the officer who responded noticed no visible injuries. She waived the 72hr no contact clause and has been profusely apologetic and asked the DA to dismiss it but according to an attorney I talked to in the court the DA is a difficult woman to work with and there's no telling what she'll do. Thanks a bunch for your advice. Thanks for the reality check.  Yeah, I wouldn't go to court with that story on my own if I were you. You did, in fact put your hands on her. You want to get a lawyer.  If you're being charged with a crime and have no understanding of how the process works, then yes, the best advice is to retain a criminal defense attorney who can help navigate the process alongside you. Misdemeanor battery, assuming it's a class A misdemeanor, carries potential fines of up to $10,000 and/or potential jail time of up to 9 months. Whenever there's jail time on the line, a criminal defense attorney is always recommended. You have been charged with battery and your current defense is "I didn't commit that battery, only this one." Yes, you need an attorney. And to talk to no one but that attorney.