 Without getting too into detail, I work in construction and move around constantly. Most of these jobs pay per diem, if you are outside of \~30 miles from the job site, and this makes a substantial difference in payment. Until now, I've been using my parents' address in another state, but they just moved out of that address, and I'm now old enough that it makes sense to have a home address of my own. The problem is, I move around SO often, that it doesn't make sense to buy something substantial (like a house), and if I use where I rent, I would lose my per diem. I've been looking into buying a small plot of land in rural Texas that would qualify as out of range to still get per diem for pretty much every project in my company's foreseeable future. I have no experience with buying rural land though. From what I understand many of these places don't even get USPS mail service. What is the feasibility of buying a plot of land, and getting a driver's license, and establishing residency at a very rural property in Texas? Let's assume cash is not an issue, and all the initial costs can be absorbed. I have experience with the tax side of it. I clearly said I'm talking about the tax side of it. If you own property it rent it out while gone, then no, tax law says that's not your tax home.  As long as it is your legal residence, you go there regularly to visit, and it duplicates expenses. That did not sound like what you intended to do.  [deleted] This explains it some: =541697 Journal_ID=54016 Issue_ID=541678 For the IRS per diem, you have to be duplicating living expense. If you were living with someone else and don't pay rent while gone , or rent the place out while you are gone, it no longer qualifies as your tax home, so you don't qualify as being away from your tax home. Its only meant to make you whole from spending money you would otherwise not be spending if you were not working.  [deleted] That's better then, as it would be tax fraud otherwise, even claiming your parents residence in the past. If this is just with work, it's not as bad of an offense. It's still not technically correct as you do not live in Texas, but as least you aren't committing tax fraud.  When you start RESIDING there, it can be used as your residence. Whatever you had there on the lot would typically need to be an approved dwelling unit per the town. That might be a single-wife hooked up to utilities or, in sone towns an RV might qualify.  Is this per diem taxable? That changes what rules apply. Are you paying income tax on the amount?     You make it sound very much like you are committing fraud. 