 Hi, I live in Utah, have chronic anxiery and depression, attempted suicide in 2015. I made a request to have an ESA cat when i moved into my apartment, and i was approved with no issue. I got engaged to my fiance, and he has a dog that also helps me function daily. So I asked my leasing agent if he could move in, and obtained a valid esa letter from my mental health professional, and said we could provide documentation when my fiance was approved to move in. They asked if my dog would be an additional ESA in the home, or replace my cat. I explained it was the former, and they asked questions about breed and size, then didn't answer for a month. After a month of no answers, they said they denied him because he had no credit and "they would not have him move in for that reason". I said fine, but my dog has greatly helped me deal with life day to day, and my therapist agrees the presence of both animals is beneficial. So i request to have my dog move in anyway, and they request documentation. So i submit paperwork for my dog, and play the waiting game. After another month of no answers, i reach out for an update, and they question the integrity of my document because there was a clerical error that provided the incorrect date of birth, and only had my dog, not my cat (the note for my cat had a different doctor, due to me moving). I apologized for the error, explained why there were two doctors, and went to my therapist to update the letter with the correct information. I sent my leasing agent the updated letter with my corrected birthdate, and that listed both animals and my need for them. They acknowledged the reception of the document, and have not answered after another week. I know they dont want the dog here, its fairly obvious. And so far, it takes a month to reply, and even then, i have to initiate conversation. Under the FHA rules, landlords cannot "unreasonably delay" acceptance, but i dont have another month to wait for them to try and poke holes in my letter or whatever. According to my lease, having my dog on their property PRIOR to approval, is grounds for eviction. They won't let my fiance live here, and they won't let my dog live here. And I'm at wits end, and I've literally been crying every day. My fiance and dog have no where to go, because we didn't realize the landlord would be this way. To be honest my fiance does live here, just not on the lease, and so does the dog. I face possible eviction or breaking my lease just to keep my dog. And everything is stressful, but im not sure if i have any means to challenge an eviction. They take a month to respond. Is this unreasonable? They dont provide information on any delays or even apologize. What are my options?  They are already accommodating one ESA animal. They don’t necessarily have to accommodate both (depending on circumstances they can deem it unreasonable).  I am aware of that. But i am attempting to get approval for the dog to be here with my therapist, and they are not answering until I reach out. And i am not sure how long of then not responding qualifies as "unreasonably delaying" a request. I didnt realize until a few weeks ago that i am technically in violation, and i realize thats my fault. But i submitted paperwork before they moved in, not knowing the policy, and thinking I'd have a reply in a month. I do not blame them for me violating the agreement at this point, and that stresses me out. But they activly do not want the dog here, and we have no where else to go. I just need advice. They can require the note from the mental health professional say you need two ESAs, and that they each relieve some of your symptoms. There's no strict point at which it becomes unreasonable, you'd have to take them to court over it ----- Anyways, if they try to evict you for your dog, you still have a potential defense that it is an ESA. The fiance living there is probably the bigger issue as far as eviction goes Your landlord is under no obligation to allow your fiance(or his dog) to live there. If they are living there anyway, you are likely violating your lease agreement. 