 I'm curious to know what might cause a father lose custody. I have been on a few dates with this gentleman who claims he has lost custody of his 2 kids, 8 and 14, due to a suicide attempt. He pays child support and alimony. Even if that is true,can't he appeal it? Is there any way I can learn more about his situation? It's just doesn't make sense to me. I live in the US if that helps. Thanks so much! Uh , how sad  It's never easy on the kids to not see their parents. I'm in a long term relationship with a guy who has primary custody of his 2 daughters. There isn't a day that goes by where at least one of them comes to me saying they miss mom.  Lol As I'm typing and reflecting I'm thinking the same 🤔 Good lord, there are plenty of reasons to say "pass" on this guy, his legal issues are the least of them! Honesty is the best. Thank you! True. I'm not sure why I feel obligated. There are things about him that I really like. I guess I'm trying to weigh the cons and pros on more of a fact-based basis. I am ok with his attempted suicide, what I'm not ok is that he doesn't seem to want to fight for his kids and that I don't see him committed to any sort of healing program. There are also other things that make me wonder. Like the fact that he has no friends. That he says he has a diagnosis of bipolar but doesn't want to get help or medication for it. He's adventurous, ambitious, kind and attentive. However, I'm wondering if these are short term gratifications or this relationship has a long term potential despite his issues. I do have my own issues but I'm committed to improving myself. Now I'm rambling!! :) Thank you  Or even if you think he is being honest, its perfectly reasonable to say to yourself (and him) "I don't like that answer and no longer want to date a person who thinks/behaves this way."  's a sore issue for him and makes him very emotional, at least it appears that way. Yeah, attempting suicide would be a difficult subject to talk about much less also being ashamed that you lost children because of it too.  Why do you owe him a chance at anything? You've been on some dates. There's no need to convince yourself to keep seeing him if you are feeling like he's not being honest with you.  Thank you for explaining to me what an appeal is and the court process. I appreciate it. I definitely agree with you on custody battles. I guess I'd be more confident with him if he was more open to talk about it. I also understand/feel it's a sore issue for him and makes him very emotional, at least it appears that way. Thank you  He did tell me at one point that he has visitation rights but has chosen not to see the kids as it's easier on them. Although I don't agree with his statement, I decided to stay open and not too judgmental. However, as you mentioned it just doesn't sound right to me. I guess I have a hard time discerning my gut feelings from being fair and giving him a chance. Thank you! There are plenty of ways one can lose custody of children. There are also lots of people who say "lost custody" when they mean that the other parent has primary custody and they have visitation, or when they didn't ask for custody in a divorce. But really, something in your gut is telling you that you can't trust this guy, and a few dates is a pretty minor time investment to find out someone isn't right for you.  Yes, he could lose custody because of a suicide attempt. The law presumes that a parent is fit to take care of their children. If a person is in such a bad place mentally that they've attempted suicide, they are probably not fit to take care of their children at that particular. That doesn't necessarily mean that won't ever be fit again though. Depression is treatable. If the court feels like the parent's mental health has improved to the point that they can provide a caring and stable environment for the children, he can regain custody or visitation of his children. There's no need to appeal a custody decision. An appeal is done when there is a mistake in law or fact that made within the basis of the court's decision. You do an appeal with the court got something wrong. Appeals have strict rules and take a long time. Custody is never a final decision. It is always something that can be brought before the court again. He's not necessarily arguing that court got something wrong, he can argue that the situation has changed. All that requires is setting a new hearing and presenting the case. That has much less rigid rules and only requires an open court docket and requisite amount of notice. Good people lose custody of their children everyday. Bad people lose custody of their children everyday. Some good people never lose custody of their children. Some bad people never lose custody of their children when they should. This isn't necessarily the litmus test you need to base your relationship on.  Only if one of the parties (the divorcing husband or wife) requests a mental health professional provide their professional judgement, or if the judge calls upon a mental health professional for their expertise. Short answer- no, a mental health professional would not automatically be consulted as part of the custody process. Listen to your gut, I would almost guarantee you aren't getting the full story.  Thank you. I assume in these cases a mental health professional is used to assess the situation before final court decision, is that tight? That's how I feel. Thank you! That's how I feel. Is there a way I can learn more? I looked up public case reports and it's only information regarding the settlement and divorce, nothing about custody.  Sure, a suicide attempt could absolutely make him look like an unfit parent to a family law judge. If he wants to gain partial/sole custody of his children back, the best advice you can give him is to hire a family law attorney. You can't really learn more about his situation without contacting the custodial parent and fact checking. That said, obviously your gut is telling you "Something is wrong!" a few dates in, and even if he's 100% telling the truth you should meet other people. I think he's not telling you the whole story.