 He has been living here with us at my mom's house for over a year. Today she think she is ready to kick him out of her life, but I am worried about the formality of actually having him leave? We all live in Ohio. If it helps, he has a place to go back to, his dads house. So he doesn't need to house search or anything. Awesome, thanks! If he left voluntarily and the landlord agreed to waive the required 30 days notice that he’s required to give, then all is well. Thank you! My mom updated me, apparently he got his stuff and left quietly. I doubt he will push the issue this way, keeping him away from my sister will be a different issue. Thanks for the detailed comment! [removed]  . So he doesn't need to house search or anything. In terms of landlord-tenant law, this is irrelevant. He's a tenant and has certain protections under the law. He's entitled to written 30 day notice to vacate, and if he fails to leave at the end of that 30 days, then his landlord (mom? ex/girlfriend?) would need to file for a formal eviction with the courts. She can also opt to pay him to leave earlier ("cash for keys") if she wants to attempt to shorten that amount of time. Your sister can attempt to obtain a restraining order, and the court might require him to leave without a formal eviction. Your sister should gather evidence of the abuse, and it would help if she can make it a case that there is imminent threat of harm If he is abusive, you could file a police report and press charges. Then you dont need to do a formal eviction (and if you do- he will be in jail that time) No, he would be considered a tenant, and a proper eviction should be followed. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.