 A close friend tried to commit to suicide and failed. He is an adult (late twenties) residing in Florida US. He has asked me to figure out if he can be legally be forced into a mental help institution for this and if so under what conditions. He was not under any illegal drugs and he doesn't drink alcohol nor he smokes.  As someone who was put in a place like that as a minor it will probably do more harm than good. They tend to treat you like an animal or a criminal in those places. Being somewhere against your will can do more harm than good. Involuntarily commitment also goes on your record and has been known to affect jobs. I can’t imagine any judge giving guardianship over a single suicide attempt, or even multiple ones. They may 5150 him, but they aren’t going to get guardianship of him unless he is completely long term incapacitated with a diagnosis of something. If this happens to be about you, please don’t give up &lt;3  thank you for the information.  Is this true for adults though? Does an adult have an appointed guardian?  Yes. They could file for guardianship over him and then they would be able to control his medical care and living situation. This is a long process though, and he will have plenty of opportunity to fight it. He can also ask that someone else be appointed guardian. The Florida Mental Health Act of 1971 (Florida Statute 394.451-394.47891 [2009 rev.]), commonly known as the "Baker Act," allows the involuntary institutionalization and examination of an individual. ... It can be initiated by judges, law enforcement officials, physicians, or mental health professionals Okay. I’m going to start by saying that your friend needs professional help. It does not matter what he tries to convince you of. And I hate to say it like this but if you love your friend and care about him, you will not interfere with his rehabilitation. I realize this is delicate and you are probably very concerned. I am definitely not a professional in any manner, so it looks like he can potentially be taken to a facility for examination and/or treatment. I would not relay this information because it could potentially freak him out if he is a flight risk. Your friend needs help and not the kind of help he can give himself or get from you or other loved ones. I have tried to commit suicide myself multiple times and if I had not been admitted, I would not exist at this point. I am not trying to assume anything. Rather, I am trying to speak proactively. But please, please allow his parents to help get him to where he needs to be. Their parents. This happened today and their parents left to get the process started they said.  Who or what do you think would be forcing them to go?