 My sister-in-law worked at a dentist's office for several years. During that time, I had a couple crowns taken care of there. She would always bill the insurance but not bill me anything (or very little). The dentist was aware and ok with this. My sister-in-law got fired a few months ago and now other members of my family have received bills for work done that was written off. I'm checking some of my explanation-of-benefits and they say this: 'S CHARGE and the ALLOWANCE for this service. I'm worried not only about the money I'm potentially going to have to pay but also the potential hit on my credit if it goes to collections. We never received a bill for any of this. How does this work? We live near Philadelphia, PA if that matters. Thanks for the advice. Call the dentists office and set up a time to go over the account. They should have copies of all the EOBs (or can easily obtain them) and can explain why they’re billing you. I can’t help but to wonder if she billed your insurance and had you pay the lab fee while writing off the difference as a PPO adjustment (if they were in network) and family discount, or all as a PPO which wouldn’t match the EOB. If she was not authorized to do so and it was caught in an audit the office may be trying to recoup the loss. Either way it would be prudent to talk to them ASAP for clarification.  This is based off of what my SIL told me. I know for sure that the hygenist knew and have been told the dentist was ok with it. Regarding the EOB, that's kinda what I expected too. Thanks for the response. If I owe it, I owe it. I just wish he had sent a bill instead of going straight to collections.  How sure are you that the dentist was ok with this? Even if she was, many insurance contracts state that the provider will bill the patient the amount between the allowable and paid amount. It’s possible your sister in law and the dentist violated the contract by performing services for the paid amount and this was caught by a diligent staff member. Call and make a payment plan. You aren’t legality entitled to a discount unless it was agreed to in writing.  How do you know the dentist was aware and ok with not billing you for your portion? Technically speaking, not billing you for your copay is a breach of the insurance contract and it is money that you certainly owe. Perhaps they were not aware you weren't being billed for it...? Also, what you posted from the insurance info probably isn't relevant as that is describing being charged above and beyond your insurance's payment and your copay (this is called balance billing and is only allowed if the dentist is out-of-network).  I haven't yet, my family just got stuff in the mail about it yesterday, I assume I'll get something today. I'll give them a call once I have that in front of me.  Have you asked your dentist for the invoices? Unfortunately no and I understand that hurts my case. She would just tell me "you're good" at the end of every visit.  Do you have copies of your invoice from the dentist's office? The EOB isn't a binding document between you and the dentist, since it just reflects the truth as far as your insurance knows.