 Looking for some clarification here. I'm fairly sure that I know the answer to this, but wondering if there has been some weird rule change. My ex-wife and I divorced over 10 years ago. Part of the divorce decree in addition to paying child support was for me to keep the children on my insurance - I have no problems with that at all. It's worked just fine for the past 10 years or so. While I have moved to a different state for work, I still talk to my children regularly and see them several times a year for a few weeks at a time. This is just for context. There's no bad blood with my ex or anything and our children are in their mid-teens at this point. About a month ago I received a bill from the hospital in my hometown where they still reside. It only had my name on it, so I wasn't sure what it's about since I haven't been to this hospital since 2006. When I called to see what the deal was, I was told it was for my son. I said that I hadn't brought him in for treatment, so not sure why they were sending me this bill. The rep informed me that it was because I am the insurance subscriber, so I'm being sent any uncovered charges. In ten years, it has never worked this way. I cover the insurance and whoever takes the kids in to be seen covers the copay/deductible. Mind you, the bill isn't large or anything. It's under $50. I'm just trying to understand why it's being sent to me, rather than the parent who brought him in for treatment and signed for services. To my knowledge, there are no legal responsibilities for me to cover charges that are not covered by insurance, just because my insurance was used during the services. Can anyone clarify? I'm pretty well-versed in the credit world and I know for sure that they won't be able to send it to collections without having a signature of my accepting responsibility for service and charges. Or at least, if they try, a simple dispute for validation will get it promptly removed. Like I said, this is a new thing that has just happened for the first time in over ten years. It seems to me like their billing department screwed something up. My daughter has Crohn's and gets treatment every 6 weeks which costs several thousand dollars each time for the past 6 years. Never had any issues here.  This is not really a legal issue but an insurance one. When discussing the treatment of minors, the financial responsibility is NOT automatically awarded to whomever brings the child in. Let's start with a couple of important terms: Subscriber - insurance policyholder, and often provides financial support. This person may or may not have custody of the child in any way, but may still retain financial responsibility based on their insurance policy contract. Guarantor - person who is legally personally and financially responsible for the child and its wellbeing. This person generally has custody, but doesn't always have to. It literally does not matter who brings the kid in. Could be a teacher, could be the kid's friend, could be the other parent. In this case, you were sent the bill because you are listed as the subscriber. Because your ex has primary custody, you can argue that she is the Guarantor, and you are only the policyholder. However, if financial responsibility is not explicitly outlined in the custody agreement, you may be on the hook for this. A family attorney would need to weigh in for specifics on that. I would recommend contacting your ex and doing your best to work out an arrangement between the two of you. If that is not an option, or if no decision is reached, you should prepare for the possibility that this one is on you. There have been a few times I've gone to a doctor and they tell me I'm covered but months later a bill shows up. It turns out it took awhile for my insurance to get it figured out. And when I was still on my parent's insurance they would be the ones who were billed for my visits. So maybe it's something like that? Have you asked your Ex? Usually, the medical provider asks who is the responsible party, which is not necessarily the parent providing insurance. What does your decree say about copays? That would be the governing document.