  Ok so I need some advise, in November of 2015 my mother ended up putting a car in her name for me because the dealership couldn't get me financed through the bank. The agreement that we had was that, if she put her name on the car I had to pay for it and take her to and from work, which was all a verbal agreement nothing was in writing. The whole time that I had the car she would change the terms of the agreement by adding new things in such as I wasn't allowed to give anyone any rides especially my boyfriend or she would take the car back. She even started to call me at the last minute to take her places which was a problem because I worked full-time and she would have a problem if I told her no I can't take you. So by April of 2016 she asked me to drive her and my brother to take his state exams for a whole week, but by the third day I could take them but told her that I had another appointment I wouldnt be able to pick them up they would have to get on the bus. She started an argument with me about if I didn't take her there and drop her off back home she wanted the keys to her car back. So after I dropped them off I ended up cancelling my appointment which was to sign the lease for my new apartment, and I waited there took her home and gave her the keys to the car and told her that she can take the keys to her car since she kept threatening me. She asked me if I had already made the payment on the car for that month which I did and also the insurance was paid. After she took the car from me the bank repossessed the car 3 months later in July because she wasn't paying the car note. Now she's threatening to take me to court because her wages are being garnished, and she feels that I'm responsible for them taking the car from her. My question is can she sue me for this because I put all the money into this car, the down payment and I was making all the payments on the car every month including the insurance. I did everything until she told me to give her the keys back, because I didn't want her to call and report the car stolen. Please help sorry I wrote so much but this is my dilemma.  She can try to sue you, yes, but her chances of winning are super low. The car was always hers, legally - that's what being on the title means. Effectively you were paying for her car, and in return she was letting you use it. Eventually you mutually decided to end that arrangement - you couldn't deal with her conditions, and she voluntarily accepted the car back. From that point on, you had no obligation to continue paying it. NAL but Cars in her name it's her responsibility