 My workplace closed/relocated earlier this year and I was part of the move. I own property where the plant was located and am only renting in the new state. My paycheck now reflects the new state along with taxes for said state. I have not changed any documents over myself regarding living in a different state (license, car insurance, etc). I still own the property in the original state, the car is under someone else's name and insured in that state. What am I looking at for the tax season and can I get in trouble for still claiming everything in the original state?  Is this a short term job? Do you intend to return to Florida permanently? Are you returning to Florida soon? If all of these are true you potentially have an argument that you are a non-resident of CT. But, you need to see what CT's rules determining residency are. In either case, you will pay state income tax to CT - the question is whether it is as a resident or non-resident. I'll check in that sub. As mentioned to the other comment, my paycheck is currently pulling CT taxes. My main concern is how my house is handled in FL along with filing, etc. The new state in this case is CT with the old being FL. My current paycheck is pulling CT taxes (state and federal) so on that side I should be covered well. My issue becomes my home in FL and whether I can still file as resident there with CT taxes. As the other user mentioned this might be more geared towards the tax sub instead of this one so I'll check with them too. I'm honestly not trying to commit fraud or evade any sort of issues, just wondering if me doing the minimum is going to cause any problems down the road. /r/tax You need to look up if the two states have reciprocity deal. If not, the way it works is you pay income tax in the state you work. Then you get a credit where the state you live and pay any excess tax to the home state (plus any taxes on interest, capital gains, etc) Other hiccup is to determine if you live in the old state or not.  It depends on the particular states involved, but in general you pay taxes in the locale where you were paid the money. If you try to pass off all the money as having been earned in the original state, if that's not actually true then that's tax fraud and you could get in a great deal of trouble.