 Long story. Got a seatbelt ticket back in the summer. Went to mail in the payment and didn’t realize you can’t send a personal check. By the time I got my check mailed back to me it was late. We paid it immediately online. Then we receive a paper in the mail saying we need to go to the dmv and we could possibly have to pay $100 to dmv. But the paper was a receipt proving the seatbelt ticket had been paid. Immediately went to the dmv. Took that paper. The lady at the dmv said that in the computer my license was NOT suspended. She said to hold on to that paper because everything looks fine but we might have some issues in the future so just hold on to that paper. Now fast forward about a month. I’m driving with my fiancé and roommate. We are heading to go get some food after a long day of working. Got pulled over. The cop was behind me. She said that I was pulled because my right signal was flashing quickly which means it’s about to go out. And my third brake light was out. She and two other officers pulled all three of us out of the car before telling us what was going on. Asked if we had narcotics, marijuana, meth, or heroine. We laughed and told her no she could search if she wanted. With all three of us positioned in front of the hood of her car she circled our car 3 times with the k9. Eventually let us get back in the car. She took my license and wrote me a ticket for $652.50. We asked if we had to pay the ticket before getting a license. She yelled at me to just go to the dmv and get it figured out. Well I just talked to the dmv and they are saying the ticket must be paid first. Is there anything that can be done? The officer was extremely rude. She seemed mad she didn’t find drugs. But aside from her being insanely rude...do we have to pay the $652? My fiancé and I both lost our jobs last week so we just aren’t sure what to do here. Court date is January 10th. Get the delinquent seatbelt ticket taken care of ASAP, save proof of and date of payment, go to the court date on your ticket for the suspended license ticket and POLITELY explain to the judge what happened regarding the miscommunication over the seatbelt ticket, provide documentation that you made good on that ticket. It's very likely that ticket (or the portion of it that deals with driving on a suspended license) will be reduced to its minimum fine and be reduced to 0 points. While officers being jerks isn't great, bringing this up to the judge isn't going to get you anywhere and will probably hurt your chances.  Set a court date and explain to the judge what happened. That will take the power out of the police's hands.