 We have no idea what to do, that money was going to get her through next semester, please help. Former maintenance technician here. The property manager is required to keep logs of all maintenance done on the property, including which units the work is done in. If that maintenance technician entered that unit,and performed or even checked for any adjustments or repairs, it should be in a log or work order. She should be able to request a copy of that log for that unit, from the management. Your friend needs to be 100% certain, no other person had access or entry into her unit, except that technician. She may be called to prove in some manner, she had that much cash in her unit as well. As it was a substantial amount of cash, that is to be expected. Now, this is important. All communication with the manager/management NEEDS TO BE IN WRITING. Email is great, but certified letters will work as well. Your friend will need a trail of communication between her and the manager. Your friend should explain that she is willing to give the manager a chance to address the situation, but the next step is police involvement. If there is a management company, don't be shy about escalating to them about the situation, if the manager gives her the run around. Expect that manager will not admit to any likelyhood of the technician stealing anything. They are taught and expected to stick up for one another. It will be questioned that someone else had access to the unit and was responsible for the theft instead. Even police will question that as being a possibility. Bring the copy of the work log, to the police and file a theft report. Let police know she notified the property manager of the situation. I also suggest your friend quietly asks her neighbors, if they had anything cash-wise go missing within that time frame.  What notice was your friend given for entry?  Most renters insurance only covers a small amount of cash - usually only a few hundred dollars, an amount that would be reasonable to have on hand. High-risk activities like keeping $1600 in cash lying around wouldn’t be covered. Also, if you have renter's insurance, consider making a claim. Most renter's insurance covers theft [removed] How much notice m was given for entry Contact the police and they can investigate. You can also complain to the landlord. This mainly will serve as a record of the problem,,since without evidence that the money was there and of who took it, it will be hard to do much. You might want to add cameras to your home for security. It is a very bad idea to keep cash around like that when you do not have complete control over who accesses your home. Unfortunately, when you rent, other people have access to your home.  Calling the police and notifying the complex is all you have. You can present your suspicion that the maintenance man did it, but you have no real evidence of that.  without proof such as video or any other concrete evidence, its going to be a he said vs she said battle. You can try to contact the authorities to create the police report and get a paper trail going and let them investigate, but also talk to the complex management and let them know your story and see what video if any they can provide. 