 I have never been in a situation like this and am at a total loss as to what my next steps should be to resolve this. Background: Chicago IL. A couple weeks ago, I was crossing a street on the crosswalk, as a pickup truck that was turning left onto my street attempted to avoid oncoming traffic did not see me and hit me before I reached the end of the crosswalk. Driver of the car (\~19, F) came out, freaked out next to me, called the police, ambulance arrived, and she left before the police showed up. The police report says it was a hit and run because she did not wait for them to arrive, and left as soon as the ambulance got me. Another pedestrian saw her hit me, called in her plate number, and gave a description of the driver. The police report has the vehicle owner's information (owner of vehicle (M), aka not the girl that hit me, the address, phone number, plates, insurance: not insured). My ambulance + ER bill hit my insurance, and it's near 3k. I did not suffer any broken bones, just a skinned elbow (which they xrayed because it was the most painful part), and a lot of aching and bruising after, including extreme pain in neck muscles, making it near impossible to get up from a laying position without wincing or turning my head left or right for a week. I am hoping to have her pay for this, so I can ammend this charge to my insurance. I called the Major Accident department because it's been a few weeks and I haven't heard from anyone, and they told me they haven't even "assigned anyone" to the case yet, but will assign someone today (this was yesterday). I am not sure what this means. My questions: \-Do I get a lawyer? Is this somethng the Major Accidents department handles with this person they are going to "assign" to my case? \- Since this is a clear cut hit and run, doesn't the city/police take care of this? \- Will this person that will be "assigned to the case" let me know what I need to do, because so far, all I've heard from them is "We cannot give any legal advice" and I am not sure what to do. I don't want to rip off the girl that hit me (or the owner of the vehicle she was driving), I just want to be compensated for the hospital bill. I have no idea if I have to pay a lawyer to take care of this, whether a public defendant can take this on, or what to do next. Any help would be so appreciated, thank you in advance.  PIP covers you if you are injured as a pedestrian. UMBI may also apply, per policy contract. Though, the vehicle is not unknown. OPs auto insurance may assist in finding who insured the vehicle. They cannot file a BI claim on her behalf after finding who insures it, but once the adverse carrier denies coverage (I’m assuming they will unless the owner provides the drivers information and the driver admits to it, which if she fled I doubt she will) OP can become eligible for UMBI once receiving the denial.  Thank you for sharing this - this is helpful. Appreciate it.  Thank you, this is very helpful. You may want to contact the IL Crime Victim's Compensation Program. Below is a link with the relevant contact information: http://www.ag.state.il.us/victims/cvc.html Additionally, the PDF at this link has a good listing of what you must to do be eligible. Filing a police report was an important first step: You should be able to handle this on your own, as they have victim's advocates that can help you take the appropriate steps. Good luck and sorry that happened to you.   . Even though you weren't driving, you may be covered. There is literally zero chance that OP will be covered by auto insurance for being hit as a pedestrian.  Health insurance doesn't work the way car insurance does. It's going to remain on your insurance regardless, and your health insurance is why that charge was $3k and not $10k or more. Health insurance companies negotiate steep discounts with hospitals. You can get a lawyer if you want once the driver is identified, but because your damages are low, you may have trouble finding one. Thanks for your answers. I had medical insurance, out of pocket was $75, but I prefer this charge (\~3k) to not remain on my insurance, because then my rates will go up. I am hoping to appeal the charges to my insurance and clear the claim and have her pay for it, if that's possible. Did not miss work or school.  The city / police will take care of investigating and prosecuting the driver for breaking the law. That doesn't have anything to do with getting you compensation, but if they can determine who was driving the car it could be helpful for you being able to sue. You should contact your own auto insurance company if you have auto insurance. Even though you weren't driving, you may be covered. If you do want to sue the driver / car owner, be sure to coordinate with both your health insurance and with your auto insurance if you get paid on any claim by them. You might talk to a personal injury lawyer about your case, they will often take cases on contingency.   You had medical insurance? How much are your out-of-pocket medical bills? How much work/school did you miss? "assign" to my case? No, it is not. 't the city/police take care of this? They take care of criminal charges, if they can find her. They don't deal with your injuries. "assigned to the case" let me know what I need to do, because so far, all I've heard from them is "We cannot give any legal advice" and I am not sure what to do. Do with respect to what? The police will charge her if they find her and have evidence to connect her to the crime. They cannot help you with your injuries or bills. Presumably, if she is arrested, you will be able to get her name. 