 My ex-husband is a drug addict and I currently have full legal and physical custody of our son. During our divorce and custody proceedings, he was ordered to take a drug test, which he failed. The judge ordered that his visitations with our son be supervised by his parents. We also agreed to a series of sobriety milestones, which would allow him to have unsupervised parenting time, and eventually, overnight visitation, etc. He did not get clean, did not meet any of the milestones, and rather proceeded to spiral even further into his addiction. He would regularly flake on his visitation, either cancel at the last minute, or show up hours late with a range of excuses that became more extreme and ridiculous over time. As his addiction worsened, his actions and behavior became more and more concerning. When he did show up for visitation, there were several times I could tell he was strung out and hadn’t slept probably for several days. He started being less and less cooperative about his visitation, sometimes refusing to tell me where they would be and who would be supervising. I suspected (and now know) that he was often lying about his parents being present the entire time. He was regularly sending me threatening and abusive text messages and altogether appearing to be completely out of control. Around this time he also started getting arrested for things like felony drug possession, domestic assault on a female drug user he was letting stay with him, etc. I hired a new lawyer who urged me to have his visitations completely eliminated for the time being. We requested and were granted an emergency order, which gave me temporary full legal custody (originally I had full physically custody but we shared legal custody) and also stated that any contact or visitation would be at my discretion. When this was first put into place, he did a lot of harassing and bullying through texts, I didn’t respond, and eventually he stopped. After a few months with the emergency order in place, we filed for a permanent order stating the same (full legal custody and no visitation). He refused service and made no attempts to participate in the legal process. He was in a lot of trouble with criminal charges at the time and had a private attorney representing him on those cases, for what it’s worth. We eventually had to post a notice in the newspaper and after he still didn’t respond, i was granted the permanent custody order by default. We never heard from him again. Until...his lifestyle caught up with him and he ended up in jail for a few months. While he was in jail, he contacted me several times, presumably now sober, apologizing and expressing a strong desire to be a part of our sons life again when he can. I kept the conversation general and vague and didn’t agree to anything. He’s been out of jail for about 4 months and in that time, I haven’t heard a word from him. I’ve had very limited contact with his parents but I do try to facilitate a relationship between them and my son when possible. They’ll go months at a time without contacting me and have not attempted to provide any real support to me or my son. Recently his dad has started contacting me and asking me to consider allowing my ex to see our son for Christmas. He tried to assure me that my ex is clean now and is passing all of his probation requirements and working full time, and he asked me “what would (Ex) need to do in order for you to let him see (son)?” I told him he would need to formally pursue visitation through the court and it’s not something I can agree to or try to manage between us. That was a few days ago and I haven’t heard from him again. My son hasn’t had any contact with his dad in almost 2 years, but he does talk about him sometimes and I know he thinks about him and misses him. He has a huge support system in me and my family and we’ve rallied around him to try to help him understand all this as best as possible. Overall he’s a very well adapted kid, has had counseling, does great in school, plays sports, and we have a very stable, nice life. I’m in a relationship with a wonderful man who has also become a wonderful father figure to my son. We live together as a family and he is fully involved in every aspect from doctors appointments to soccer games, etc. We are not married but we have discussed the possibility of him adopting my son at some point. I know there’s a lot going on here so my questions are as follows: Is there anything we should be doing or not doing right now, regarding the potential that my Ex is going to formally pursue visitation in the near future? If my Ex really is “sober” since getting out of jail, making his probation requirements, and working, what are his chances of getting a judge to grant some kind of visitation? Should my boyfriend and I consider getting married so the two of us would jointly have legal custody together? Would that help at all? Ex is supposed to pay child support and provide health insurance, which he has failed to do. He is currently about $10,000 behind in support and I pay for our sons insurance out of pocket. I’ve decided not to seek recovery services for a variety of reasons: I’m able to support my son independently and don’t want/need anything from him. Also, was told by someone that if I ever want to try to have his rights terminated (for adoption or other), it will be easier to do if I can show that he hasn’t provided financial support. However, I sometimes feel like I’m letting him off too easy and should have the state go after some support on behalf of my son. Is there any truth to that? Thank you!  This is what all moms fear, and that is the reason I pursued termination. You actually have a well-documented case through the court system of abandonment. However, the courts also love to see people who have been rehabilitated through the court system. There is a very good chance that they will see where he was, see his improvement, and lean his way. The best advice that you can get is to seek a lawyer immediately to discuss the case with. Good to hear, I hope everything works out. Yes, we have all that covered with the school, his medical providers, after school and summer care providers, etc. All have a copy of our custody order and forms I’ve filled out restricting contact with his biological father and allowing him to only be released to myself, my boyfriend, or my parents. I also have a media restriction in place with his school and child care which means they can’t post any photos of him on social or any other publicly accessible media. I also have a will in place requesting that my sons care and custody be granted to my sister if something ever happens to me. Thank you for replying!  Thank you. I don’t know how parental abandonment would be legally defined but not paying child support and not showing up or participating in custody hearings and making no other real attempts to be able to have contact with our son for going on 2 years now seems like abandonment to me. I am financially stable and have been the sole provider for my son since our divorce several years ago. I have a good job, own a home, etc. Would support make things easier? Sure, but I can also manage without. I’m sorry you’ve also had to deal with this. Terminating rights is a really difficult decision to make. My greatest fear is not that he will actually get his life together and get back some kind of visitation or custody. My biggest fear is that he’ll do that and then fall off again, and that would be extremely hard on my son and would negate all the progress we’ve made with his emotional well-being. We have a happy, stable home life and it’s also hard not ever knowing when my ex is going to surface again on us and to what degree. Thanks again!  Make sure that you notify your sons school that he is only to be released to you or your boyfriend. Thanks for your reply. I have had a lawyer throughout all of this but it’s expensive and thought I could avoid having to continue paying her for advice here and there by getting some other input. As far as the child support goes, it was my lawyer who told me it’s my own personal choice whether I pursue support recover and that also if I ever do want to have parental rights terminated, the judge will look at any kind of financial support the other parent has been providing and may take that into consideration. This wasn’t like, a random lady at the bus stop or anything. Thanks again for your reply.  The only way you would be able to terminate rights is if you can show that he has abandoned your son, or if you can get him to agree to do so. Even then, you would have to prove to the judge that you are financially stable and that you would be capable of caring for your son. Once rights are terminated, he is no longer responsible for child support or medical costs. I terminated rights for my sons father, the process was complicated but it was well worth it.   Your boyfriend being your husband would not give him any sort of custody. YOU as the child's parent have custody. No, getting married won't help. That isn't true either. You should hire a lawyer to review the facts of the case and assist you with the court proceedings. Stop taking advice from people that have no idea what they are talking about. 