 So I was on the farthest left lane of the freeway. This guy was tailgating me hard, probably in a hurry. So I change lanes FIRST to the right to avoid anything and he happens to change at the same time and prcoceeds to slam on his pedal, speeding up to not letting me in. Almost hit him, as I was already in the lane first. I was pretty pissed so I honked at him and tried to catch up to him a little. He then brake checks me super hard. Had to swerve to left shoulder to avoid any collision. I then did it back to him (not as hard) and he then whips out his phone to record me AFTER the brake. I eventually start waving him off to pull over so we can “talk” about it. We exited but he’s still recording. I pull up to the nearest gas station so we can hash it out but he drove off. Looks like he was trying to make a call. Should I be worried? I also forgot to mention that I have a dash cam that recorded everything but only in my front view. There was no collision whatsoever.  You should be worried that your see no problem in participating in road rage while you have a dashcam recording you. Even without one, you should always assume that other motorists do have one. I have one, and if I capture a crash on video I am definitely stopping and handing that video over, especially if the crash was caused by this type of stupidity.  He is right, him reporting you to his insurance will probably get a solid "sir we can't control other drivers actions we only pay for them" If there was no damage and no collision, what is there to report? Yeah you’re right about the first part haha. Thanks for the reassurance. You should both be worried because you were both being idiots, but chances are nothing will come of this. Yeah you are right. I should’ve let it go. I was just worried if he reported me to his insurance. No? Why would you be worried if he did it to you also, moreover you should worry for your safety and not do such reckless and idiotic things. People can and sometimes do escalate road rage situations and I doubt you want to be the victim of a bat to the window or a gun pulled on you for exacting revenge, legally do not brake check someone else even if they did it to you. 