 I’m an 18yo college student home on break, and was arrested last night for possession of thc oil. Events leading to arrest: Friend picked me up and we were on our way to a party. It was in a sketchy part of town. Party got cancelled so we left. Suddenly, red and blue lights turn on behind us. Cop asks my friend what we were doing there and we told him we were going to a party but it got cancelled. Officer says “so what were you really doing there? Trying to buy something? Be honest” Friend denies and the officer takes our ids and goes back into his car. After what felt like forever, two more units showed up and they told my friend to get out. He owned up to having edibles in the car, and I watched him get cuffed. They pulled me out and were about to put me down and asked if I hand anything illegal on my person. I figured I was out of luck, and handed over my thc vape pen, which had maybe 1/4 gram left. We were later booked and both charged with N.J.S.A. 2C:35-10(a)(4), which is simple possession under 50 grams. The cops were lenient and weren’t out to get us. There was an older cop with an axe to grind that tried to get the arresting officers to charge us with combined possession and being near a school, but they said they aren’t trying to nail us for something like this, as marijuana is on the fast track to legalization. Telling my parents isn’t an ideal option, as they would lose their minds and take me out of my university or something crazy. As a first time offender, who is an active Eagle Scout in his community, who had family in all branches of law enforcement, and was honest and showed remorse, what could I be looking at here. 1. What are the chances the case gets thrown out the window entirely due to many possession cases in jersey being pushed off until legalization or dropped entirely? 2. Should I speak with the prosecutor to see what he wants out of the case? 3. What are the chances of just receiving a fine and nothing on my record? 4. If all else fails, would I be eligible for conditional discharge? Thanks for reading, and any advice would be a great help. TLDR: Friend pulled over. Got searched and found with 1/4 gram of thc distillate in a vape pen. Charged with N.J.S.A. 2C:35-10(a)(4).  How'd it go?  Court is next Monday. Will update post then It's really unfortunate that law enforcement is still charging individuals with 2C:35-10(a)(4). I hope it all worked out for you. Any updates?  Jail time is virtually impossible unless he walks into court wearing a hemp suit with pot leaf embroidery, carrying a boom box playing Cypress Hill jams.  1. Low. Don't count on this. 2. HELL NO 3. A fine/probation are likely, jail less likely. Work on this through your lawyer. 4. Work with your lawyer on this. Had almost the exact same thing happen in NJ as well. You’re parents are likely going to find out as lawyers will begin to send letters to your home asking if you would like to be represented (at least that’s what happened in my case). Wouldn’t bank on your case being dropped just cause legalization is on its way as that’s still iffy and being pushed. If it’s your first time and you have no problems with the law, you will more likely than not get conditional discharge  You need to get a defense attorney ASAP. Decided to hire a private attorney. Thanks for the reply. I decided to tell my father, and we are going to lawyer up. Thank you for the response.