 Hi everyone. We are in Texas and I am currently sitting in the waiting room of the psychiatric hospital that my boyfriend has been at for 3 days. We arrived morning of dec 26th because he had a panic attack and has extreme OCD. We came here because we felt the ER wouldn’t be helpful and couldn’t find immediate psychiatric/psychological help due to it being the day after Christmas. They told us they would sit down with him for a 90-minute “free consultation” and from there, he could choose to do in-patient, out-patient, or they would refer us to a therapist nearby. They brought us into a locked-from-the-outside room for the consultation and had us wait in there for 1.5 hours before someone came in to talk. He told them what was going on: ocd (intrusive thoughts) and panic attacks. That we were here because he doesn’t know where to start with getting help. The woman left the room and came back with an iPad where he could speak to a tele-doctor. The tele-doctor told him most of this was normal and that he did not recommend inpatient. We were waiting to receive next steps (thinking it would be referrals) when the first woman told me that the psychiatrist who owned the facility called in to veto the tele-doc’s recommendation and that Cameron had to stay 24 hours voluntarily unless he wanted it to be an “involuntary stay” which would result in staying 5+ days. He was understandably angry and upset but had to go. Took away his shoe laces, stripped him naked, whatever else you can imagine they do to people here. The next day the psychiatrist who vetoed him leaving came to see him (around 2pm) and after speaking to him, told him he didn’t believe he needed medication and shouldn’t be here. That he would try to get him discharged. He waited too long and by 5pm when I went over for visitation, my boyfriend told me that he had to stay an additional night (in a room with door open and roommate) because they didn’t begin the discharge paperwork and that he should be out by 10am in the morning. It is now 12pm and the paperwork is still not being processed (bf released his medical records to me) and they are holding him until he can see the doctor again. The doctor walked right by me in the waiting room an hour ago. If my boyfriend shouldn’t have been here at all, shouldn’t the priority first thing in the morning to be to sign him out? I am furious, scared and upset. Reviews online state that this facility kidnapped others for insurance money and that is what this situation is starting to look like. They’re telling me he should get out “soon”, and even if he’s out within the next two hours, I don’t feel right about this entire situation. Is there anything I can do?   “involuntary stay” which would result in staying 5+ days. Not a lawyer or in Texas, but a quick Google search shows that the laws for involuntary hospitalization in Texas do not differ from most other states and that the standards for being held more than 72 hours involuntarily would involve a court order (due process.) Your boyfriend could have refused medical care and left AMA. If he had been involuntarily hospitalized it is unlikely he would have been kept for more than 72hours as it would have started a process with the courts. The weird thing is that the 96 hours/five days thing pertains to voluntary (not involuntary) admissions, where they must release you within 96 hours of you filing a written request for release.  That's likely unfortunate. I'd chat with some attorneys to see what they'd take in retainers. You do have the right to your medical records in Texas, it'd be interesting to see what's in them. If the psychiatrist who owned the facility did no examination / evaluation on the 26th as seems to be implied in your post / kept your husband in for an extra day, I would at least suggest filing a complaint with the medical board / searching records to see if similar complaints have been filed in the past. http://www.tmb.state.tx.us/page/complaints  Yes. Did you hand over $2,000 today? I would certainly contest charges from the second day.  Yep If he went in voluntarily, I presume he signed some sort of agreement to pay the fees associated with it? There might not be a lot you can do, except try to get insurance to cover it - which I presume he both has and can pay for due to his "high level position for well known company." He’s out. 2k later.  It ended up being 2,000 for the 2-day stay. If he went in voluntarily, then he can ask for discharge. He can even leave without the doctor's say so (left against medical advice) It's hard to imagine this is a money making scheme as medical notes have to justify the admission - which it sounds like they don't, so there's nothing billable. In the future, this could have been addressed in most urgent care offices. First of all, he can demand to leave. He's currently there voluntarily. The owner indicated that he was willing to force an involuntary stay if he didn't stay voluntarily; your boyfriend can press the issue to find out if that's still the case. After nearly two days, it may be worth it for your boyfriend to force them to make the stay involuntary. For one thing, he would be able to argue later that he didn't want to stay so he shouldn't be responsible for unnecessary charges. And for another, it puts a clock on how long he can be in there before they have to go to a judge and get an order to keep him there. If they do go that far, a lawyer can represent his interests; you could help arrange for that, maybe with his family.  No, he signed the voluntary sheet because he knew he had to. edit: he went in “voluntarily”  If I am understanding your BF was given the option of voluntarily staying for 24h or being involuntarily committed for 5 days. He refused the 24h resulting in his current situation.