 I have two dogs that I had to register with the state for something my husband and I tried to apply for. We’re no longer applying for anything that requires us to have the dogs registered. I just got something from the state saying that we need to renew the license for each dog. There is an option to say that I no longer have the pets and I’m wondering if I can just say I no longer own them? I’ve never had to pay for license to own dogs before and I don’t really want to keep paying the state every year just because I have them I think it’s kind of silly and I can’t see anyone coming to check up on us to see if we have two dogs. My dogs are completely up-to-date on their rabies shots and all other vaccinations and they go to the vet every year for check ups. I love my dogs very much But I can’t wrap my head around paying the state just because I own them.  Nobody here will advise you to lie to your town to save a maximum of $18/year for each dog. = The town has ways to find people who violate the ordinance and you will end up being fined much more than the $18 you were trying to save. Find another hill to die on, OP. You mention paying both the town and state to it isn't clear who you licensed from. NJ townships all have their own rules. Your best bet is to call the appropriate office of the town and ask them what the rule is. There are more valid reason than this, the first being it’s illegal in many places not to license your pet (not to mention the licensing fee is a fraction of the cost of a fine). Licensing lets people know that a dog has had its rabies vaccination, and when a pet is lost they can look for the owner by the contact information given on the registration. Also usually the fees go to the shelters and not the parks department.  The licensing fee is $15 per dog in Newton. That's a small price to pay to make sure you are staying right with the law and also in case your dog ever got away, etc. Then you need a license.  Lying about it is fraud. The answer to your question is that you have to license the dogs because the law says so. You could lobby to have the law changed but that would be an uphill battle.  I live in Newton New Jersey and the license would belong to the Town Of Newton. Can’t I just say the dogs no longer live in this town? My husband and I were considering becoming foster parents and to meet with a case worker we had to provide income and licenses for everyone in the house, including our pets. I was going to say we gave them to a family friend in another state because we are on a “hard time”. Not every state needs a license, but my state doesn’t need a license my town does. You could have difficulty claiming your dog if he were lost. If your state requires all dogs to be licensed (and many require the tag to be worn) an unlicensed dog may be considered a stray because, surely if he were someone’s pet, he would be licensed.  If it's required, it's required. It's no more optional than having a license to drive or a permit to make additions on your house. Anytime you step outside with the dog, you can be asked for proof they are licensed, and if you don't have it, you can be fined. It may also be required by your homeowner's policy to have coverage if the dog hurts someone. So you may save a few bucks a year by not licensing, but god help you if something really bad happens. Nobody ever thinks it will be their sweet dog who gets scared or provoked and bites someone, but it happens all the time. Do you ever walk your dog? Probably your answer is yes, and your state facilitates that park. That's reason enough for you to pay that small amount to your state. There are reasons why they ask a little money as it costs society a lot to take care of our best friends. There are many things your state facilitates to make sure your dog gets properly fed and all the other things a dog and you needs. At least, that's the case where I live. It could be different of course. Try to think about what the money is for and if that's something you support or not and make your decision based on that. If you live in the town and the town laws say you have to pay for dog licenses, then yes you do. How is this a question? What is your location? Are you paying the state or the town? Was the registration specifically for application, or are they saying it's a general requirement