 Title really says it all, landlord said to expect an 'inspector', ten people have shown up in the last week, the most recent one even said that they'd 'like to buy our house' and upon being questioned said 'Oh, I'm an inspector,' it sounds like our landlord (who lives out of state) is coaching them to say that. I'd also be willing to buy the place myself, but I'm getting no response. This is in Baltimore City. The People’s Law Library of Maryland states that Baltimore City grants the tenant of a single family home right of first refusal when the home is being sold, except under certain specific conditions like the landlord selling to a family member. Google for specifics. Good luck.  You have a legal right to quiet enjoyment, which is likely being violated by having ten prospective buyers per week show up unannounced. Your landlord needs to give you notice for each and every time someone expects entry into your house. Only your landlord or their agent are required entry, which is likely why he's instructing them to describe themselves as inspectors. The next time an "inspector" shows up, you likely have the right to deny them entry. You can also deny them entry if it doesn't adhere to notice required in your lease and state law. Your lease will remain intact even if the house is sold. They cannot raise your rent change the term of your lease, etc without your approval (so watch out for them asking you to sign a new lease, etc). It's the landlord's property and he can sell it to whomever he wants. Though, the new ower must buy the lease along with it. Unless the leas says something else. Also, since Maryland doesn't have a notice for entry law, does the lease say anything about giving notice for entry? If it does, and he doesn't give notice, feel free to deny them entry. They have to take the property subject to your lease. They cannot require you to move out early, pay more in rent, etc. You typically must allow reasonable inspections of the property but if things are excessive (e.g. 10 people in 5 days) or they are failing to give adequate notice you can refuse to allow them entry. [Community Legal Aid has a tenant clinic you are free to contact for additional help](). Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.