 I wanted no part of this as a kid and I don't want any part of it now, but... I got a call from a law firm asking if I was the person from this personal injury lawsuit from the 90s. I said that I was but that I didn't want any part of this. They said that they had to serve me and assured me that I wasn't the debtor. I was out of state when they tried to serve me, so they mailed me some documents. It's a summons that lists me, along with this individual and some other people and companies that he owes money to, as defendants. The mortgage company or bank is the plaintiff. It doesn't really explain my part. It explains that the plaintiff has filed a lawsuit against me and that if the complaint is in foreclosure, I have to answer it and pay associated filing fees. Answer it with what? What will happen if I don't answer it? Generally speaking, in a foreclosure suit, the plaintiff must join everyone who has any financial interest in the property, including any judgment creditors. You were likely named as a defendant in this suit because you are a judgment creditor of the property owner, and it's possible you have a lien on the property as a result of your judgment. You should consult an attorney. If you have a judgment lien, and the property is sold in foreclosure, there is a possibility you could recover some of the proceeds of the foreclosure sale to satisfy your judgment. (It depends on whether the proceeds of the sale exceed the amount due to all creditors with a lien on the property, and what priority you have over other eligible creditors.) It's also likely that you will lose your judgment lien on any liens on the property if you do not participate in this lawsuit. I'm not sure how much is at stake, but it would be worthwhile to speak with an attorney, in any event, to see whether it is worth getting involved.  Honestly, it's substantial enough you should find a local civil attorney to do the filing for you.  But thanks for your help. Argh, that's what I was trying to avoid. This whole thing sucks. I have to deal with it as much as the debtor does and I didn't want any of this. Thanks! Hmmm, sounds less like a bankruptcy AP to me. My vote is still to bring it to a local attorney. Even if it is just a brief consult, they should be able to break it down and explain more of what is going on. My thought is now that the bank is just throwing in anyone who could possibly have an interest in the house (whether they do or not) onto the foreclosure. That is why you are on there. 16k now, minus 25% to atty bc I was a minor Loan company, plaintiff v individual that owes money, etc Al (I am listed in the et al, along with some companies and other individuals that he owes), defendants. From the superior court to defendants named above, loan company has filed a lawsuit against you. If you don't answer in 35 days, court may enter judgement against you with relief plaintiff demands. Then, it looks like the (relevant to me) relief requested is: debarring and foreclosing defendants of all equity of redemption in and to the house Judgement against defendants for: possession of house, damages and costs.  Ok. One step at a time. Do you know how much the settlement was for, less attorney fees and costs? At least ballpark? Can you give a more detailed description of the document? Not names and parties, of course, but some language from the document? It sounds like the debtor is in bankruptcy proceedings, and you are being notified because you are a creditor. It is possible that the debtor has filed an adversary proceeding (a lawsuit within a lawsuit) against you, stating that their debt to you should be discharged like the rest of the debt. You should have an attorney take a look at it. If there is a substantial amount of money at stake, it can't hurt. It doesn't say bankruptcy, it just says "chancery division". I figured the same as you (not that I'd end up getting anything anyway) but am I obligated to answer this? And answer with what?  Does it say bankruptcy court on it? It's possible there is going to be money left after the house is foreclosed on and sold, and you may be entitled to some of it because of the judgment.