 I became a citizen of the US early this year and did a name change that was approved. It was very simple, let's say my old name was Sara Belle Davis Parker and I changed it to Sarah Marie Davis Parker. When I got my driving license in CT, I just used Sara Parker, I have two last names but I never bothered to put my full name on any documents. I am seeing now that I made a mistake. When I went to the DMV to update my information, I was told they could not help me because my name change order reflected two last names while my license only had one. According to that, it was technically a new identity. They told me I needed a court order saying that I was changing my last name from Parker to Davis Parker. I don't know if this belongs here but I didn't know where else to ask. How would I go about doing this? Do I go back to the courthouse where I had my ceremony and ask them to give me a new document? I already have one reflecting my proper name, this would just be for the DMV's benefit? Thank you please. Going to another DMV office is a good idea. When my wife and I married, she changed her last name from &lt;her maiden name &lt;my last name &lt;her maiden name . No problem with the marriage certificate or any other state documents, but the DMV gave her some pretty aggressive pushback. The clerk claimed first that they couldn't change her name to that, but that they could change it to &lt;her maiden name &lt;my last name . Then they backtracked and said they could change it to &lt;my last name -&lt;her maiden name . She argued with the clerk at the window for a good two hours, with three or four different clerks and a supervisor chiming in to variously claim there were laws in the state that prevented them honoring her new name. None of this was true, and were just a bunch of excuses they fabricated out of thin air. After getting nowhere at that office, the next day she went to a different DMV location and was done with the change in less than 5 minutes. I too have four names for what it's worth. Do you have a certified or apostilled copy of your birth certificate from your country of birth, or can you get one? Showing your four names including the intended double last name? If not an English speaking country, an official translation could also help. The DMV who originally issued my driver's license did not correctly record my four names. When I later changed states and transferred licenses, it was a pain in the ass getting it fixed. My formal birth certificate helped so they could see I wasn't just inventing names out of whole cloth. Take in your birth certificate, passport from your prior country, visa papers, naturalization and citizenship papers, plus court papers. Reach back before the court papers and show the progression of your name from birth until now, including two last names and name change. Make it easy for them. The naturalization certificate as far as I understand holds all the weight of a court ordered name change. You would not be able to legitimately change your name in court to what is on there, since legally that is already your name. I would go back to the DMV and ask them what it is they expect you to do and why they are not recognizing the certificate of naturalization. I do, I have all my documents showing my full name. I'll try that and bring them all with me and see if they will be able to help me, thank you!  Do you have a new social security card that shows your full name? Might be worth taking any documents showing your full name, both before and after the change.  I will try that! When I went I spoke to an employee and she got the supervisor for me. He seemed very firm when he told he could not help me. Because my license only had one last name and the name change order has 2, he said it was like they were two different people. All my other documents have my full name, it is just the license that is the problem. Before you do that. I'd honestly just go back to the DMV and try again first. Or try at another DMV office. You'd be surprised at the difference just asking another person can make. 