 Sooo, my now ex girlfriend recently kicked me out of where we were staying, maybe four days after I had given her and the landlord rent money. Now all my stuff is by the door, my dog is there with her and I've been couch surfing with friends and getting cabs to work. I'm living in North Carolina and am just curious if I have any legal leverage here to stay in the house for x amount of days until I can figure out a better situation for myself and my puppy. You shouldn't say "if you're paying rent you're a tenant" it should be "If you live there, you're a tenant." As in, being on the lease doesn't matter. Paying rent doesn't matter. Only living there matters. She needed to have given you 30 day written notice in writing, then started the eviction process. I'm going to do a bit more reading right now, and you should probably post in the landlord help sub. But I'm pretty sure if she didn't give you the 30 day notice and did not start the formal eviction process, you have every right to be there right now until she does so. That said, you should probably gather evidence of you living there (mail, bills, proof of renter's payment, etc) Edit: Reminds me a bit of this post  I appreciate you, he's a very good boi. Getting my things aside, because she is letting me do that. I'm just having trouble juggling couch surfing looking for a place for my dog and I, and dealing with her. If I go to the police can I just request to continue staying there For x amount of time? I won't need long to find a spot. On the lease or not, you're a tenant and this is an illegal eviction. Go to the police, they may be able to have an officer present for you to get any remaining stuff. Oh, and make it very clear to your ex that your dog needs to be returned or else while at the police station, you'll be filing a police report for the stolen dog. I will not stand for stolen good bois.  I'm not on the lease. Sorry for not mentioning that. [removed] Yes, you are a resident and you have to be evicted in order to be barred from the premises. Tell the police via non-emergency line you are being illegally barred from your rental property and they can help you get in.  Are you on the lease, or only your ex GF? Either way, if you're paying rent you're a tenant and she can't just kick you out one day to the next. She would need to formally evict you.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.