 Earlier in the year I obtained an order of protection for my daughter against her father. I also filed a modification for custody at this time as well. Last week I had a hearing for the OOP per the father's request for a hearing. His lawyer was incredibly rude. I understand that this is how some lawyers are, but I'm trying to find ways to deal with this behavior. My own attorney tells me to ignore it, but it is so difficult. Example: I'm called as a witness by the father's attorney. Attorney asks me a question, I begin to answer the question and attorney cuts me off with a rude and force full accusation- "DID YOU OR DID YOU NOT SAY XYZ?!" I think this tactic is designed to make the witness anxious and confuse thoughts, but I would simply ask the attorney to repeat the question when she would cut me off, and this would seemingly make her even ruder. The attorney seemed exasperated by my every word and refused to make eye contact throughout the entire hearing, not just to me but to my attorney and the judge. It was all very strange. I was in the JAG corp in the Army for about a decade and this type of behavior did not really occur, it was all rather respectful, and I'm just kind of bewildered that this behavior is allowed. The OOP was ultimately quashed and a no corporal punishment order was put in place. As we go towards trial for my petition to modify custody I am looking for some advice or tactics for dealing with a rude attorney. Thanks! In the US the legal system is adversarial. This means that sometimes the other side’s lawyer will try to goad you into looking bad in order to help their client. Don’t take it personally, control your temper, and listen to your lawyer. You don’t want to harm your case because the lawyer gets under your skin. I get that it pisses you off, but there isn’t much to be done but to rise above it. If that is an issue for you, I can only suggest some counseling on the matter from a therapist.  That's a question for a counselor or a different subreddit. This is for legal advice and you want psychological advice.  Your attorney told you what to do, so instead of saying "I don't like that, I'm ignoring your advice," and seeking outside opinions from strangers unfamiliar with your case, you will listen to your attorney and do what he says.  [deleted] You have a lawyer. Let your lawyer handle it. If an improper question is asked when you are on the stand, your attorney will object. Otherwise just stay calm and answer the questions. You listen to your attorney. But I have no obligation to be nice to you and if you don’t answer my yes or no question with a yes or no I’m not going to be particularly happy about that. If the judge and your attorney didn’t stop him then it’s probably within bounds. Family law is hard to go through, be ready to get attacked hard, it’s just how the field is.