  While we were still together, we had an agreement that he was going to sell a motorcycle to me for $1,000. The agreement was I would pay him $500 up front as a promise of the sale, and he would hand me the keys and title when I gave him the other $500. I wrote up a handwritten “contract” and bill of sale when I gave him the first $500, laying out the agreement that the $500 was for the bike and nothing else. He signed and dated it. We broke up before I had the chance to pay the other $500, and he didn’t return my money or give me the bike. The other instance was when I paid an overdue phone bill to have his cell phone turned back on which was around $500. I wrote up another handwritten note about this for him to sign when he promised to pay me back, but he broke up with me, blocked me on everything and ran out of town before he signed it or paid me back. The bill was in his name, I paid cash, and he never signed the “contract” so I understand that this is a little tougher, but later he did acknowledge in writing that I did pay that for him and he did owe me. This all happened several years ago, and I figured I was never going to get my money back, but around May of 2017 we were in communication and he texted me saying he still intended on paying me back but gave me reasons he couldn’t right then. I told him I still had the “contracts” with precise amounts of what money was paid/owed and he accepted them. I normally would just consider this an expensive lesson learned, but I am stuck between a rock and a hard place and my only car needs a lot of repairs that I could really use this money for. We now live in separate states, and he is a contractor that often lives out of his home state for several months at a time. If I were to take this to small claims, what are my options? Would it have to be in the state or originally happened in? Where he’s living now? Where I’m living now? If it ends up costing me more than the money he owes I probably will just drop it, but I just wanted to know my options.  I would have been happy to pay the remaining $500 if he had let me. He kind of ran out of town before I had a chance to. I can’t remember the exact wording of the contract, I would need to pull it out of storage, but he has acknowledged that he would pay me back the $500 since I didn’t buy the bike. He was finishing up some repairs on the bike when I gave him the first $500, so that payment/“contract” was like a “I intend to buy this bike. This is the first half and I’ll give you the second half when the bike is ready.”  This only makes a difference if you itemize and have a large amount of gifts. For most middle or low income people, you get a bigger tax deduction taking the standard deduction than if you itemize.  Regarding the first instance, does he owe you the $500 back, or do you owe him an additional $500? Does your contract state what happens if you don’t pay the remainder? Because from what I’m seeing it sounds to me like you agreed to a payment plan of two installments of $500 each in exchange for the bike once you paid the full amount, you defaulted on your payments, so he gets to keep both the bike and your first installment and neither of you owe each other anything. From what I’m seeing online, you’d have to travel to his state to sue him there in small claims court. E.g.,  U can rite it off on taxes as a gift and count your losses 