 I passed every Field sobriety test that was administered to me Blew a .000 in AZ ; the Zero-Tolerance State. I was very respectful to the officers as they searched me and I even allowed them to search my entire vehicle. They did not Believe me as I continued to tell them “I Am Sober”. They booked me in Jail and took my Blood. Here’s my Question.... If THC metabolites stay in your blood for up to 1 month, How can that blood test prove to them I was under the influence..? Thanks in Advance for serious responses. My Court date is next month. The Test came back Positive for THC metabolites. It's possible that they didn't have any reason to detain OP at all. Many officers will ignore laws if they feel like they'll be able to charge you with a crime as a result, in the hopes that you won't contest it in court, won't know that their behavior was illegal, or won't be able to prove the laws they violated. For example, there's countless videos of police officers claiming it's illegal to record an on-duty police officer despite the US Supreme Court being pretty clear on this. As another example, I've been detained after speeding while they waited for a drug dog to come and smell around my car even though A) the US Supreme Court has ruled against this, and B) they had no reason to suspect that there were drugs in the car (there weren't) other than the fact that I was young, had long hair, and drove an old, beat-up car. I don't think this has any barring on the case. He tested positive. If this is the case it would be worth mentioning I suppose, but ultimately doesn't help any more than him doing it illegally in OPs own state. The weed consumption isn't the issue, it's that he tested positive for it while pulled over. This is more or less a great example of why you don't advertise that you smoke, especially on your vehicle.  Part of the issue is submitting to testing. Once you’ve given a breathalyzer or urine sample they begin to build a case against you. Idk what the laws are in AZ for refusal to submit to testing but it can mean an automatic forfeiture of your license in my home state. Refusing to submit to testing is the best course of action if there is any question if you’d pass or not. They can/could charge you with DUI/DWI but without physical proof the charge gets dropped. Since you submitted to testing you have given them proof that you could have been impaired at the time. Lawyer up. Best a lawyer can do for you now is minimize the potential charges and get you probation.  Not a lawyer but had almost the exact same thing happen. Obligatory, get a damn lawyer BUT, They are going to give you a plea deal. Dont take it, they will scare you with large numbers of jail time etc. It in reality is really hard for them to prosecute a DUI case, IF you've been drinking. Let alone a tiny but of THC in your system. I got popped in a similar manner with an opioid and I wish I had just taken it to trial, they probably would of just dropped the case. My public defender told me to go to trial because even with a blood draw (I had one too) it's hard to get a jury to convict. This was because they administered field sobriety tests on a hill in the grass etc. Your case is definitely going to get dropped. Your ankle injuries are key. he should def give his attorney paperwork showing he did break both of his ankles back in 2017 i'm guessing I’m a criminal defense lawyer. These cases come across my desk moderately frequently. The best and only advice you need is to get a criminal defense lawyer if the prosecutor proceeds on the charges at your initial arraignment. And what if the cops use that opportunity to conveniently "find" evidence that they dropped from a baggie in their pockets? It happens. Police are under pressure to get arrests. Police are also people and some people are just douchebags. However, if you refuse to allow the search, then they have to call it in, get a dog or a supervisor and get a warrant or higher probable cause. When they do that, they are going to be under higher scrutiny and will often avoid the exposure of bending the law to get the results that they require.  Yes, you can bet they will check the levels to determine. Trace amounts would indicate how long ago since he last smoked etc. Of course get an attorney Get rid of the positive bumper sticker and replace it with a Back The Blue one to help avoid being pulled over (my neighbor swears by this). Just a little FYI about the Standard Field Sobriety Tests (SFST’s). A lot of people think they passed because they don’t know what the officers are looking for. On the eye test, they think that because they followed the stimulus back and forth and up and down, they passed, but the officer is looking for horizontal and vertical nystagmus, meaning a shaking of your eyes as they move side to side and up and down. On the walk and turn, one may think they passed because they took nine steps and didn’t fall over, but there are other things the officer is looking for like: did your heels touch your toes on all steps as instructed by the officer, did you make your turn in the manner the officer instructed, did you raise your arms for balance, etc? I’m not offering any judgement on your performance on the tests, but just wanted you to understand that the assessment of one’s performance on the tests is not as simple as most people think.  [removed] Pretty sure that whatever state your in, that's states laws take precedent. For example, in my state, Indiana, Marijuana being illegal in the state, employers could/would fire people for testing positive for it on a drug test. Now, where I live/work, it's not unusual to have Michigan residents working at any particular company. Michigan has medical Marijuana but Indiana would still fire you for it since it's not legal here.  Also, if AZ is so crazy about pot, remove the Rasta bumper sticker. I know, it's stupid, but it may have been a factor. Going forward, you don't want this to happen again. [removed] Definitely yes.   As others have stated, this varies wildly and depends on more than just frequency of use. Activity level, BF%, hydration and overall metabolism all play a huge role. Because of this uncertainty everyone but very infrequent smokers should always build in 3-4 weeks for their system to clear.  That's my original point though: pot stays in your system WAY longer than the effects of it last. Any positive could be easily explained this way, which is why I'm phrasing my argument as it is Should've refused to let them search you and should have refused to comply with doing the FST without a lawyer present I am a criminal defense lawyer but I am NOT A LAWYER IN YOUR STATE. Hire an attorney in your state. The public defenders office is usually pretty good and they interact with judges and prosecutors much more than private attorneys (but private attorneys have more time for hand holding). Best advice is get a lawyer. The prosecutor will try and argue impairment by things other than alcohol and will proceed with their case with the metabolites in your system. You will likely need an expert to describe how the metabolites were not active/not high enough levels to be impaired/you cannot tell if they were active or inactive and impairing you. And it will be up to your defense attorney to cross examine whatever witness the prosecutor brings forward to testify that the thc metabolites were imparing you. General legal advice: never ever EVER consent to a search. Period. Don't do it. Also, take off that dumb bumper sticker. You're asking for trouble and it's an invitation for cops to get you into the situation you are now in. Also, go ahead and stay away from drugs. If you can't do it forever at least don't do any until after your court case is over. I've seen dozens of people keep using during the pendency of their case and it just makes things worse.  [removed] Shoulda read ahead. I know edgy teens and trustafarians say to refuse, but I've seen lawyers say it's not a good idea because it's immediate loss of your license.  're told time and time again to do what the cops say, and respect their authority. Barring probable cause they don't have the authority to search without your consent, so there's no authority to respect. And if they're asking to search, they're trying to bust you. Don't help them do that. 't think of anything they'd find objectionable in my car. Is your car new or used? Have you ever had someone else ride along in it? When they detained you, and took your blood, the officer should have taken your license and shredded it, and given you an admin per se to use as your temporary license until your proceedings with MVD are decided. What did you do with that paper? The officer’s description of your field sobriety test should be on that form, and you will know right there whether you passed or failed.  OK, I'm confused because I've seen people say to do this and then I've seen lawyers say this is a really bad idea. I thought they can immediately just take your license if you go this route? OP claims to have a wobbly stance during the FST due to breaking both his ankles last year, but doesn't have x-ray or medical record proving it because he apparently spent his vacation from work resting from his "injuries". Not to mention the fact that broken ankles don't just heal on their own properly.  I never said consent to a search, just tired of the Reddit cop hate. I break the law as much as the next guy, but if I get pulled over that’s on me. Op had a legitimate question for a legitimate problem, I was replying to the guy making broad statements. Jesus Christ guys. He added to it in the comments: '17 which is why I may have wobbled a bit. Aside from the Lack of Balance due to an outstanding injury, I thought I did very well on the Tests.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Your comment or post has been removed because you posted a video link. Please review the following rules before participating further: [General Rule 2] () Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. [removed] You said the FST didn't turn up anything and that's why they did the blood test. I said that the FST is not the be all end all for a DUI. He already said he failed the balance portion and had a terrible excuse for why he failed. The police's job is to judge whether this person should be driving and whether they have probable cause to take him off the road for the public safety. The Blood test is evidence for taking him to court. They already had probable cause.to take him in and then they began collecting evidence and investigation FYI I was taught that refusal to to sfst is not probable cause to arrest. Probable cause is the reasons why you were pulled over and any behaviors/odors/etc. noticed during contact. You can absolutely still be arrested for DUI if you refuse everything, just expect a warrant for blood and no option to change your mind and do the sfst or the breathalyzer. The portable breathalyzer is also inadmissible as evidence in many states. It would be foolish in the extreme to do anything other than get a (good) lawyer immediately. Why would you even think about not getting one? Having that bumper sticker honestly isn’t very prudent. It shouldn’t matter but this is the real world and you’ve just now received tangible evidence that it does. Highly recommend you get rid of that.  Okay this whole story is horseshit as it would be impossible for you to break both ankles and return to work within a few weeks. A picture is not an x-ray and you're obviously not smart enough to diagnose a broken ankle on your own. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Your comment or post has been removed because you posted a video link. Please review the following rules before participating further: [General Rule 2] () Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. [removed] [removed] Chemist here, the metabolites in your body are different from ones you would have immediately after smoking. The blood test should reflect that. The ones you had in your system were not psychoactive, aka you weren't high. This is correct. THC metabolites vacate the blood very quickly. If you had smoked within the hour your thc would be about 200 ng/ml about an hour after that it will be around 20-15 ng/ml in the blood. Also to echo some of the above comments, nobody has perfect FSTs . I have seen hundreds of reports and I've never seen someone with perfect FSTs even if they were stone cold sober. The secret is you don't know what they are looking for (hint it's not balance) also on the HGN or in your case VGN you can't fake that, it's either there because you've consumed or it's not and you have 0 control and have no way of knowing if you had nystagmus. Get a lawyer or have one assigned to you because of indigency. And if you're going to smoke don't drive, it puts other's lives in danger. I echo the other comments imploring you to get a lawyer. It's your only viable option if you want to fight this. I would also hazard a projection that if you don't, you will get hammered. I know it's not fun to hear, especially if you (think you are) in the right, but this system is not meant to exonerate the innocent. It's meant to punish, often regardless of actual guilt. It's a reply to another comment on here '17 which is why I may have wobbled a bit. Aside from the Lack of Balance due to an outstanding injury, I thought I did very well on the Tests. I'm a daughter of a cop. If a cop pulls you over and thinks you're under the influence, have drugs, are hiding something, etc, they are not on your side. There are many times when cops (at least the good ones) are on your side and want to help. This NEVER coincides with when a cop thinks you've purposely broken the law. Never consent to a search.  Never consent to a field sobriety test or search. All you ever need to say to them: “I have provided you with insurance and registration. I do not consent to searches or field tests. Am I being arrested? I will not be saying anything further without a lawyer present.” Don’t fucking talk to the police. Lawyer up.  Your court date is next month, get a lawyer, you have time but get it done sooner rather than later. That gives them more time to prepare so they can help you. [deleted] I think that may also vary on the state. Here in pa you can be sentenced to 30 days probation. Going in w a hot urine for thc, and not get a probation violation because it can take longer than 30 days to pee clean. As in a case of a first time offender w a personal amount (not yet legal here). I think the state laws will play a big role in this outcome.  That still doesn't take into account the nature of metabolized thc particles, since a breathalyzer isn't going to detect pot. This also doesn't take into account that the particles don't break down quickly in your mouth, and any mouth swabs could have traces of thc form weeks ago rather than twenty minutes ago. I appreciate your efforts to educate me on this though, thank you. [removed] “Heavy user” isn’t really accurate. It’s more just like every day user. Most people think “heavy user” and they think smokes all day, not someone who has a fat joint at night before bed. I have a friend that smoked about one blunt a day but he quit after he got a possession charge. He was pulled over a week later for a DUI (alcohol) but THC still showed up on his blood test. It was just above their cut off point and they didn’t bother adding on additional charges over it, thankfully.  Get a lawyer now! Also, in any zero tolerance state, I wouldn’t put Rasta stickers on your car. It’s just asking for trouble. Essentially your mistake was letting them search your car amongst other issues. You should’ve asked for a lawyer right away. You risk refusing the sobriety test and your definitely going to get arrested to blow at the station ...if you’re sober, blow, if not than don’t  Any good police officer like you mention should respect your right to say no to a search. So if they're a good cop and you say no they should be respectful of your civil liberties, and if they're a bad cop and you say no, you've just reduced your chance of getting arrested. Literally no point in ever consenting. Honestly, my first instinct would be to allow it. You're told time and time again to do what the cops say, and respect their authority. I've only ever encountered very chill, friendly cops in my area, and that includes being pulled over twice (although never for a moving violation). Ialso can't think of anything they'd find objectionable in my car. Iunderstand the reasons why not to allow a search, but right or not, my instinctual response would be to it.  [removed] Because no good comes from it. Anything they find, no matter how small will be used against you. If your friend left something in your car, it's yours now. Every lawyer will tell you to refuse any search. If they have enough PC to search you, they can get a warrant.  You never sent any, I was asking for them. I was saying don't just send them and then tell me to look through it on my own, as that'll just tell me you don't care enough about the issue to make sure all facets are understood correctly How do broken ankles figure in lol I'm guessing op edited something?  IANAL Federal law poses an issue and I would suppose it would depend on the judge. In Delaware a man was fired and the judge is allowing him to go after the company, since he was prescribed. Maybe it’s dependent on the lawyer and judge, I would be interested to hear more from someone well versed.  Except the police are only doing one of those when they are asking you to consent to a search or a test.  They almost always draw blood after a failed fst. Blood tests hold alot more weight in court than breathalyzers do. It's the same reason why when a cop catches someone speeding on their radar they will oftentimes match speed as extra evidence in case the suspect tries to say the radar was malfunctioning IANAL. I had a friend that had a similar situation. Did you consent to the blood draw? The officers can do a breathalyzer but they have to get a warrant to take you're blood. And they would have had to have a very good reason to get a warrant. Having a rasta bumper sticker is definilty not a good enough reason. If you showed no signs of impairment then it should have simply been a speeding ticket. The problem with the tests is they're extremely inaccurate because you could have smoked once weeks ago and showed nothing after an hour but would show up dirty now. Theres no way to prove from that test if you were under the influence at the time. Definitley get yourself a lawyer.  [removed] Responding to the wrong person, I didnt send links. Then explain it if you know so much more about it then me. Also don't just send me links and tell me to educate myself, I'll just ignore you at that point. [removed] Get a lawyer. This is a great argument for your lawyer to make and has been successful in some cases. For real no ones telling you to get a lawyer for kicks, we all know it’s expensive and sucks. You must have a lawyer and you must have one RN.  Get a lawyer. In my jurisdiction, it would be almost impossible to prove the DUI based on what you are telling me. There is no test that can show exactly when you consumed THC and if you were still intoxicated from it when driving. Furthermore, most Judges I know are very hesitant to convict just based on the results of the SFST. Especially if you show up with a doctor who can explain some of your medical issues. Having said that, just because this is a case that would likely be downgraded in New Jersey, I have no idea how it would play out in AZ. Find an attorney who is well versed with the local court and get him/her involved asap. Because a search opens you up to a world of trouble, even if you “have nothing to hide.” It is impossible to know every single law. You could have something in your vehicle that indicates a crime without even knowing it. Let’s say you give permission for a search and the police don’t find what they’re looking for, they could find something else— something you didn’t even realize was illegal. A police officer will give you the line “if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear” because that makes their job easier. But when it gets to a point where an officer is asking if they can search you or your property their job is in direct opposition to your best interests. I'm trying to show you that your inherent bias and lack of understanding is leading you to potentially give bad advice. And now ive figured out the other difference. You dont understand how probable cause and DUI stops work. I think the advice was to stop smoking because there are likely future tests, or opportunity for future tests, and you want to piss clean.  THC itself is detectable in blood for only a few hours but it’s main metabolite THC-COOH is detectable for up to 5 days. The test came back positive for THC metabolites which doesn’t necessarily prove you were driving under the influence. It’s just proves that sometime in the last 5 days you got high. You might need to get yourself a private attorney as public defenders can be inept at defending cases like this. I said don’t blow at the scene. The preliminary breath test gives them probable cause and I’ve had people swear they were sober even though the PBT disagreed. Can I come rifle through your personal belongings? I'm not anti police by any means, but I will never understand why people willingly open themselves up for self-incrimination. Give an LEO an inch and they'll take a mile. If you’re sober, do the sobriety test, most states will take your license for a refusal...and if what you say is true, you should be fine, but I’m better there’s more to the story as to why they think you were under the influence that’s not alcohol... [removed] [removed] I'm assuming this because the cops drew his blood, which means the FST didn't turn up anything conclusive enough to bring him in on a charge of dui.  While I agree that as a general rule you shouldn’t allow them to search anything without a warrant, it seems like this didn’t change the outcome for him and may work in his favor if he goes to trial.  You're either looking to prove yourself right or prove someone else wrong, otherwise you wouldn't have responded. Have a nice day. You handled this exactly wrong. Don’t do the FSTs, don’t make statements, don’t blow at the scene, do NOT consent to a blood draw. You gave them probable cause to arrest you, you gave them consent to find something in your car to use against you, you gave them evidence of the THC in your blood, and you already told them your defense. You have the right to remain silent. Just remember to believe your lawyer if they tell you you’re screwed, since it sounds like you really tied this case up with a nice bow for the cops. I don’t know if you think you’re smart and cunning or what, but this entire post makes me cringe for your attorney and I can tell you think you did a good job.  Lawyer for sure. Money well spent. You're likely OK though, metabolite presence doesn't indicate impairment. If you can prove your medical reason for being wobbly then that will help (documentation). But get a good lawyer, and follow their instructions exactly. Let them lead you through this. You will not win this case without one. Ok. So what if OP was vacationing in a legal state. Its the levels of thc in your system that determins if you are currently high or if this was from a previous use and its just still in your system right?  [removed] Did the officer indicate a reason that you were pulled over? Speeding? Driving erratically or unsafely? If you were driving in "an impaired manner", your time behind the wheel will be factored in too... Not just the field sobriety test. Because you’re handing them your civil liberties and they’re not on your side. You need a lawyer. No “let’s see how this plays out.” I imagine that was what was going through your head when you consented to give your blood. There are a lot of attorneys the specialize in DUI. What you’re going to want to look for is one who specializes in cannabis DUI. I once watched an attorney spend an entire trial referring to a vape as a “cannabis e-cigarette.” Guess who lost that trial? The science behind cannabis inebriation is sparse and not many officers are trained to detect it. An attorney who knows their stuff will be able to give you the best shot.   NAL, but they don't. They stay in urine for up to a month. Blood is 1 to 2 days. So I would realize you made a mistake and talk to an attorney. DUI's aren't only for alcohol use.  Because you don’t have to. They will either have probable cause and require a search, or you can say no.   You dont know this. You assume this because OP said he passed them.  It waives several defenses, opens the risk of them finding other misconduct, and exposes you to the risk of police misconduct. It also has no advantages for you. If you have to consent to a search, that means they don’t have anything on you, which is good. Why would you risk it? You can't give useful advice if you just believe one side of the story unconditionally. It clouds your judgement and you wind up being a potential detriment to the person who asked you for help. [removed]  Never consent to a search/seizure. I don't care how innocent you are, it isn't going to help you out. Why shouldn't one consent to a search? =reddit-android your the third person. Move on 1) the officer had reasonable suspicion that you were high as a kite from his conducting of a FST and thus escorted you back to the station to have a BDT conducted. 2) you did very well on the FST, the officer thanked you for your cooperation and you were free to go. Pick one.   't helpful if you can't afford it He can't afford not to. Yes the system is fucked. But frankly the only real course of action OP has is to get a lawyer. You might not be able to afford one now. But there's a lot of consequences to heaving a DUI on your record including tens of thousands in penalties, classes, and monitoring. That's not including loss of job prospects, housing problems, etc. So yeah the system is incredibly unfair he will be worse off even if he's innocent. But that's the reality.  There's another comment on this thread that explains this thread better, but that's not what I'm talking about with my original comment. Did you refuse to take the breath test? I live in Az. If you refuse the breathe test they have the right to take you to jail for the blood test. So yes you are in a pickle and definitely get a lawyer. Alas we do have the one of the harshest dui laws in the nation. So again get a lawyer. Because this thc stuff is now cutting edge law because of our fairly new medical marijuana laws. It’s pretty standard the punishment for first dui. So again get a lawyer.  That's not the part I'm arguing though. If that was all they had then a field sobriety test was warranted, my criticism is that for all intents and purposes he passed those tests and no further tests were warranted and any others were based solely on their assumption that he was stoned. If they needed to draw his blood for anything it means they didn't have enough to keep OP there based on the FST, which is why I'm arguing that the cops we're basing their actions around profiling rather than actual training. Only good advice. The case is not going away. And stop smoking. You don't want to test hot if the judge asks for a piss test.   In the meantime, it sounds like you have been charged with a crime, and it will be in your best interest to hire a lawyer to represent you.  IANAL, but I am an EMT... That's not how broken ankles work dude. It's slightly possible, but I incredibly doubt you walked on two broken ankles. And if you somehow actually did do that, you will have obvious x Ray's to prove how poorly your ankles healed. You need a lawyer. Go get a lawyer and stop trying to plead your case to a bunch of internet strangers. Go. Get. A. Lawyer. Get a good DUI attorney who has dealt with marijuana cases. Arizona does not set a threshold for metabolites and the AZ supreme court has held that, at least in the case of medical marijuana patients, metabolites alone are not proof of impairment. How that affects your case is something only your attorney will be able to answer.  That would be a problem with the system effecting a minority of persons, not the advice given. Most people would and should get a lawyer, as the facts are stacked against this person. If they choose not to get a lawyer, then they should try to plea for a reduced citation, which may cost them their license for many months. Going at this alone in court, with the evidence at hand, is not sound advice, so those are the options. [removed] Part of the diagnostic criteria of a broken ankle is the inability to walk more than 4 steps (Ottowa Ankle Rules). Sounds very not credible at all.  Took you this long to figure that out, really? You know OP was speeding, which is why OP was pulled over, and likely smelled of reefer, right? He then, presumably, didn’t pass the FST. You're both arguing two equal but logically unrelated, correct, points. You're not actually arguing but talking affirmatively about two different things together. There's sadly no closure or winning in this, only disappointment. Best to move on.  Figured out the difference between our positions. You belive OP unconditionally. We both think he needs an attorney, but for different reasons. Happy Holidays. [removed] [removed] [removed] Don't wait to"see how this plays out". You should speak to a lawyer ASAP. [removed] If you know lawyers who specialize in DUI’s, they all have one thing in common. Clients who thought they nailed the FST. Then when your attorney or PD receive the disclosure, you thought you received a pass on your FST and instead find out you’re going to be bent over by that FST assessment. You have surmounting evidence against you. Your only hope is to consult a lawyer immediately. Also, lol @ the double broken ankles, I’m sure the officer believed that. Hence the BDT. Edit: lol imagine this guy at his arraignment, “How do you plead” “Not guilty, both of my ankles were broken” “I’m going to appoint a PD for you if you can not afford an attorney, you definitely need one” Do they have status hearings in AZ for DUI’s? I’m too lazy to look it up.  I will do that as well as Keep the Picture of a Clearly Broken ankle. Full purple and every toe had a Purple knuckle. Appreciate your time.  I am a Former SEC athlete and have broken ankles, fully dislocated my right shoulder. I actually enjoy pain. I put a brace on and sucked it up to save money.  [removed] Talk to a lawyer and see if getting x-rays may help. No evidence of broken ankles is really not good.  R with broken ankles. Also was working an office job upon my return from the Vacation so I did not need to walk much. This is why you need a lawyer. They might be able to help you come up with a defense that is actually plausible. Two broken ankles don't just heal by laying around the beach a few days. You don't need a medical degree to know that, just common sense. Though I understand that's lacking in someone who puts "Rasta" stickers on their car. [removed] THC metabolites do not stay in your blood above cut off levels for a month unless you are an extremely heavy user. Typical detection windows are well under a week. Lawyers are not time machine operators. If you wait to see how it plays out it will likely be too late to meaningfully defend yourself. It was a mistake to consent to a search, never do that again. Arizona used to have an outrageously stupid policy where metabolite presence alone supported a finding of impairment. That changed in 2014. Something else (although not much else) is needed to support an argument of impairment. You don't have to convince me, but everybody reading this is thinking the exact same thing and the jury and prosecutor will as well. Your self-diagnosis of two broken ankles which you continued to walk on is just not credible. [removed] Or maybe OP simply didn’t appear as sober as he believes. I have a picture if that would help you. Was at the beach so just took the R R with broken ankles. Also was working an office job upon my return from the Vacation so I did not need to walk much. ... You supposedly broke both ankles (simultaneously?) and never went to a doctor? Sorry, but that is not a very credible story. My first thought is "they weren't actually broken, this guy is just assuming that because they swelled up." I suspect many others would have a similar reaction. That's the problem though: depending on how heavy a pot smoker you are you'll have the same number of metabolized chemicals in your blood stream as someone who did it for the first time ever, but that can't tell them how long ago you smoked. Even the mouth test isn't reliable if they don't brush their teeth often, as metabolized chemicals stay in your mouth the same way food gets stuck in your teeth. Yeah circumstances notwithstanding he may have tested positive for pot, but outside of that he seemed to pass every test which gave NO reason to warrant further tests. The bumper sticker is pretty much the only indicator that they MIGHT have smoked pot at some point in their life, but that's as sound a reasoning as someone giving me shit for a Bernie 2016 bumper sticker(which has happened, just not by cops). This was profiling, plain and simple.  Thank you. I have a picture of the Broken ankle but never saw a Doctor. Couldn’t afford one at the time of injury (July 17’) [removed]  That's a pretty big fail indicator for a FST. You may know it's from an old injury, but to the officer it's the same excuse he's heard a thousand times. You'll need to explain to the judge your circumstance, and I would make sure to have any supporting evidence if your injury with you in court. If the officers' only evidence is you wobbling, and you have evidence that can help explain why you were wobbling you have a much better shot than most others for fighting off a DUI conviction. You need a lawyer. The advice is to get one. Because you need one. Call a few, they'll give you an initial consultation, costs, some offer payment plans. Presumably he didn’t believe you. And then you tested positive for THC. I am thinking yes. Will have to wait and see how this Plays out.  I explained to the Officer that I am a Former Athlete and broke both ankles the summer of '17 which is why I may have wobbled a bit. Aside from the Lack of Balance due to an outstanding injury, I thought I did very well on the Tests.  You may have thought you passed the FST, but I seriously doubt you would have been administered a blood test if you had passed with flying colors. It's done just like any other DUI case that doesn't involve an absolute level law, it's the totality of the circumstances. Your positive test shows you at least had it in your system. Then that evidence will be coupled with your actions and demeanor as observed by the officer or caught on camera. If that's convincing enough for a jury to believe you were impaired, you can be found guilty of a DUI.  You're getting a lawyer, right? _____ EDIT: Please read this important information, below! Since this above comment has been highly upvoted and gilded, I'd like to help the community (you, dear reader) with my other /r/legaladvice comment that also got gold (and only 10 points lol). The following is applicable to this post, but also generally very useful to anyone in the United States: ___ If you ever suspect that police might suspect you of committing some crime (even if you're innocent), then you are NOT obligated to talk to them, answer your door for them, return their phone call, or "go down to the station to answer a few questions" (usually a bad sign). You can (and often should) protect your legal rights by saying: 1. "I'm not answering any questions without a lawyer." 2. "I do not consent to a search." If you haven't been arrested yet, then police can still ask questions: "Why don't you want to answer any questions? Do you have anything to hide?" They can also lie and threaten you, "She said you did it. We can do this the easy way or I'll bring you down to the station." There's two options: 1. If police have enough evidence to arrest you, then NOTHING you say will help you. THEREFORE IT'S BEST TO REMAIN SILENT, let them arrest you, and wait until you get to see a lawyer. 2. If police don't have enough to arrest you, then NOTHING you say will help you, and it's OFTEN it's what you say next will give police just enough information to arrest you. THEREFORE IT'S BEST TO REMAIN SILENT. You may need to assert your rights multiple times. It's especially important to say "I'm not answering any questions without a lawyer" AFTER you get arrested. It can be very difficult to know when you might accidentally consent to a search, because cops use very subtle language. "We've had reports of crime in this area, have you stolen anything?" "No officer no way!" "Mind if I check you and your car for weapons for everyone's safety... OR... so we can clear you?" "(Holy crap) Of course officer, I have nothing to hide". BAM! You just gave consent and anything the police find can be used to arrest you. So as an example (true story from this sub), say a friend previously (from several nights or months ago!) gave you two Advil/Ibuprofen for a headache, you took one and put the other in your car center console. Cop gets you to consent to search, looks up the Ibuprofen, and you didn't know it, but it's an Rx strength of 800 mg (equal to taking 4 regular pills from a bottle). BAM! You're arrested for illegal possession of an Rx. There are COUNTLESS cases where a person freely waived their rights, which ultimately led to them being found guilty of a serious crime. Knowing how to preserve your rights is legal self defense. It can sometimes be the difference between life in prison and freedom. Or more often, between a harsh plea deal and better plea deal. Or even, despite what the officer wants you to believe, the difference between being arrested and being let go with a stern warning. You don't have to make it easier for cops and prosecutors to arrest and convict you. 