 TL;DR: court appointed attorney had back room discussion with the prosecutor before my pretrial. Prosecutor then amended the charge from Driving on expired license to No Ops on persons (which still seemed easy to defend). Did my PD screw me? Sorry. This is long with several phases and probably too many tangents. Phase 1) I moved from MI to California 8 years prior to when I was pulled over. I have a valid license that doesn't expire until my birthday the next year. I was visiting my parents in Michigan during a break (I was in university) and got pulled over in my dad's car for speeding. I have a CA driver's license and I have a CA state issued ID card. I flew to MI and had my license in my backpack, in the backseat of the car I was driving. I had my state issued ID on my persons. When the officer approached I told him 'here's my ID, I'll have to grab my license from my bag behind me'. He said the ID was fine, and I assumed he'd be able to see that I have a valid license using info from my ID - especially since in CA, IDs and driver license have the SAME number. He came back and gave me a ticket for driving on an expired (MI) license and speeding. My MI license expired like 6 years prior, and I've lived in CA with a CA license for 8 years at this point. He said they're both civil infractions, and checked the civil infraction box on the ticket for each. I should've showed him my license then, but I was very nervous and just wanted to leave. I rarely get pulled over and I was going 21 MPH above the speed limit (91 in a 70) plus I was running late to a dentist appointment (a relative is my dentist, I make an appointment everytime i'm in town). So I figured right after my appointment I will go to the court to clear up this misunderstanding. A couple hours later, I go to the court with the ticket and my driver's license. That's when I find out that it's a misdemeanor and am told I have to go to my arraignment first, in two weeks. Or, I could just pay the fine. Well, i'm a broke college student and not pleading guilty to a misdemeanor, paying $300+ and whatever points on my license for something i'm not guilty of. I'd rather pay $300 on a flight to come back and fight this. After some research I was able to contact the prosecutor and explained my situation. They said tell it to the judge. Ok, but arraignment was on a Wednesday, so I requested to have it moved to a Monday or Friday since I would have to travel and miss class. Wednesday would be awfully brutal. No go. So, I no showed, graduated a year later, and then headed back to court to take care of this which now included a bench warrant for a no show. Phase 2) I graduated in August (had summer class requirements) I drove from CA to the MI court house. It's the friday before labor day around 4pm. I asked the clerk at the cashier window my options. She said I could go up right now. I didn't know what "go up" meant, but unfortunately, after agreeing, I found out it meant go up to see the judge. I didn't know you could just go up to see a goddam judge, I thought they had dockets and shit. Well, I entered a courtroom wearing shorts and a t shirt an hour before a holiday weekend. Don't wear shorts when going in front of a judge, I even knew this. The judge didn't hear a word from me, she just wanted me to pay cash bond right then. I didn't have cash, so I was thrown in county jail. Rode in the paddy wagon to every district courthouse picking up criminals first. Then when we got to county jail, I was immediately called out as "the bitch" upon arrival. I protested "I-I-i'm not the bitch" to which the guard told me to shut up. I was Fucking Pissed Off at this point and I said 'you shut up'. Four cops jump me then drag me to a solo cell. Luckily I got bonded out later that day. Phase 3) I have my arraignment for the initial charge. I pled not guilty and I ask for a court appointed attorney. The judge even said, I quote, "he's a good attorney" when we were given my "counsels" name. (Seems unethical for the judge to endorse, but whatever) He was terrible and lazy. I talked to him briefly on the phone two times before my court date. I summed up my evidence to him, thinking this is an open and shut case. Charge: expired license. Defense: here's my license that has been valid for the past 8 years. I got to court at 8:00am for my pretrial scheduled for 8:30. He showed at 11:30. I'm panicked and upset at this point. And the first thing he says is, "my assistant asked you to call me and you never called me". Uh, are you for real? We've had 2 conversations already. And he obviously isn't prepared. I've also showed my license to anyone that'll look at this point. And now, it expired 2 months ago. I hand it to my lawyer who scoffs, 'but this is expired'. No shit! We talked about this already! It's still evidence, check the dates. This also means, I have no valid physical license however, because I couldn't renew my CA license due to the charges in MI and my "MI license" is now suspended. He told me I have a bad attitude. No shit, i'm pissed that i'm at court for this bullshit, i'm pissed my license is suspended, i'm pissed he has no idea what's going on, i'm pissed he's 3 hours late, i'm still pissed someone called me "the bitch" IN JAIL, and that cops jumped me after. THEN, he goes in some room with the prosecutor. When he comes out, he says "ok, they are going to amend the charge to No Ops on persons" (driving without having my license on me). Still a misdemeanor. The new misdemeanor charge... .311: The licensee shall have his or her operator's or chauffeur's license, or the receipt described in section 311a, in his or her immediate possession at all times when operating a motor vehicle, and shall display the same upon demand of any police officer... I argued to my PD that it was in my immediate possession, just as much as if the judge herself carried her license in her purse. (Tough to impossible to prove though, but I was still confident. I'm a good person with no criminal history or tickets after all). My PD advised that if I fight this, which I planned to do, the judge would put me in jail for the maximum. Then, because he obviously wasn't interested in defending me (too much work for him I guess), and he was just interested in having me plea (easy work for him), I told him he's no longer my attorney. You're fired I get called in to see the judge moments later and he followed. She asked if I was coerced into a plea and I said yes. He's threatening that you will put me in jail for the maximum if I take this to trial and lose. (In my mind, there's still no way I lose, not in front of a jury) He objected, obviously. Meanwhile, why the fuck is he even still here with me? I'm still way too nervous to think straight and my parents came for the fun too. They talked me into following my PDs advice. Well... I ended up pleading no contest and got 100 hours community service and over $1,000 in fines. Phase 4) My question for r/legaladvice Did my PD also fuck me? What did they do in that back room? Can I appeal? What's the statute of limitations to appeal? This has me so fucked. I worked hard turning my life around and beyond all odds graduated from a top university in pre law. This ordeal literally gave me PTSD and I decided against law school after all of this and seeing what bullshit the system is. Here's the kicker... This happened 8 years ago (and still gets me going). I was pulled over in May '09, "graduated" in August '10, jailed August '10, court was November '10. I didn't complete my community service and I carried a suspended license until 2013 at which point I found an attorney who knew the judge to help me out and I paid for some bullshit online community service letter. It's all behind me now, but I can't help but feel like if I had an attorney who carried out their obligation from the start that I wouldn't have lost so much time, money and sanity. Of course I also carry blame. I could've paid the fine and pled guilty from the start, even if it was bullshit. Or I could've taken time off from school and gone to court to fight it before becoming a no show. Or I could've just reached into my backpack and handed over my license from the start. The best advice is probably to move on. I mostly have, but this still haunts me and if there's is some justice that can be had for former me, I want to know - whether I'd act on it or not - before the window closes.   'm confused, did the officer see your licence during the stop? I gave my ID, and told him my license is in my backpack in the backseat. I was trying to avoid admitting anything by saying 'I might've given my license and he was confused'. As for the expectations, I expect him to know that when I hand a CA ID that I'm a CA resident and not give me a ticket for a MI license that expired 6 years prior, especially when I say my license is in my bag that's in arms reach and I offered to produce it but, he said what I gave was fine. (I just didn't want to reach in a backpack during a traffic stop cause POs don't like that, so I handed what was in my pocket.) I also expect him to know that the ticket he issued is a misdemeanor, not a fix it ticket as he said, which would have prompted me to protest on the scene.   . A valid CA ID that had the same number as my valid California driver's license. I do not think you can expect that the PO knows how CA IDs work. He may not have known that a corresponding licence must exist given you have that particular ID. And if he knows, how would he be able to verify that the corresponding license is valid if you do not produce it? He may not have access to the CA database to look up your licence status in CA. 've even given my license and the officer still gave that ticket because he was confused I'm confused, did the officer see your licence during the stop?  Ah, I see. Important, but doesn't change a lot in the end. As I understand the CA licence was never shown to the officer right? • I gave CA ID. A valid CA ID that had the same number as my valid California driver's license. • noted • noted • noted • I did take this offer and I was represented by the PD. I told them we were done, but they still came with me, and I acquiesced. My preference was, considering our differences, to postpone so I could find new representation. Thanks for your sound input. It's great advice and well received. Sorry that my ramblings confused the facts above. Your comments remain just as valid. I suppose the only facts I would have to backup that i had my license is the cops word. Or that my ID number was on the ticket. Again, it's the same number as my valid, and my only, driver's license. Hell, I might've even given my license and the officer still gave that ticket because he was confused, and me under all the excitement was equally confused by it. But since he checked the civil infraction box (there is a separate "misdemeanor" box that he didn't check), I didn't protest until hours later at the court - when I was told it was a misdemeanor - with my license in hand. I dunno if that would help. Nobody seemed as impressed about that evidence as I was. Perhaps the officer remembered the events just as I did. I dunno, he was nice enough during the stop, but i never saw him again until court. I imagine this was an insignificant 18-month-old blip in his memory. My biggest gripe though is that if my PD didn't have his sidebar discussion with the DA, I had great facts to backup my claim that my license was not expired during the alleged violation of "driving with an expired license". All my PD had to do was see the charge, see the evidence, wait for the case to be called, show my license to the judge and request a dismissal. Open and shut, right?  Yes? Exactly. He said he had a CA licence and a CA ID   Except that's wrong, according to the OP's statement.  It doesn't really sound like your PD screwed you over in a significant way (although he does sound kind of shitty) Facts You were stopped and gave ~~MI ID~~ CA ID You were informed that your MI licence was expired (and got a ticket for it) You did not protest and produce a valid licence You were given the opportunity to plead to not having the licence on your person. You did not take this offer and proceeded to represent yourself. What facts are going to back up your claim that you actually did have the licence on you, but you just didn't produce at the traffic stop where you were ticketed? You PD likely knew there where little chance of convincing the judge of that, and thus recommended the plea. If you frequent this sub, you should be familiar with how bad an idea it is to represent yourself.. /Edit corrected which state ID was presented. When you plead guilty, you unfortunately are bound by this unless certain conditions are met. Do some googling for conditions allowing plea withdrawal and also consult with a criminal defense attorney in Michigan. Bright side is that if you wait a while, you may qualify for expungement.