 I have full custody, we divorced in 2011, he didn't show up to court because he took off to Texas to be with another woman and her kids. He was abusive and has a DV charge on his record. He owes about $16,000 in child support arrears, they finally found him about 2 years ago and started garnishing his checks. He's been in and out of the kids lives for years, has always come and gone without warning. Both kids have anxiety issues because of it, they're on a waiting list for therapy due to a lack of providers that accept insurance. He started dating a girl a year ago, and suddenly wants to be super dad and accused me of keeping the kids from him. I get cussed out often, he's cussed at my kids, forced my autistic son to take his shirt off at a waterpark knowing my son, who is 12, has never taken his shirt off for swimming because of anxiety and sensory issues. Last time I allowed them to hang out with them, they weren't given food or drink, came back to be in tears because they were so hungry. My ex recently bought them a phone without my knowledge or consent, and has been calling and texting CONSTANTLY, says they miss them and can't wait to see them again, etc. I am at a loss, the court docs say they are with me 365 days a year 24/7, all holidays, and decision making, etc. I'm terrified to go to court with this guy because he's so aggressive and manipulative, but I don't want to seem as if I'm keeping my kids from having a Relationship with their dad. I don't like them having a phone from him, I don't trust the motive behind it, but legally I don't know what I'm allowed to do. I'm saving up to retain a lawyer in case something happens, but in the meantime....idk what my options are or how strict Colorado is with this type of stuff. Yeah, but he still has his parental rights which includes visitation of his kids. Just because he doesn't have a rigid visitation schedule doesn't mean he's not allowed to see his kids ever. When she doesn't allow it to the point that he never gets to see his kids or communicate with them, that could be construed as parental alienation. If he takes that to court, the court will most likely guarantee him some visitation time by modifying the current order by making a more rigid visitation schedule that is then out of the hands of OP. Right now she has the ability to control how he interacts with the kids. If that happens, she doesn't. It would behoove her to make some contact possible rather than none.  She has full custody with no visitation. She wouldn't be keeping him from the kids in any way that isn't consistent with the order. Not allowing him in their life is fully within her rights and she should do so.  Absent an order that grants him the ability to contact your children, you are free to make the parenting decision to remove these phones. If I were in your shoes, I would absolutely do so. You don't have to go to court with him unless he tries to challenge the custody agreement in place. You have all of the high ground here; STOP relinquishing it to him by granting concessions. Additionally, your children are not toddlers; their opinions on the matter will be taken into account if this ever goes to court. The fact he has years of not looking after them in any way shape or form will look very bad for him. I understand you are worried about parental alienation, so avoid discussing how crazy 'dad' is, but you dont have to let him see them. The more you keep your kids from him, the more likely the court is going to grant him some visitation. If you don't want that to happen, you need to find a way to facilitate at least some visitation AND communication when he's not visiting with them that you're comfortable with, the more, the better. Because if you go to court, your best argument against a custody order is "He already gets to see the kids and talk to them on a regular basis. A new order isn't necessary, the old one is working just fine."  Why are you even letting him around your kids to cuss them out? You have full custody. Document the abuse and if he keeps coming back file a restraining order against him. You have full custody - you're allowed to keep them from him. Your kids have (presumably) diagnosed mental conditions because of his mistreatment of them. Be an adult and a parent and protect your kis. 