  To note, I have no desire to steal an identity or forge anything. I am looking for a legit way to find a signature in official city/state/federal records. I am in a dispute with my landlord and have pursued a case with the Housing Authority in NYC. In short, he deregulated my rent before I moved in claiming renovation more than 300% what the cost was. The only document he submitted was a lump sum invoice and a separately signed affidavit by the supposed contractor. I have good reason to believe the signature is not real and I would like to find a way to compare it to a copy of his signature on file somewhere. I already got a copy of his business formation records through the state, but the signature was not included. While this has not gone to court yet, and is not my only evidence, it is the main way I can dispute the landlords only (weak) evidence. Please let me know of any way I can find a copy of a signature on record. Is there a way I can see his deed or marriage certificate in records that would have it? I do not have a lawyer at this point, although that would be the next step if this goes to court. Right now I'm trying to avoid that  Why not just call the contractor and ask him about it? You're overthinking this. If the contractor didn't sign the document you can have him sign a notarized letter to that effect and you can submit that to the DHCR as part of your case. Why is that last resort? This should be first resort. You could potentially have everything cleared up in a matter of minutes if you just call them. Most states/counties allow you to look up and view deed images online which would include his signature. Since he owns a business, have you tried contacting him directly to clear up the confusion and see if he is willing to give any information? You should be able to find a phone number or email somewhere. Just ask if he remembers signing that form or working at your address. So just to follow up, I DID find this guys verified the signature in public records through deeds available in NYCs ARCIS system. They are not even close although the addresses indicate that it is the same person in question. the signature looks suspiciously similar to my landlords hand, which is what drew my attention in the first place. Where can I find a handwriting expert, or if not, what other support can I get without a subpoena? So I DID eventually find 15 years worth of signatures, notarized, with the same address of the one in question through deeds in public records. in short they are not even close. SO now I am looking for handwriting expert because I cannot subpoena the contractor because this is not in court at this point. I plan on going to ask him in person as well, but I am also looking for whatever else I can use to strengthen the notion of fraud.  [removed] The case is currently through New York State's Department of Housing and Community Renewal (DHCR). They are in charge of rent regulation and the laws governing it. This is done through correspondence where both parties submit evidence and documentation to the Housing Administrator who determines the ruling. It means I dont have to pay a lawyer or go through the courts, but it takes years (currently on year 3). I have a good case and this would be the last piece to dispute their only piece of evidence, which according to past rulings is already weak. I can drop this and go through New York Supreme court instead, but I do not think I can bring in any new evidence at that point... Which I assume would include a subpoena So at this point I'm looking for a way I can legally get a signature without the case being in actual court. Thanks again for the info though. Like I said, Im sure this case will go to court eventually, so this is good to know Not sure what you mean by "hasn't gone through the court system yet". You would need to be a party in an active lawsuit before you could subpoena the contractor. Thanks for the link, its really helpful to know I can do that. What if this hasnt gone through the court system yet? It may in the future go to supreme court, but I need to check because i think if you do that you cant bring in additional evidence. Thanks.. someone mentioned this above and I just wasnt sure if I could subpoena someone if it hadn't gone to court at this point and there wasn't a lawyer involved. I'm looking into it now! Yes, this is definitely my last resort option. I am first trying to find something official with on file paperwork so, as the 'hearing' through the housing authority is all by mail and written documents. Also to note, I did find another case where this particular persons signature i am looking for had already been to court with fraudulent paperwork (i have submitted that as well) he created, so I don't necessarily think he will be cooperative. Would there be access to those court documents? Comparing a single signature to another example signature isn’t determanitive. If you collected all the signatures I’ve made over the past month, you’d probably see three distinct styles, based on how tired I was, how much I was in a rush, etc. You don’t get a handwriting expert to try and compare it - you subpoena the person and ask “did you sign this”? []()  He could call up the contractors bank and ask but they probably wouldn't send it Can I do that if I'm not a lawyer and this hasnt gone to court yet? He is looking for someone else's signature, not his own. Why don't you just contact the contractor and verify if it is an accurate invoice or not? You could call up your bank and have them send you a copy of your signature card and then have a professional compare them Yes, this is about obtaining a signature in general, not about landlord tenant law or questions pertaining to those laws Subpoena the contractor and ask him if that is his signature. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.