 Location: Chicago, IL bar in a north side family neighborhood My ex and I had hung out regularly at a corner bar in our neighborhood. On my own, I had hung out there 2-3 times per week including the night we broke up. I was good friends with many staff and patrons and would often stay hours past close just hanging out. We had dated for six months and broken up when I found out he had lied about still being married to his second wife (who had moved out and left him over a year prior); she had seen us out together and immediately moved back into his house. A few nights after we broke up, my ex and his wife decided to go to this bar. I walked in, did not see them, and went to the back room where my friend was serving. He told me that my ex and his wife were there at the bar near the front door, so I sat in back and had a beer. I had written some cards for some of the staff so stopped over at the actual bar and handed them to the bartender. I avoided my ex and his wife, was as far away as I could be from them and did not even look their way although I stood there for maybe 3-5 minutes waiting for the bartender to come by. When she did, she told me that I could not be there, I asked her to pass the notes along and walked to the back of the bar. I sat back down at my table in the back (fully separated areas, no visibility) and cried quietly; a couple of my friends came by and offered to take me out the back exit so that I didn’t have to walk past them. We sat in the back employee-only area for maybe 10 minutes and then I left. I walked around the block and ran into a friend who was headed to that same bar, and explained the situation. He convinced me to hang out with him in the front patio area a few doors down near the bar. Although the area we were in was not visible from the bar, both my ex and his wife came out front to smoke and saw me there with 3-4 others (this was a common spot to congregate on this street). Later in the evening, after being told that my ex and his wife were gone, we tried to go back into the bar and were forcibly denied entry by the door bouncer. We were shocked and left immediately, apologizing, not knowing what was going on but assuming that my ex and his wife were still there. I never made a scene, never raised my voice, was not in any way physically violent nor was I over-served at any point that evening. I have since been told that I am not allowed to return to this bar. I moved out of the neighborhood in August and haven’t had an occasion or desire to go back. However, my friend is having a get together there and asked me to join them. Another friend is having a small party there next month. For additional context, I am a 38 year old white woman (not a protected class under Illinois or federal law). My question: is there any chance that banning me is illegal? Is it worth challenging the bar manager on this? My hunch is that although it certainly seems unfair, it’s probably perfectly within their rights. Insight would be appreciated.  Virtually every private and public establishment can ban you for any reason/no reason /the wrong reason at any time. Imagine if you ran a business and you suspect that someone may be issue that will affect your business and you had no power to ban them?! Silly huh?  Private business can ban people for anything other than protected class reasons, race, gender etc.  Then it's fine to ban you. Right - my point in sharing it was to make it clear up front that this doesn’t have a legal discrimination angle that could be argued. Thanks for your response.   Race is always a protected class, regardless of what race you are. But there's no evidence here that your ban was due to your race.  It's not illegal to ban a particular person from a bar. Even for reasons you think are silly or dumb. The only way it could be illegal is if you were kicked out because of your race, gender, sexual orientation, et cetera. You don't have that here. Everyone is a member of a protected class. Several, in fact. You can't(generally) be barred from a place because of your age, gender or race.  Yeah absolutely they can ban you. FYI race and gender are protected classes it doesn't matter what race and gender you are. You can't be kicked out of a bar for being white but that isn't what happened.