  About four years ago I had to move from (CA) back to my home state (IL) very quickly due to medical reasons. I had a scooter that I was unable to sell at the time because the DMV never sent me my title after multiple requests (thought its obviously still registered to me). I ended up leaving my scooter at the apartment complex at which I lived. I just got a call saying that I owe 3000 dollars for a towing and storage fee, as the scooter was towed in May. When I asked the collections person what happened to the scooter, they said they did not know. I recognize that this situation is completely my fault, and I should have taken the steps at the time to properly sell or dispose of the scooter, but I was stupid and concerned more about getting home to get the medical attention I needed. Honestly, I haven't thought about the scooter in about four years. $3000 is a lot of money for me. I understand that it is morally wrong to try and get out of this, but I am wondering what kind of options I have here. What are the repercussions of just not paying and trying to ignore it? I am assuming a hit to my credit etc. Thank You for your help.  That's good news, I think. They are more interested in getting some money than in "punishing you" for what you did "wrong".   CCP 351 the time of his absence is not part of the time limited for the commencement of the action. Well I had left it in the care of my buddies who I thought were going to take it (I don't blame them at all, this is my responsibility) . But I guess its just been sitting at the apartment complex I lived at.  That's definitely makes it more interesting. Where was it for those 3.5 years?  I did find this statue of limitations on a different thread on this sub. I am wondering if this would apply though since, even though I haven't seen the scooter in 4 years, it was only towed last May. Wouldn't that make it within the statue of limitations?  Have them verify the debt and make sure if the scooter was sold that was applied to any of the charges. If the 3 k is all valid you can try to negotiate with collections. They paid less to buy the debt so they might accept a lower figure to make things go quicker.  Looks like the statute of limitations on this is 2 years: : 1. An action upon a contract, obligation or liability not founded upon an instrument of writing =3. part=2. lawCode=CCP title=2. It might be worth a call to a real lawyer to verify, but you should be safe in telling them to go pound sand.  It seems it is a collections company asking for payment. When I asked them what happened to the scooter, they said they did not know. I just googled the number and it is a collection company, I'm not sure if I am allowed to name actual names on here but it is an debt enforcement agency.  Who is asking for payment? Has the tow company sold the scooter?  Not clear to whom you owe the money - is it a fine by the state, a penalty by the landlords, a claim by the towing company, or is this a collection company? Try offering them $500 to settle the debt. Thanks for your reply. This was my biggest fear, and I am assuming the fact that I now live across the country won't change anything. Is there anything I can do other than nothing that could help alleviate the cost? This is the first I am hearing of this, is there any precedent for contesting a full payment due to not being given notice? I realize I may be grasping at straws here. If you ignore it and do nothing, your credit is taking the hit. You may get sent to collections. You will most likely get sued and then have additional fees to pay such as court costs. The judge can have your wages garnished. 