 In 8th grade someone that had been in my class told me to kill myself. Not a huge deal, I got over it. But he said it again and again so much that I actually got depressed from it. In fact, I've tried to kill myself 3 times now Becuase of it. This hasn't stopped for years now and just a few days ago he hurt me physically to the point where I have bruises everywhere. He's a good lier and everyone likes him so he never gets in trouble. I've tried before but everyone likes him so nothing happens. This is just getting worse and worse. Anything I can do? I'm in high school. Canadian.  Whoa whoa whoa, I thought it way MY fault you wanted to die. Now it's all Kent's? So what was that shit you were saying about me being at the center of all this To anyone scrolling by, ignore this and have a nice day 1) For your personal well-being: Establish a support system. Start taking about this issue with friends, teachers and guidance counsellors. As someone said earlier having an adult by your side advocating for you is easier, than coping alone. 2) What you can do? Keep a note book with all the details of the trauma, and have your friends back you up with video of any of the abuse, doctor visits for injuries — to set up a timeline for a restraining order. Talk with your parents about switching schools or districts entirely. Switching schools is a nightmare but if you have a good relation with your parents then they could do that for you. Take a term off and work on Booklets or part-time via doctors note (again need a supportive guardian / PSA if you have an older 18+ sibling they can sign as your guardian). — These avenues worked well for a friend of mine who experience (girl/girl) bullying. As someone who grew up in a rough Canadian neighbourhood. Piece of advice, take some defence classes or take up a sport. Find confidence in who you are as a person. If someone is telling you these things they are psychologically fucked and are 10000% worse off then you are. Pity them, because high school is going to be their greatest accomplishment. You don’t need their B.S. and things will get better over time. Hope things work out OP. This is US-specific advise, OP is in Canada.  If u have a smart phone. learn how to use the recorder on it and start getting this stuff recorded. it can record from inside your pocket. As others have stated already, tell someone ASAP.  [removed] First of all, this shouldn’t be happening. I’m really sorry that it is. You don’t deserve it. How is your relationship with your parents? Can you tell them what’s going on? The school and police have ignored you, which again is wrong. They are much less likely to ignore an adult. You need an adult to be advocating for you. I hope you can go to your parents, but if they also don’t take you seriously, do you have a teacher or other staff member at the school that you trust? People who work with kids (like teachers) are called mandatory reporters. That means if they suspect a kid is in trouble, they’re legally required to report it to the proper authorities. If the next time your parents or you speak with the school, and they still don’t do anything, you can call CPS (child protective services) yourself. You should definitely tell them that the school has been made aware of this and they haven’t done anything about it. Legal advice aside: I was bullied horribly starting in middle school too. I was so embarrassed and ashamed that I didn’t tell my parents what was going on, or try to get the school to stop it. Please don’t make that mistake. You haven’t done anything wrong. You’re the victim of awful, abusive behavior, and you don’t deserve to suffer through it. Whatever the outcome with the school or the police, you should ask your parents to help you find a therapist. Don’t settle on the first one if you don’t like them. You should find a therapist you trust and can really talk to, that’s important.  Take the advice given here. Talk to your parents, document everything and be very vocal about it. You are very important, this piece of sh\t that has been bullying you knows nothing and should mean nothing to you. This isn't something you should hide from your parents, or from school administrators. Kudos to you for asking for help. Even if it is online, is time to act. In a few years you will look back and understand that this loser was wrong all along. If you feel you need to talk to someone call 1.833.456.4566 the Canadian Suicide Prevention Services or text them at 45645. You are not alone.  Just a small protip, school administrations are terrified of lawyers. If you even mention legal actions, like saying "do I need to get a lawyer?" they are a lot more likely to work with you. This is just advice for if they want to strongarm you for something or other though, for what to say in the moment. How have your parents reacted to this? If they're helping, your family really needs to look into getting a lawyer. Also do you have any trusted teachers? Also, save all of your videos and pictures in a Google drive account so nobody can really get to them, and you can send them to people easily.  Show the pictures they ignored to other higher ups in the school and expose those teachers out for not helping you. That's not cool. The adults at your school should always have your back! Someone will help you! Just keep on documenting everything and taking it to other more qualified teacher/admin/reception/principal etc. until they do something to help protect yourself from this bully. You get the picture and I really hope this helps you. It frustrates me to no avail knowing you are going through this. I really hope you find some peace where you happen to get your education. Life will go on and only get better for you so hang in there. Have you ran it up the chain of commands? [From this website]() try to work with your parents (if possible) to bring your incident to the attention of the people listed: You can probably skip the teacher thing since this has been happening over the span of a few years. I know this advice may not be as helpful as you are looking for, but I do hope you do get this resolved. [removed] All I can say is tell your parents that you've been abused by another child in school and your school took no action. Escalate the situation to the point of where it cannot be ignored. How? Tell your parents and this. Also take photographs and records on when you've told and such. Maybe they aren't taking you seriously cuz they see you as a kid. But tell your parents. Counselors. Etc.  I mean the police. I've talked to the school Nad even the police. I've showed pictures and videos but they don't do anything.  Who have you told? If you’ve told one person and they didn’t take it seriously, you need to keep telling people until they do. If he lays hands on you and the school does nothing, call the police. Photograph your bruises, keep a record.