 Hi, I’m not quite sure what category this falls under or if this post even belongs here, but I’ll start at the very beginning. I’m a 24 year old female living in MA and my harasser is a 28 year old male who’s last known address is in upstate NY. In January 2018, I met this guy on an online dating app. He said he was in my area for a while visiting an army buddy. We went out and got coffee three times and got dinner one time. He seemed completely normal and fairly intelligent the first three times I met him. However, the fourth time he seemed very unhinged and told me a variety of things that made me never want to interact with him again including that he was an army ranger, that his sister had a restraining order against him, that he had supposedly been tortured by some government agency, and that he had a kid that he supposedly owed a lot of money in child support for. After ending this dinner date, I tried to have as little contact with him as possible. I tried to let him down gently and told him that I was getting too busy with my masters program to really see anyone. Unfortunately, he wouldn’t take no for an answer and took to messaging me on Facebook after I had blocked his phone number. I then told him to stop contacting me and blocked him on Facebook, only to get a message from a new phone number about a month later, which I knew was him. I told him to stop contacting me, and blocked that number. After this, about every 2-3 months I would hear from him using a new Facebook account. Just when I thought he was gone for good, he would be back again messaging me nonsensical, sexually explicit, and aggressive things. At one point, he was apparently back in my area for a music festival around July 4th. He told me that he was going to come visit me and that he knew where I lived. I spent the entire night alone and terrified because my family and neighbors were away. I called some friends for support but they all seemed to think that I was overreacting and that this guy was full of it, so I hesitated to report this. I blocked this Facebook account, only to find him messaging me with another one a few days later. This continued into August when he finally seemed to go away. I graduated from my master’s program and found a job in a local city and thought I was finally rid of him for good until the first week of December when I saw him about a block away from my new workplace. At first I thought I might be going crazy so I was hesitant to report this incident. I thought I could just try and forget about it and move on until last Monday when he texted me something sexually explicit and vile from a new phone number. I immediately knew it was him, so I told him to go away and that if he contacted me again, I would be calling the police. I did not hear from him again that day or on Tuesday, so I thought he might have gotten the message. Unfortunately, that was not the case. Wednesday I saw him while I was out getting lunch close to my workplace. As soon as soon as I saw him, I turned around and headed back to work. About 10 minutes later I got another message from that same new phone number calling me dumb and saying that he didn’t care if I contacted the police. I left work early that day and went straight to my hometown police department where I was able to speak to a police officer about this situation. He was disturbed by the messages and attempted to contact him to ask him to stop contacting me with both of the numbers that I had for him. One was no longer in service and the other seemed to be for a burner phone that only accepted text messages. It was at this point that the officer suggested I attend court the next day to try and get a harassment order against this person. After quite a bit of back and forth with the judge, he finally agreed to issue me a temporary harassment order against this person as he stated I could not prove that the harassing messages were indeed coming from this person. He told me I would have to be back in court in 10 days with more information and that I would have to come back every 10 days indefinitely if this person could not be served. A day later I called his local police department to inquire if he had been served. I was told that they had attempted to serve him at his fathers home in town but that his father stated that he no longer lives there and that he has no idea where his son is or how to contact him. I was also told that this guy has a record of multiple orders of protection that have been served to him at that address, and that someone who is not his father reported him as a missing person which is concerning to say the least. At this point I just want him to leave me alone and not come near me, but it seems there is no guarantee of that. I’ve been unable to sleep very well and when I do sleep I have nightmares of him coming after me. I really want to figure out if there is anything else I can do or should be doing to ensure that he stays away from me and my workplace and what else I might be able to do to protect myself. Any advice is greatly appreciated! buy a gun  Update me please...   There are personal alarms you can carry, little fobs for your keychain, they are cheap on Amazon and if you drive a newer model car, a lot have alarms on the fobs, as well. Remember, if something happens, you want ppl looking for the noise, more eyes on you/him. Also, the police or the Martial arts gyms can suggest a physical safety class. Tell your friends and family this is happening and have set plans. Be alert to your home and how it looks from every angle, notice things that are out of the ordinary. If it feels wrong, leave. Come back with someone. We used to take security classes for our homes and cars. I’m not sure if groups offer this type of thing. Report incidents to the police. Keep your own journal of incidents/sightings. I’m sorry this is happening to you.   Have you considered buying a gun and taking a self protection class? The man is crazy. You don't want to be trying to talk your way out of whatever craziness is consuming him and coming after you for. Protection orders are meaningless to a person like this. They are literally pieces of paper with unintelligible words on them to him. He probably believes it's a furthering of the "government torture" he is delusional about. According to MA law the order has to be served within 90 days. And it may be made by leaving the documents at his residence. So you should see if proper service has been made and a "return of service" entered in the court records. If not, then you have to petition the court for an "order of notice".  Wow, thank you so much for that. I think that this information will be very helpful to me! I have a lot of family in Mass, so I've been thinking about this. Read this link And google : ex parte Massachusetts  well it sounds like it could be a win-win situation for you. Either he leaves you alone you win or he tries to contact or preferable try to come near you in public again and you get him served :). Try not to stress too much he either leaves you a lone or maybe you see him again but be ready to make a phone call to have him served and/or have the pi on standby too and then he can follow him home. It would be a big win if you could do both get him served and have the pi on him.  I’ve talked to the Cambridge police about this and they told me that if I carry the order with me and call 911 if I see him, they should be able to do this. However, no one who knows him has seen him in a considerable amount of time. My parents hired a PI to try and track this guy down and he’s at a loss as for how to find him. He has no valid license, or insurance, or anything. Somehow he’s very good at lying low. I know his main goal is just to make me terrified and crazy and he’s god damn good at it too, but as much as I may be terrified of him I’m kind of hoping he tries to contact me again or that I see him again so that just maybe he gets hit with the book. Or something else. Since you seem to be running into him occasionally near your work why can't you have someone on standby that serve's for the court that you can call when seeing him and have him served?  Thank you for this, I’m carrying mace and looking to get my FID card for a stun gun. We’ve also started using our alarm again. You're doing all the right things as far as police involvement. While I can't help you with the first part of your question, about getting him to stay away from you, I can suggest some things you can do to protect yourself. Consider taking a self-defense class for women. Several, actually. It'll make you feel less afraid, and that helps you take the power back, if that makes sense. I don't know MA laws, so find out (start with Google) if you can carry mace with you. Consider also a tactical flashlight (basically a really bright flashlight with sharp pointy bits, so both a light and a stabber), which is a normal accessory on your keychain, but also a useful one. The light itself can be blinding, and the stabby bits will also help your confidence level. Those are every day options. If you really, REALLY feel the need to go nuclear, look into whether your state has an Address Confidentiality Program. That'll help you become completely unlisted on your next move, and will require a fairly thorough lifestyle change, like changing your phone number, staying off social media, notifying your work and co-workers of your need for privacy, getting an alternative mailbox through the state, and another one for packages at a local UPS store, and being very conscious of every person or place that has your real address and phone number. It's not a simple way to live, but it's a much safer way to live. At home, make sure you have a door lock you trust, and consider adding another hotel-style one. If you are on the first floor, make sure your windows lock. If they don't, and you rent, ask your Landlord what they can do to help you, and explain that you have an active stalking situation. You can also call the local Domestic Violence shelter for more information on whether your state has a confidential program, or other helpful tips they can give you to stay safe. You want and NEED to feel safe at home, and if you do not, almost every state also has a required provision in statute to allow you to break a lease and move in certain DV related situations, including stalking by someone outside the home. If you would be comfortable, consider taking a women's firearms class as well, and the possibility of adding a firearm to your home. That's a step you only take after you have the training and the confidence to understand that a gun is a tool to help you protect yourself. If you have fear of firearms, but you're willing to receive training, go for it. If you have a deeper fear and know you'd always feel unsafe with a gun in your home, then don't go for it. And of course, every state's laws are a little different, but the local firearms training folks can help you navigate what kind of training would help you become more comfortable, and whether the choice of carrying a firearm regularly or at home or not at all is the right one for you. Source: Female with a 18 year long and counting stalking situation. I am not afraid, though. Not since the day I realized I had no qualms about hurting someone who was going to hurt me. We've been in confidentiality programs for a very long time, and live a normal life, aside from the Glock I conceal carry when I feel the need. Hugs to you, internet stranger, and I hope you get closure and safety. You should reconsider reporting him....do so, every single time. You want to create a history here, so the authorities will be aware of his actions. Really does sound like stalking and cyber stalking. Possibly could file charges for both. As you’ve repeatedly asked him to stop contacting you, this certainly would be harassment too. People like that are very much worth the extra effort for your personal safety. And for the safety of those near and dear to you as well.  [removed] [removed] I am currently making efforts to try and get a stun gun and have begun carrying mace. I am vehemently anti gun (a degree in public health will do that to you). It may not be lethal, but at least it’s something.