 My roommate has a history of anger issues and has permanently damaged the eye sight of his girlfriends cat in the past through abuse. He has stated that it was an isolated incident and claims that he loves my cat and has no problem with her though yesterday when i got home my cat was not at the door to greet me like she is everyday and i thought this was strange. I looked all over for her and finally found her under the couch. I got her out and she was not able to put any weight on her back right leg and whines when i pick her up and she will not move from a spot once she is set there. The leg does move a bit so i don't think she is paralyzed but I fear a break, I have an appointment scheduled for her later today to get x-rays. The roommate in question is usually only home for about an hour or two a day and this is before I am home from work so we don't see each other much or have a chance to speak in person. I texted him right away asking what he did to my cat and he immediately replied saying how he was sorry and that she was under his covers on his bed and that he jumped on her (I have more than a few reasons to believe that this in not at all how it went down and that it was abuse though cannot prove anything) and that she was fine and ran away directly after. I'm a pretty fresh college graduate living in a new city and money is tight right now as i'm starting out. I love my cat, she is the sweetest, cuddliest girl you will ever meet and I need to take her to the vet. I am worried about affording the medical bill as the initial exam and x-rays can cost up to $500 and I cannot afford this. Should my roommate be held responsible for these costs? Is that something that I could potentially enforce if he refuses to cover the medical expenses? Thanks in advance for any advice.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. Did I ever say instantly? Lol so how about he just gives up his cat to keep her safe and keeps living with the psycho. that was sarcastic since you have trouble reading what people actually mean you can file s police report immediately. That just takes calling the non emergency line and showing the text messages.  Some people act like you can just break a lease, move out, file a police report, find a new place to live, etc. in an instant. Really these comments are not helpful.  I think that you are unlikely to see a recovery from your flatmate unless you have more evidence, but I would like to offer a couple of solutions to handling your radiology billing. CareCredit is a good option in the heat of the energency; in the future, check out housepet insurance.   Pet vet loans  Put a damn good lock on your door and keep kitty locked in your room if you absolutely can't find some place for her to stay until you can move out. Yeah, your landlord might take security deposit money for the damage, but fuck that because a living creature is in danger. I would take the cat to the vet as soon as possible. Could you ask friends or family for help with the bills and a nice place for your cat to recuperate. I would not bring the cat back to the apartment. I would never let the roommate near your cat again. I think you should seriously consider calling the ASPCA or police on him. Someone who harms animals is dangerous and not normal. I would consider moving out as soon as you can. I can imagine your emotions, I am a cat owner myself. I think you would be able to recover vet coasts from your roommate.  This is a solid suggestion. File a police report for animal abuse and move out before this guy gets angry at you Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. As others have seid you can sue him for the vet bills, but I'd have a look at you lease and see what will allow you to be removed from it first. It might be worth wild, to bargain, say you'll wave the vet fees if he takes over the lease in full or finds another roomate. Tell him your main concern is your cats safety, nothing more. Make sure you do this with the landlord, and take pictures of your apartment before leaving. Document everything. It will be less trouble then suing him, collecting the money, and finding money and time to move. He might not like it, but he will be more willing. I do worry about your cats safety mostly, healing in that enivorment isn't good or safe. The vet will have a good understanding of what may have happened to your cat. A bone fracture, or displacement from being jumped on is different then being kicked or thrown. Edit: A word He told you a story which was basically admitting to causing the dog harm, if the injury doesnt match what he said then he is hiding something. The cops may take his confession to you and it not adding up with the injury plus his previous history of harming animals and decide it is worth persuing. Definitely worth a try. I agree, it's beyond messed up if he did hurt her and the first thing i'm going to do is ask the vet if he thinks the injury is conducive of the story my roommate told. There will never be any proof though other than what ever the doctor says and i doubt anything criminal could come from that unfortunately. I was thinking that it might have to be a small claims courts type case. My only experience there is watching Judge Judy when I was younger so i'm not to sure what to expect.  This is what I am worried about as well. I can never trust him again with anything really and I would like to see about potentially getting out of my lease and finding a new place to live.  It seems like you have a great interest in law, which is excellent and I hope you continue to learn more about it. But you keep making very certain assertions that aren't panning out, so many reel in your phrasing a bit if you plan on talking to others about the law. Like in this comment, a civil case has a lower burden of proof and one of this nature is typically found upon after one day in court. In criminal court, the burden is beyond a reasonable doubt and the process often takes much longer since multiple dates must be set even before the trial phase. The statue of limitations is also typically shorter in civil court. So OPs best course of action would be to sue now should the roommate refuse payment and not wait around for a shot in the dark in criminal court.  Most serial killers never hurt animals. Sure he should be penalized if he abused the cat. But you gave advice the OP didn't ask for and didn't give the OP the advice they did ask for.  First thing, OP can't press charges, DAs do that. Then pressing charges also doesn't address her concern, which is paying for the vet bill. It doesn't matter if his version of events is true or a lie, he is responsible for the vet bill so they need to ask for payment and sue in small claims court if they don't get it.  You can try suing him for the vet bills if he does not want to pay voluntarily but you'll have to pay upfront for that to work. However, I think you should have another large concern here which is where your cat is going to live when you bring her home from the vet since your apartment is apparently not a safe environment. 