 6 months ago I moved across country, to Florida, found a job quickly. I work in a call center. I've worked a ridiculous amount to get myself to the next step in life. I moved into a 2bd 2ba apartment, with a coworker 5 months ago - who seemed normal, late twenties,fellow veteran, hard worker. About a month and a half into the lease he quit working. He hasnt been looking for a job, and was lying to me about doing such. He hasnt paid rent, except for the first month, he's paid a utility, and he pretty openly told me he used check fraud for the money he did manage to get. He sits and does Meth all day ( I had never seen it or really known anyone in real life who did it. Call me sheltered but I didn't know the signs of a user and he was clean when I first met him) . I smoke the occasional joint or bowl, but this is way way not cool. I feel unsafe all the time. My shit randomly goes missing. His name is on the lease too. I don't know what to do. Please help. I'll look into it. I can't really do anything til Wednesday, most stuff is shut down. I'd see if you could get a consult with a criminal defense lawyer. Thanks I appreciate just someone to discuss this with. What type of lawyer would handle this?  I'd also enlist a lawyer (should've said that up front). As for getting him off the lease, that'll have to be the landlord to decide but I imagine they'd be happy to get someone out of their apartments who's actively using meth. It might not be a terrible idea to set aside a little money to look into getting another place in case everything goes south. If you have the money for this, you might be able to line up a new place before the eviction takes place. I'm not sure about Florida, but in my state landlords need to give you 30 days notice to vacate, but some give 60 to hope you pay up before then. Good luck. It's a shit circumstance to be in. I think that's what I'm going to have to do. If I call the police, and they do arrest him, is there a way to get him off the lease? How do I prove to the police that it's not mine and I have nothing to do with it? (From my understanding everything is in his room) NAL but you should bite the bullet and call the police. Source: Had a similar situation but I _didn't_ involve the police, _did_ get eviction on my history and it took years to resolve. My meth-head roommate also broke down and "paid" rent with a forged check after he took my half of the rent and bought more meth. I know it sucks, but speak with the police and your landlord.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. [removed]