 About two years ago I got into a car accident. I was a passenger and my friend was the driver and he was at-fault. We were both drunk and it was my 21st birthday. I don’t remember the accident, but the car flipped and I was ejected. A significant portion of skin on my right knee is gone and I had a lot of glass embedded in my knee. I went to the ER that night and was clear of head damage. I also had a knee arthroscopy a week later to remove ~20 shards of glass that had become embedded in my knee. that took several months to recover from. While I was recovering from the injury at my parents house my mom took a phone call from the at-faults insurance and told me to talk to them. I initially declined because I thought that I shouldn’t but she insisted. I answered everything honestly and then went back to sleep. Later on I found out from my lawyer that i should not have taken that phone call and I may have cost me a lot of money. Fast forward ~2 years and the case settled for 75k. My lawyer told me that had I not taken that phone call he could have settled for at least 100k. And a friend of mine had a similar accident and settled for 125k. Is there anything I can do about it now? Should I be mad at my mother for forcing me to take that call? Do you believe I was fairly compensated or should I have gotten more? This is as much a legal advice question as a moral question as I don’t know how I should feel about everything that transpired. There is a 3” x 3” patch of missing skin on my knee that looks quite horrific and my doctor told I might have a heightens risk of arthritis in my knee later in life. Oh lmao totally read this wrong. That makes waaaay more sense.  Are you thinking that OP had to pay $75k? Because that's not what happened, they received $75k, which isn't insane considering they were ejected from the vehicle and required surgery to remove glass from their knee. I don’t know what was said in this phone call but even 75k for a passenger of a drunk driver sounds absolutely insane unless you were trying to grab the wheel or something. It’s settled now so you can talk about it, wanna fill me in on what their theory of your culpability was just to satisfy my curiosity? And don't get into cars driven by drunk people, seatbelt or no seatbelt You didn't have to talk on the phone, and regardless, nobody here can speculate in a meaningful way what the outcome would have been if you had done things differently. p.s. Wear your seat belt.  Of course you can't do anything about it now. You've settled the case. No one here can say whether you were fairly compensated because the long term injuries are unknown, we don't know what kind of insurance policy was in effect, we don't know what you said that hurt your case, etc. Your attorney told you that you shouldn't have made the statements you did and that you possibly hurt your claim by talking to them. I assume you didn't have a lawyer at the time. You can be mad at your mom, just tell her that you're upset and won't take advice from her in the future. That isn't a legal issue. Your question is impossible for answer. For one thing, it's not clear how one phone call could have affected that much. Presumably your lawyer may have explained why, but nobody else can since we weren't there and don't know the facts. Secondly, settlements can vary wildly. Your settlement should be based on your damages (i.e. medical bills and lost wages) with a certain amount on top for 'pain suffering', but the P S portion depends on your lifestyle, the exact severity of your injury, etc. Was this 75k the total settlement, and if so, how much of that went to medical bills, how much to your lawyer, and how much to you? And ditto for your friend with the 125k settlement. You can't compare raw numbers without more detail. It's entirely possible your friend got a bigger settlement but actually got less money coming to him directly. You could, and should have said "I will not answer any questions without my lawyer present". You're an adult, and unless your mom was holding a gun to your head, she was not forcing you to do anything.  There is no way for us to tell, far too much information is missing. Your lawyer is the person who should know. It is certainly possible, if you gave information that would help them reduce their liability or the extent of your injuries/other damages. There's no chance of you recovering anything from your mother, to get that out of the way. Legally speaking, as a competent adult, your decision to speak to the other party's attorneys without representation is your responsibility, even if you didn't understand the possible consequences. You're completely free to be angry with her, though. I'm sure she thought she meant well, but her advice - and her insistence on overruling your own judgement - likely did reduce your recovery from this suit.