 I’m from NC, I recently was arrested in FL on possession of marijuana in excess of 20 grams (52.4) and possession of paraphernalia. Upon being pulled over, the officer told me I was pulled over initially for not coming to a complete stop when turning right out of a hotel parking lot. I did a little research and haven’t seen anything in FL law stating you have to come to a complete stop when leaving private property and proceeding to public, only to yield to oncoming traffic. He smelled marijuana odor giving him probably cause to conducted his search. Me and my gf who were both on scene told him exactly what was in the vehicle, prior to him finding it. On the affidavit, it simply states I was “involved in a traffic stop” yet there’s nothing on the report about the reason I was stopped. I’d like some clarity on whether or not I was even justly pulled over in the first place, and If my attorney and I could use that in my case/defense? 316.125: Vehicle entering highway from private road or driveway or emerging from alley, driveway or building. – (1) – The driver of a vehicle about to enter or cross a highway from an alley, building, private road or driveway shall yield the right-of-way to all vehicles approaching on the highway to be entered which are so close thereto as to constitute an immediate hazard. (2) – The driver of a vehicle emerging from an alley, building, private road or driveway within a business or residence district shall stop the vehicle immediately prior to driving onto a sidewalk or onto the sidewalk area extending across the alley, building entrance, road or driveway, or in the event there is no sidewalk area, shall stop at the point nearest the street to be entered where the driver has a view of approaching traffic thereon and shall yield to all vehicles and pedestrians which are so close thereto as to constitute an immediate hazard. (3) – A violation of this section is a noncriminal traffic infraction, punishable as a moving violation as provided in chapter 318. Not to answer your specific question, but are you aware you are looking at a mandatory minimum of 3 years. Up to 15 years in prison for this? Source:  I think Fl statute 316.123 covers this and it would be a moving infraction. So yes he had P.C. 