 Has anyone else experienced this or have found a way to combat this? So, I purchased an insurance plan for a computer when I bought it. The employee in-store and the pamphlet clearly state "Accident Protection" with examples such as liquid damage, screen cracking, etc. with picture examples. Well lo and behold - I have dropped my laptop and cracked the screen. Trying to file my claim and now the policy does not cover "accidental damage." I read closely in the terms and conditions and it says "accidental damage" not covered by the policy. At what point is this blatant false advertising and can anything be done? When the distributed pamphlet is geared towards "Accidental Damage" and the employees preach it's for "accidental damage" when the policy has nothing to do with accidental damage?  The policy language itself is most likely going to be based on standardized forms approved by your state. I don’t think you are going to get any traction attacking the legalese. I believe your valid complaint should lie in the misleading marketing (verbal representations) made in connection with a sale of the policy. Verbal misrepresentations are a classic problem of interests for insurance regulators. That’s your angle. Thanks, I will consider trying the letter tactic. I am placing slightly more blame on the insurance company than the computer store - just based on the writing, description on the insurance. Although, the employees' backing up the false information certainly didn't help. I do still have the pamphlet. It looks like it's a subcategory of insurance offered by one of the nationwide insurance providers for cars/homes/etc.  That seems an argument for false advertising. Do you still have the pamphlet? Is the insurance program run by the store itself, or are they a standalone national program? Your best recourse would be to file a complaint with your state’s department of insurance. There is a low but possible chance they will investigate. You could also try writing a letter to the CEO of the computer store. Yeah, completely understand that as far as getting my claim honored. My parents are older and purchased the laptop and bought the insurance policy. I’m mostly upset because I feel like this was extremely purposely misleading. At what point can you make the company liable for false advertising? The insurance provider’s informational pamphlet is all about accident protection and then actually not provide accident protection?  The only real protection is to read the fine print before signing. If there's a problem with the way the staff are pitching it, then you can certainly complain to the store management. But ultimately, since you had those terms and conditions available at the time of purchase, I don't imagine any legal recourse being available.