 As the title says, my roommate (R1) owes money to my other roommate (R2) and I. We are living in some apartments next to our university so we met during our first year and decided to live together. Let’s just say that our 3 years together has been awful because R1 doesn’t want to help out in the house.. R1 actually signed us up to be a tour house - which entails our landlord using our entire apartment as a show room for prospective clients. What R1 forgot to mention is that we actually get $50 dollars per person that signs a lease after viewing our apartment. The money is then totalled and distributed via check; however, it was put in R1’s name, and R1 had the responsibility of dividing the check. Since R1 never told us, she kept all the money for the last 2 years. This year, R1 decided to sign us up again to be the tour house, but decided not to communicate with us or the landlord on when tours will be and when we have to make sure our rooms are clean. So our landlord began to communicate with R2 and I, he told us a couple months ago about the money that is supposed to be given to us and that’s how we figured out she owes us money. This year we are supposed to be getting about $300 each. So we have assumed that the money we are supposed to be getting, minimum, $200 each per year. R1 has now decided she wants to charge us money for Wifi and shut off our wifi whenever she pleases because we have to pay her. However, because we feel like the money she owes us is far more important than wifi, we have attempted to confront R1 about the money and she denied it. R2 and I have tried to talk to our landlord about the details of checks and stuff to confirm she does owe us money, but the landlord has told us he has no access to those previous records because a previous employee took his old laptop that has all those notes. All he can do is confirm that he did give the check, but doesn’t have access to the numbers. I feel like R2 and I are shit out of luck.. and should have been smarter when it came to this stuff, but we never even thought something like this would happen. Is there any type of legal path I can take on this matter? Do we have grounds to request back pay? What can we do? Thanks in advance.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.