 I have a question where the answer will settle a debate. My wife and I are renters in MA. We have a 19 year old daughter who is a full time student. The only bills in her name are her car loan and car insurance. We provide all other support while she lives here. Where she is a adult, are we within our right to establish a curfew and legally enforce it? We don't have a reason to, while she isn't perfect, she is resonable and by far are more responsible 19 yo that I was. The rules would be something like: Midnight curfew No leave between midnight and 6am Is this legal where she is an adult?  Yes but if i were a parent i would not so much enforce curfews like that because if by chance she is at someones house having a get together/party and having few drinks she could end up with a dui or worse trying to drive home in time just to make curfew even if shes not ready or sober enough to. Perhaps make it clear to her that if she is going to drink or whatever not to ever drive home . She can call you anytime or use uber but whatever she does just dont drive if she has even one drink or even one puff of weed. You would rather come get her than have anything happen and or take a drug like meth to sober up enough to drive home. Hopefully that doesnt come up ever as an option but it did happen to me not knowing at the time just what the drug was. I had a curfew i was almost 21.  Way to infer something imaginary I wasn't even the one proposing the idea I'm just the one with the Reddit account that asked the question.but thanks to your vigilance I know and reaffirmed my belief that the Internet is just a bunch of assholes You are looking at it from the wrong perspective. You optionally pay for her to go school. You don't have to provide anything for her except to not illegally evict her at this point because she's an adult. Make the agreement based upon her continuing to receive tuition and all other optional forms of support from you if she doesn't make curfew. It's pretty damn hard to go out and party all night when you can't afford to do anything.  Again, this wasn't a plan, it was asking a question to settle understanding of a hypothetical situation.  of course. i’m with OP’s daughter because OP sounds like a horrible person to have to deal with.  We don't know yet. We did find out she's been skipping 3-4 classes a week. This was finals week so we will see. I remember what I was thinking when I was 19 and freaking out, skipping classes, etc. I won't kick her out, my parents changed the locks and threw my shit on the street when I was 17. Local cops said "tough shit" and would help. Actually said they would ticket me for littering if I didn't take my stuff I'd hate to think she feels as helpless as I did while having two loving parents who are here to support her. Well you can always threaten to not provide things for her anymore if she doesn't follow your rules. Or you could have a chat with her, you describe her as a pretty reasonable and responsible person. Maybe instead of trying to iron-fist your way into controlling her, you could just sit down and come up with house rules that meet in the middle of treating her like an adult but are also respectful to everyone in the house. And by kicking out I hope you mean after following the correct legal process because OP's daugter has some rights in this situation. has she been getting bad grades?  Yea this sounds unnecessary and controlling. Like you just want to enforce power over her even though you said she's more responsible than you were. Sounds like she turned out good despite your shitty parenting. No you cannot legally create a curfew for a tenant in your home. That is insane. Because I may not want my 19yo staying out to all hours of the night while I'm paying 15k a semester for college while she lives at home. I think it’d be best if you just kicked her out besides making her feel like just a tenant and not your daughter  why would you need to do this? 