 We are in contact with a lawyer I just wanted to know if we need to go about getting any kind of restraining order, or no contact order to keep him from coming back around. For context he threw this little girl who is a 3 year old non-verbal autistic child so hard he broke her femur and several ribs, and she's ended up with lacerations on her liver. We don't want him to have any ability to see his daughter (who is in the custody of my girlfriend) and potentially do the same thing to her. Just a caveat here, if you feel that his CO isn’t taking the case seriously you can and should absolutely go to the next higher Commander. If he’s active duty, there’s a good chance his CO will take care of it if he’s worth a shit. Sweeping shit under the rug can and does implement a chain of reliefs for any command team involved.  I'm not a lawyer, but I get where you're coming from and I wholeheartedly agree. Just to add one final thing, this could be handled with an email, if she has it. I'd say something along the lines of: Sir, This is xxxxx, I spoke with you earlier regarding xxxxx. I just wanted to let you know that I have (insert name here)'s confession regarding the incident in both voicemail and text. Please let me know if you would like copies of this information. (Her name) Officers in the military are extraordinarily busy and work crazy hours, especially when they have situations like this to deal with on top of their normal duties. I once had a Commander that worked 5am to about 9pm nearly every day for 6 months because of a few legal issues in the unit. He would come spend most of the work day dealing with whatever shenanigans happened as part of the service members' legal problems, and was forced to accomplish his actual job tasks either before or after normal duty hours. I know for a fact that he/she would be appreciative of the opportunity to respond when time allows instead of having to stop whatever task they're doing or playing phone tag.  If your girlfriend has an attorney, I would encourage her attorney to have the CPS records subpoenaed. A family court judge would definitely give those records credence when determining if the child is safe in her father’s home. I will definitely let her know to contact his CO again. Thank you so much for your reply. All we want is for this to be handled appropriately and to keep my girlfriend's kid safe. CPS was involved before we were notified of the incident. They have already taken the children away from him and his wife.  I am a CPS investigator. Do you know if the incident with the new wife’s child was reported to CPS? If not, I would encourage you to make a report and include any pertinent information you are privy to regarding that incident to CPS. I noticed in an earlier reply you stated your girlfriend had recordings and texts of him admitting to injuring the child. Please notify the child abuse and neglect hotline that she has those. The CPS report should be made to the state that your girlfriend’s ex-husband and his new wife reside. Please locate the appropriate state and its hotline on this list: =rols:main.dspList rolType=Custom RS_ID=%205 As for your girlfriend’s child, if your girlfriend is concerned about her child’s safety, she could file for an emergency custody order with the family court. This is one of those things that the JAG Corps is really good at handling. With a good Command team/JAG relationship, they can get matters handled within a day or so. If she's so inclined, she can reach out to the CO again and let them know about the admissions of guilt that she has, I'm sure it would help speed up the process My girlfriend spoke with his CO earlier, and she acted like it is going to be dealt with. She has recorded phone calls and voice mails of him admitting that he did it.  My girlfriend spoke with his CO earlier. She acted like it was going to be dealt with. Call his CO and explain what happened provide documentation if you can. If he is in the military, contact his unit commander and tell them what is happening. This can be quicker than dealing with local law enforcement.  Thanks so much. I just wanted to make sure that we were taking the appropriate actions. I don't want to give him a chance to hurt anyone else if I can help it. Got it. Then yes. Filing an emergency custody order is appropriate. An attorney is the best one to help you with this.  Yes, the child that was injured is his new wife's child. The one I'm trying to protect is my girlfriend's child. To clarify: You are asking about custody of a different child than the one thrown correct? A lawyer is your best bet right now. They can tell you what the best options are right now. An RO might be an option. 