 Long story short I come from an abusive house hold and at 19 chose to leave abruptly after a fight with my parents. When I tried to negotiate with them for a chance to gather my things they were hostile. With naive hope of retaining some form of family relationship I have not gotten law involved, but it's been 4 months and I can not sign any lease paperwork without my identification. All I have to show who I am is my w-2 paperwork and my I-9 paperwork from work. Is their anyway of me being able to get replacements with that paperwork and maybe my bank statement? Or will I have to go in front of a judge and get this handled? Parents will not relinquish my paperwork until I tell them where I currently live, who with, and where I've been. I will not tell them this information for my own personal safety. I feel like I shouldn't have to lie to be able to get my paperwork back. Any help or advice will be vary much appreshiated. I've tried calling the DPS but I only get automated responses and their is never a mention of the paperwork that I have or will need in order to get replacements. I live in Texas and am 19.   Open a new bank account --- at a different bank from the one you were using and hopefully different from your parents -- and transfer the funds from the old bank to new bank. Get a certified copy of your birth certificate by ordering one from the state. []() (Not sure about TX but in some states you have to know the county in which you were born.) Freeze your credit I believe you can get a replacement SS card with your birth certificate but it's easy enough to check for the paperwork requirements. How to get a replacement driving license: If you used it when you filled out your I9 for your job your employer should have a photocopy. You can get the number that way. Once you have that you can get a replacement social security card and birth certificate. Banks also have processes to replace lost/stolen debit cards.  I would send a registered letter asking for the right to retrieve your property from your parents, including a specified method and time frame. I would give them a viable method to contact you, a burner email. This is not a negotiation. Ask for your stuff. Your employer should have a photo copy of your driver's license and social security card. Take this to get a new birth certificate. Tell your story. Determine what is the path of least resistance, meeting the needs of the records place, or getting legal representation.  It’s yours, id ask a police officer to go with you to get it 