 [[Original Post] ](=JPOCSOZ0 sh=6e13cd3a) We hired a lawyer and are proceeding with appeal. So now IDFPR have an investigator who asked for the last 10 years of history from my wife 2007-2017. In 2007 she was 17 and finishing up high school in Ukraine and so we didn’t put that. Now they are latching onto that and want information about her. She was a minor. Can they even ask for that? Also the reason for denial is that the prosecutor (who is a horrible person that yelled at my wife and said she’s lying and probably paid someone to take all the tests and fake experience) says someone under my wife’s name and social applied for a cosmetology license in 2014. My wife was attending Harper then and thinking to get into a nursing program. Someone called her then from IDFPR asking if she applied for A Cosmetology license and she said no she didn’t. They asked if they should cancel the application and she said yes. Probably should have looked into it more then. But she didn’t think anything of it. When she tried to explain this to the prosecutor she accused her of lying and that it’s common for women from Eastern Europe to fake credentials and pay money to buy licenses. Etc. So far this has cost us 2500$, she can’t work even tho she graduated and passed the board exam and the stress levels for her are ridiculous. She’s innocent and instead of being innocent until proven guilty. She had been guilty in this lady’s eyes and has to prove her innocence now. I don’t understand how can this be allows to happen to innocent people. At least we have some credit cards I paid off that we can manage this to some degree. But what is this happened to one of my wife’s classmates who work two jobs just to pay for rent and school and now told they can’t continue in their career and can’t afford a lawyer or anything. And this b probably won’t lose a minute of sleep over messing up someone life based on her own assumption. Sorry for long post. But my main question is in bold. The rest is just extra info for those curious and for me to vent. Thank you  Ooh ok gotcha. I’ll talk to the lawyer about that option. Thank you.  My suggestion was that the senator’s office could help sort out the license issue. Going over the head of the prosecutor.  Lol. I gotcha. Thank you for the replies. :) There is no law putting restrictions on doing a background check and inquiring about where someone was when they were a minor. And I am the law.  Not yet. As someone pointed out in the original post. We are keeping the eye on the prize: getting her license back. Then I hope we can go a little after the prosecutor because this is just ridiculous that she gets away with stuff like this. I just don’t know how to go about it.  Have you tried contacting your state senator’s office? They can try to fix constituent bureaucratic issues. (Even in IL, the leader in corrupt politicians) Not at all. I honestly only wondered because what’s the point. She was in high school and a minor. That was my only question. Nothing to hide. Just irritating that it’s such a painful procedure over nothing. Thank you for the response.  Yes they can ask. Why shouldn't they? Is there something you don't want them to discover?  [removed]