 What would warrant the police to watch a person? My friend is an adult in college. She has proof of constantly running into police cars and detective like vehicles daily (all black and have those mirrors on them). She encounters them almost up to seven or eight times a day, daily. She is a person of color. She says other weird things have been happening too. What would be a reason for this? Thanks, you’re answers have been helpful. Thanks for the feedback, you’re information has been very helpful. If someone is in the witness protection program, they're likely to be in a place far from anyone who could identify them from their previous life, and a bunch of police officers buzzing around them often would be counterproductive because it would only draw attention to someone who's trying to blend in and be unnoticed. Witness protection is a Federal program as well, so any law enforcement who were guarding a person or checking on their well being would be a U.S. Marshal or FBI agent. People go about those jobs wearing business clothes like a suit and tie, drive completely vanilla unmarked cars, and they'd look more like bankers and accountants, although probably a bit more physically fit.  You've said "runs into", but that isn't quite precise on the interactions she's having with the police. Are they stopping her as she goes about her business, patting her down and talking to her or pressing her with questions when she feels she is not free to go, or are they just giving her a greeting as she walks past? As I've mentioned before, if you friend is under suspicion of a serious crime like terrorism or drug dealing, the police would make effort to conceal themselves as they observed her, hoping she will lead them to new evidence and other persons of interest. If they had evidence that a terrorist attack or drug deal was imminent and your friend was involved, a group of officers would arrest her and take her to the police station for questioning. I can understand how your friend as a POC may feel discriminated against. As we see in the news, discrimination definitely happens, but just "seeing a lot of police around" is not how discrimination takes place. Illegal discrimination might take the form of being subject to frequent stop and frisks without legal justification. In the latter case, your friend can talk to an attorney or she can go to the police station and file a complaint against the officers she feels were unfairly targeting her based on her color. In either case, your friend will need a much stronger set of facts regarding her mistreatment than anything you've described so far.   “seeing things that aren’t there.” “Your answers Clark indicate you’re either the ‘friend’ you refer to or a bad troll.” Wow!! what do you mean by “Clark.” I’m not sure why I would be the ‘friend’, and what would make me a “bad troll,” ? That’s quite an accusation. Maybe you should take your own advice and see a doctor. Also, you never answered my question. How did you come to that conclusion? Thanks and have a nice day. I answered your question. Your answers Clark indicate you're either the "friend" you refer to or a bad troll. Either way, the advice to see a doctor is the only advice worth giving in the situation you described. Bye now.  “Believing they mean they’re after her when they just said hello.” Interesting. I didn’t mention anything like this so how did you come to this conclusion? All I said was “what would allow her family to know everything that she is doing.” It never said anything about her family being after her. Are you okay? There are 2 possibilities. Either she is heavily involved in criminal activity and the police are spending tremendous resources watching her but have taken no other against against her, or she has a mental health issue. Which do you think is more likely? Seeing things that aren't there. Believing they mean they're after her when they just said hello. See a doctor. Only answer you need. That makes sense, thanks. What about a witness protection program of some sort or something similar? Someone else mentioned this. Thanks for the feedback. She says the police seem like nice people. She was just curious. Regarding the family thing what do you mean reading too much into conversations? Because a half dozen cops surveilling someone alone would cost thousands of dollars a day.  No, she runs into them constantly. They don’t give her trouble. She says she’s been accused of being terrorist before because she is a person of color. A criminal conspiracy = a drug ring. Prostitution. Organized crime shit. M Re: family. It’s unlikely they do and substantially more likely her paranoia is leading her to assume they are watching her via reading too much into a conversation.  Hmm thanks for the feedback but what would warrant a criminal conspiracy or surveillance? Okay, that makes sense. Separate from all of this, what would allow her family to know everything that she’s doing?  Wait. Why would it be police and family = a large group? Thanks for feedback btw. Because paranoia and belief of being watched/targeted/harassed by large groups are generally indicative of a medical issue, not a legal matter.  An individual’s family members are not made part of police investigations. If she is convinced of this she should be speaking to a doctor.  What would warrant a surveillance though? Including families know what she’s doing at any given time? What would be a criminal conspiracy?  What does the mental health professional have anything to do with it?  . It doesn’t happen just cuz. Agreed, and I would argue seeing so many police so often is almost proof of the opposite - if a person is under suspicion and being surveilled by police, the police aren't going to make themselves highly visible to that person. If the police are investigating someone hoping to find evidence of a crime, they don't want their subject to know they're being watched. Who breaks the law or leads them to evidence if they think the police are watching?  Are the police stopping your friend multiple times and asking her about her business, or does she just see them going about their own work as she goes about her day? Think of it this way, if the police are investigating your friend for some reason, they're not going to make themselves so apparent to her, because they want her to continue doing whatever thing they're investigating so they catch her at it. People rarely break the law if they know the police are watching. You don't say your location, but if your friend is in an busy city moving around, it would not be unusual at all to see multiple police officers as they go about their duties. If your friend is in an area of the city where a lot of crimes are reported, it's only natural to have a higher than average police presence and it has nothing to do with her specifically. Could it be possible a police station is nearby? That would also perfectly explain why she sees so many types of police and their vehicles around.  Physical surveillance is insanely expensive and draining in resources. It doesn’t happen just cuz. Either this college student is associated with a criminal conspiracy or, since early adulthood is when many diseases that manifest symptoms of extreme paranoia and feelings of being watched appear, she should consult a doctor.  Either she is breaking the law and they are investigating her or she should talk to a mental health professional.