 Some guys from my home town are trying their hardest to get me fired and black listed from an industry i have not long joined. One where people of colour aren't too commonly found. These guys from my home town are in conversation with people at my company, they are giving some background info on my past (most of which is over 10 years ago), but these people are fabricating their former relationship with me, claiming we spent most of our time together etc.. The general jist is that they want to paint me as a hood black guy who is pretending to be somebody else in order to "sneak" into my desired industry even though I have 2 uni degree's, an indie background in my specialised field, and some relevant work experience. Regardles of all that, being black, it's very easy for other people within the company to look at old photos of me and say, "na, he doesn't belong here" What should I do? I can neven convince white people to not listen to other white people. I don't want to be blacklisted frm this industry, but should they successfully do this, i will have to seek severe, bitter revenge because I worked my ass off to get here. Whilst they were doing god knows what, i was isolated and working hard. Now I've reach somewhere that they could never reach, they want nothing more than to see me loose it.  You need to get ahead of the situation by talking to your employer about it. At the moment, these guys are free to ruin your reputation because you're not there to defend yourself. Translation: "White people are racist" Yeah, I wouldn't listen to you either if you came to me with that attitude. I'd tell you to fuck off and take your racism with you. Wouldn't you? Lose the chip on your shoulder and you might be surprised how reasonable people can be.  And maybe tone down the racism of "I can never convince white people to not listen to other white people". These people hired you, and presumably they could tell you are black. There is a /r/legaladviceUK sub. You know what you do - be the best motherfucker in the industry and dare them to fire you.  Understand that your body of work, your skill base, and your previous employers are far more important to prospective employers than personal references from random individuals. If your job is willing to dump you because of something other people are saying you did 10 years ago makes you seem "hood black", you don't want to work for that company. If you do your job well, and are as qualified as you say you are, you shouldn't have any issues. 