 Looking at my paystub today I noticed my hours were only half my regular weekly schedule. I was out of work for 4 days for a medical procedure, one my employer knew about a week ahead of time and excused by a note from my doctor. My employer informed me that they “only pay missed days at 50% of the shift total” meaning if it was a 8 hour shift, they only allowed me 4 hours of sick time. Our sick time resets at the 1st of the year, with 12 employees, each of us have over 20-30 hours sick leave, which most have attempted to use at one point or another to no avail. Is it illegal for an employer to decide the amount of paid sick time you receive, or to pay less sick time than the shift hours? What would be the best course of action? Once the first of the year comes and time is zeroed out, do we lose our ability to fight the payments? Time for you to contact BOLI Youre amazing for the links! Actually pay has been an issue in the past, honestly if this was the first sketchy problem id let it slide as my personal insurance partially covered lost wages, and a Christmas bonus was included as well on this check. Over 2 years ive personally had or had one of my subordinates experience some sort of issues. Zeroed out checks because a debt was charged to them accidentally, attempts to deduct the cost of gloves and PPE from employees checks, asking an employee to use his State Medicare insurance for a work injury because “workmans comp is a process” and attempting to just pay him during his recovery, and correcting any underpayment by applying to the next check instead of at the time. Leaving some 3 weeks without any money because their check was $250 short Getting to the point of filing a report Is a difficult thing for me, theyve treated me like family and I very much enjoy them as individuals, but when it comes to business it feels they take advantage of the relationship. With very few of us, and myself the only one whos taking a block of sick time, itll be obvious who filed the complaint, even as an anonymous reporting. Before i took that step I had to hear an unattached, logical opinion, and honestly you have done that and more! Thank you again. Seriously! No, it doesn't matter who the company is owned by; if they're operating in Oregon then they have to follow Oregon state law (and US federal law) for their employees who are working there. You can file a complaint regarding the sick time issues using the form [on this page](). The payroll issues might be sketchy, but they sound more like the result of a poorly organized and managed payroll provider, to be honest. Have you brought up these issue with your manager before? If these issues generally get fixed in a timely fashion when they occur, there's probably not much there that would be actionable via a wage complaint or similar, but if they're regularly shorting people's pay or not deducting/remitting taxes properly because they used the wrong SSN or the like and they aren't correcting these errors, that would also be worth bringing up with BOLI. You could [contact them]() to make an informal confidential inquiry about your concerns, and then decide whether to make a formal complaint based on their response. I had no clue on roll over! Ill need to being that up as well. Mandatory sick time laws are still fairly new in our state, so theres a lot of misinformation and lack of understanding from employees. Most spent 10 years working without paid sick time so they dont even think to ask for it when out, or dont push the issue when they “forget” to apply it to a check. while our schedule itself is shifting, im under employment contract for a set wage and 40 hours per week, but the others are all “seasonal” employees on call Thank you so much! I know our accrual is correct, basically our office administrator /co owner sends our time off to a 3rd party payroll accountant who draws the checks and taxes etc and sends over the payroll. We still use old style punch cards and she manually adds the time from the card and emails it to payroll, then keeps the cards in office in a file. Actually pay as a whole has had weekly problems, a person’s advance taken out of someone elses check, raises applied one week and gone the next, incorrect social security number on payroll different from application info. Money is def an ongoing issue, so I had assumed there was something sketchy behind it. My other question. And im sure its obvious but just for peace of mind: Our company is half owned by overseas investors, non US citizens, the actual US half is owned by a non citizen resident, but the property, boats and company are in his wife’s name, a US citizen, with his daughter (US born) as the office manager/ day to day. Would the ownership situation change who I report to? Im assuming i should file with the Oregon Board of Labor and Industries? Edit: spelling and grammar  Your employer does not appear to be following the law at all here. Per [Oregon law](), you must be paid for all hours you were scheduled to work if you took sick time for those hours for a qualifying reason. You also must be allowed to carry over up to 40 hours of unused paid sick time to the next year. Your employer is allowed to cap the carryover at 40 hours, though, and cap your annual accrual at 40 hours and your total time accrued and carried over at 80. They can also limit you to only taking 40 hours a year regardless of the total accrued. As for the amount accrued, the law requires you to be given at least one hour of paid sick time for every 30 hours worked. If you are working full-time, you should have at least the minimum required 40 hours of accrued sick time by now, assuming you've been working all year.  If you're a full time employee they have to pay you for a full 8 hours. If you're part time they can choose to only pay you for 4 hours. I don't think they can 'reset' your sick pay. Pending a reply from someone more knowledgeable I'd try looking up the Oregon Sick Time law that was passed a few years ago and see what it says.