 State: Florida Posting to help my father (early 60s) find some advice as he's currently going through a divorce in state of Florida. His current attorney is pushing to "settle" in a divorce although they've only had a single mediation session and it was completely biased against my Dad and his lawyer didn't try to defend or fight against any of the demands from other side. I understand how settling can sometimes be better for all parties but should my father seek a different attorney? Details below: They've only been married for 6 years, no kids involved, she probably makes $100k/year and he's about $200k/year. They have a house together which my Dad is willing to sell and split evenly. But she's also asking for $2k/month for 3 years for alimony. My Dad paid for ALL of the bills and has it documented, paid for their vacations, etc.. but his attorney is recommending they just settle with that because it could cost more in the end. That makes no sense considering they've only been together for those 6 years, he's paid 100% of bills and has it documented but now she wants alimony too and his lawyer thinks paying that money is fair?? Is this common in Divorce cases?? Not sure if correct - I recommended my Dad have a direct conversation with his attorney on what he expects and if they're not in agreement, maybe look elsewhere?? When is it better to have a Judge decide vs. just settling? Thank you for ready and feel free to ask questions. Your father's attorney is probably right, and it has nothing to do with what is fair. There is a very good chance that if your father refuses to settle and takes the whole thing to trial he will end up paying a huge amount in legal fees, not to mention the time and stress of the entire thing. There is a compelling case to be made for paying the alimony. Three years is not very long. I don't know about Florida, but if this case went to trial here, it would take quite awhile, and there would likely be temporary orders giving her alimony in the interim anyway.  By all means, get a second opinion. There are good eggs and bad eggs both in the lawyer bucket. If you don't feel like your concerns are being heard and addressed, find someone you feel better about. For the record... the fact that he paid all the bills is WHY she would expect alimony, not why she wouldn't. I know it's counter intuitive, but there's no 'credit' for money he already contributed in their marriage. The argument is 'she's accustomed to having her income free for X, with him paying the bills. So she needs alimony for Y months to give her time to find additional income or adjust her expenses.' If you don't trust your attorney, get a new one. However it sounds like your current attorney thinks the proposed terms are good relative to what you would get in court. Also, mediation isn't a place where an attorney needs to, or even should, "defend against demands" - its literally a non-binding negotiation session. If you don't agree nothing they say matters. The best time to consult with a second attorney is when you want a second opinion. Your father probably should talk to another lawyer, to either get reassured or to make a switch. I don't know how complex of a divorce this is, but the attorney may be saying "you'll either pay me a lot more money and then still have to give her some money or just pay her the $75k, either way it will come out about the same in the end."