 I have been in a custody battle since May 2018. We are scheduled for a trial day 3 on Oct 4th. During the case, my ex told the court she was going to Utah for kidney treatment. During her 28 day leave, it turns out she is in a local rehab center. She comes back and tells the court she went to Utah for a week and then came back when the doctors told her she needed to get off the dependency of pain medications and they couldn't help her (A university hospital that has rehab facilities telling her they can't help her was suspicious). She continues to disobey orders to compel for things like disclosures and taking family classes. On day 1 she lied about several things. On day 2 she admitted into evidence a fake medical document to support her claim she actually did go to Utah. By fake, I mean it has false information on it: a doctor she listed doesn't exist the address for the facility on the document doesn't exist the name of the facility doesn't exist This started a process that lead to a motion to compel and eventually an order from the judge to release her protected medical documentation. Part of the disclosure is I cannot state what is in the documentation, so I cannot talk specifics there. After talking with the county prosecutor, my attorney was advised that "If you believe a crime was committed you need to contact the police." Now, I am unsure if I need to let the judge recommend perjury charges or if I can go to the police and report the perjury. I would prefer to avoid attorney fees since this seems more like a public service than a personal charge (calling in a drunk driver vs. being the victim of domestic abuse), but it sounds like my attorney is going to charge me just to reach out through his sources to make sure a charge would even be prosecuted. What is the process for charging her with perjury? Does it have to come from an attorney, judge, or another official of the court? Or can I go to the police, state a crime has been committed and get a report, and have her arrested for her to go through the due process? [Here]() is the statute. Thank you. Okay, thanks Correct don't wait No, don't wait? I have been told it is rarely prosecuted and if it is, the case has to be pretty much already an open and closed case when handed over for a prosecutor to be willing to charge her. I think the facts are there. She testified to one thing, handed over documentation that is false, and other documentation shows her testimony was false. Another note, she perjured herself in testimony in one county, and then did the same thing in another county. She has another custody case open with a father of another one of her kids and she claimed the same things. Could charges be brought in two different counties, or would the state prosecute in a single case? Judges rarely refer perjury to the district attorney. They deal with it by not believing what the person says anymore and it will really end up hurting her case. No. The prosecutor gets these types of calls pretty often. Perjury is rarely prosecuted Thanks for the response. Would it be better to wait to see if the judge recommends the charge? I'm thinking my attorney or the judge would be a more compelling argument for the state, but could be wrong. As you were told, you can make a police report. Don't expect it the state to actually prosecute though