  I was in a car accident on company time in my personal vehicle. I rear ended a vehicle on PCH in Malibu, the driver slammed on his breaks and I subsequently rear ended his truck and hit his hitch. My car was totaled, while his truck did not receive any noticeable damage. I suffered a concussion (steering wheel to the head) and since then my back, neck, and leg have been injured all noted from two hospital locations I’m writing because my work (a private members club)made me deliver food and beverage items from their Malibu location to their West Hollywood location. This is not part of my job description, I’m am not a driver for them, and I am an audio visual technician and set up AV equipment in their private club areas and special events daily. After the car accident I was given workman’s comp paper work and a driver safety forum to fill out. The forum was never given to me prior to my accident. The forum states I need to have given them my I.D. And personal insurance before I start to drive for them. ( I have not signed it yet) I have been driving to and from their locations for AV setup for almost a year and have never received this paper work until after my accident. When speaking with their HR department in regards to my vehicle and if their insurance will cover my accident I have either been told that they don’t have an answer for me or just out right not sure if they can cover my accident, even though I was on the clock and told to deliver food and beverage for them. that is not part of my job description. I feel that if I was not told to deliver the food and beverage by my supervisor I would have not been in that accident. To add, I was told I could go home for the day prior, then after being told to go home I was then told I had to stay and deliver these food items to their other location. Since the accident, they require that I see their primary care hospital once a week till their doctor says I no longer need to see them. Which is a 3 hour bus ride or $35 UBER one way. On top of getting to my work, which is also a $30-$40 dollar UBER one way, or a 3 hour bus ride one way in the afternoon and a 5 hour bus ride when I clock off at night (midnight to 3am). I have asked for reimbursement or a rental for my trips to and from work, which they said they can not cover. I can not afford daily Uber rides or traveling up to 8 hours a day for work. I feel their insurance needs to cover this accident and help get me reimbursed on my car (it is a total according to my local mechanic) and if they require me to get to work everyday they need to reimburse my Uber’s or find an easier method other than 8 hours of public transportation. But they are not willing to budge on this which leaves me spending all my money just to get to work, or spending more time in public transit then actually working or sleeping. They are leaving me with out a car and my only option is to go through my insurance if I want to be reimbursed on the total of my car. Do I need to get a lawyer involved or am i just SOL on this? Tl;Dr Got in an accident on company time in my personal vehicle doing a delivery for them which not part of my job description. And was told that I had to use my own personal insurance to cover damages to my car and the other persons car.  In terms of Auto Insurance, insurance on the vehicle is PRIMARY. This means that whichever policy is covering the vehicle holds first and foremost. In OP’s case, the loss of the vehicle and his then expenses related to the accident is legally his reponsibility. In the insurance world, that’s not even a question. Worker’s Comp and and Umbrella Insurance may kick in because he was on company time. However, since the first event was a Car Accident, Auto Insurance on the vehicle will still be the first stop. Anything that is not covered by the PRIMARY INSURANCE can then be referred to the Employer’s Insurance. If, his Employer’s Auto Insurance does not cover Hired/Non-Owned, that’s when Worker’s Comp and Umbrella will kick in (will still depend on state coverages selected). Also, note that Employer’s Insurance is designed to protect the Employer.  The company’s legal responsibility is dependent on what insurance they chose to buy? Shouldn’t the first question be whether OP or his company is responsible for paying? And then depending on the answer either OPs insurance pays or the company pays (unless the purchased appropriate insurance in which case the insurance pays).  This is the easy answer - go ahead and file it with your insurance company. If it is AT ALL possible to make someone else pay for the damage, your insurance company will figure that out and sue them if necessary. If the company insurance ends up paying, it won't count as a claim against your insurance.  NP. 😊 You really can’t know if you’re being treated fairly until you see their insurance coverage.  Well that’s really good to know about my insurance company, I will notify them on my lunch break. Thank you very much for the advice, I’m going to speak with the head of HR at the end of the day and bring up all three points! Thank you so much! Your employer is trying to shaft you BIG TIME. If you are honest with your auto insurance company and tell them that the accident happened on company time and company business they are likely to totally deny your claim since your auto insurance policy is most likely written and priced for personal use only. There is a big difference between personal insurance policies and Business policies. Also, if they are requiring you to see their doctor outside of the requirements for Workers Comp, they need to provide you with transportation or reimburse you for your time or expenses. Above all, do not sign anything releasing them from liability. Keep a running total of the hours you spend commuting or the fees you pay for uber. Call your HR (during work hours preferably, waste their time, not yours) and speak to the HR supervisor, not a base line agent, they have little to no power. Explain to them that you were given a task outside of your normal job descriptions that involved you driving your personal vehicle on the companies request and were involved in an accident while on the clock. Tell them that you have an auto insurance policy that covers personal use, not business use and you are not willing to commit insurance fraud in order to file a claim against your personal insurance. Also explain to them that the requirement to see their selected doctor is causing you unnecessary financial and personal hardships and you request the following: 1) Reimbursement for your time taking public transit, reimbursement for fees taking uber/taxi services to the appointments, and use of a company vehicle in order to attend any future required doctor visits and transportation to/from work for a reasonable time in order for you to secure another mode of personal transportation. 2) Acknowledgement (in writing or by email) that they will file a claim with their business auto insurance policy for the accident, covering both your personal vehicle and any damages/injuries suffered by the other party. 3) And a written directive that you can provide to your supervisor that you will, in the future, either be exempt from using your personal vehicle for company business and if the company requires you to drive on company time you be provided with a company vehicle suitable to the requested task since making deliveries is not part of your standard job description. Point 1 and 2 are the important ones, point 3 is nice to have, but mainly there so you have something to give up if they want to negotiate. Call them every week and speak to the same person, annoy the crap out of them. If they deny your requests outright, time to lawyer up and look for a new job. Thank you! Okay, that’s very good to know. I don’t want to sue the company I just want to make sure I’m being treated fairly. Thank you again! So it depends on what kind of coverage their automobile insurance has. If they have Hired/Non-owned, then you might be covered. This still depends though if they have Employees as Insured or Broad Coverage. The coverage will also state if you are entitled to get reimbursement for an UBER or even Rental Reimbursement. What I would do is to first talk to a lawyer about this so that you can have legal representation who will go over the form that you are supposed to sign and ask for their insurance details. Legally, right now, you can’t ask for insurance details from the insurance company (unless you’re named and designated, which from what your job description is I’m assuming you’re not). Basically, until you get clarification on that, you’re kinda SOL.  You can't make their insurance do anything. Their insurance has no agreement with you. Your recourse would be to threaten a lawsuit which will likely not bode well for your employment prospects. Alternatively, your insurance company may go after them for anything they paid out.