 State: California City: Los Angeles My question is regards to an individual lease for a bedroom in an apartment. The apartment is leased by bedrooms and we all share a common space. Attached to the lease, we were given a document called “House Rules”. Coming from NY, I have never seen house rules as part of a lease, but that’s besides the point. One of the house rules states the following: “Any resident who drinks excessively, uses premises for illegal activity or commits a nuisance will be subject to eviction.” The landlord came into the apartment last night in order to show a prospective tenant a vacant bedroom and stumbled upon two bottles of alcohol. The landlord then took pictures of the bottles and attached it to an email that stated this: “Attached 2 pictures I got from last night, as you know, we asked all of you : alcohol, smoking and parties can not be held inside the apartment and this is your final warning.” Now from my interpretation, I don’t believe the house rules has anything to do with having alcohol, but instead using it in a disruptive manner. Now my housemates and I believe the landlord is overstepping the boundaries of the lease by preventing the consumption or having alcohol on the premise when the “House Rules” that were attached to the lease do not mention that. Am I viewing this incorrectly and is the landlord able to prevent the consumption/having alcohol based on what I signed?  I would also want an explanation. This subject interests me, and I would like to know more.  You're right, it would be better to tell the landlord, in a polite and nice way, it's always best to stay courteous, to show him where in the lease alcohol is banned. In a situation like this, would it be better for the OP to reply that such a rule is not on the lease and will not be followed, or could not replying be an option? Or rather, is the act of the landlord threatening enforcement of a non-existent lease rule be actionable? Or would they have to wait until some kind of fine or eviction notice was given? I would figure in most agreements, it would take some wrongful enforcement of a contract to be illegal. But I know landlord-tenant protections can be different. Yes this is a good counter-threat to the landlord, if it applies. Easy to find in the local zoning code. Many cities don't want rooming house type situations and limit the number of unrelated people who can live in one house or apartment. If there is a limit it can be surprisingly small, 2 or 3 people is not unusual. So I'd find that part of the zoning code and send it to the landlord.  Unless the rules were very specific as to the presence/use of alcohol in the lease documents you signed upon agreeing to rent your room then no. I see it as excessive partying and having the cops called kind of 'rule'. There should be some kind of landlord/tenant office in your area to confirm, but unless you are living in some kind of 'sober living' situation where the obvious assumption would be no alcohol or drugs present then your landlord is an idiot. Contact someone there and ask the question. Your landlord may be in violation of subletting depending on where you live or possibly having too many people in one apartment i.e. slum lord tactics. If this a-hole shows up unannounced with a prospective tenant, this may also be in violation unless you all agreed he/she can do this.  I'm not aware of any law that protects your right to drink on someone else's property. If the rule was properly put in the lease and agreed to by both parties, then it is enforceable. With that said, the rule you cited mentions "drinks excessively", which there is no evidence that you have done, so I don't think he has grounds to evict you. Edit: It would be nice if people downvoting this could explain why. If he tries to evict you, I highly doubt any judge will rule in your landlord's favor. Does it say anywhere alcohol is banned? It just seems like excessively drinking is banned. To me to sounds like you can have 1000 bottle of alcohol, and not drink it and still be ok. Tell him to bugger off. Your landlord cannot just add rules as they feel like it and have them be enforceable.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.