 My father (58) was directly hired and worked approximately 3-4 months for a giant delivery company. I'm leaving off the name of the company, but will refer to it as Company A. While employed at Company A my father assembled and packed orders for shipment. Towards the beginning of his employment my father said that Company A purposely over hired and over scheduled part time workers, therefore most of the workforce was sent home an hour into their shift. However, with the holidays ramping up and stress on floors managers they pushed workers to go as fast as possible and work much longer hours. Monday before last, my father was at work when his legs gave out from under him. This was his 4th day working in a row. Note, after my father had passed and didn't show up to work the following Fri-Mon, Company A did not reach out to him and/or any emergency point of contacts. The following is based on a conversation I had with a Company A HR rep 9 days after my father passed -- Per my conversation with a Company A HR rep, he claimed that via a coworker's account of the incident, after my father collapsed he and a manager spoke to my father while he was on the ground. Supposedly, my father said he wasn't feeling well, wanted to go home, and even though (they claim) he was offered medical assistance he refused. The coworker gave my father a ride home and made sure he got inside. I spoke with my father via phone that evening and he informed me in vague details of what happened. He was out of sorts, but said he wasn't having to work the next day so he would get lots of rest and hydrate. Per his phone records no one spoke to him again after that. A friend found his body in his home 4 days later, Friday evening. I was present that night to speak with the detective and medical examiner who concluded he passed away from coronary failure possibly brought on by poor health and over exertion. We had a private autopsy performed which concluded similar findings. Now, that we have finished my father's funeral I'm trying to see if there's any legal recourse. The few attorneys I spoke to immediately following the found date, mainly worked in wrongful death or job injury cases. Most of them informed me that it would be tough to tie the workplace incident to cause of death and they couldn't help me. The Company A HR rep has requested I reach back out to him with any questions. He gave me his cell after I spent 2 hours jumping through call centers trying to get to the right department. One question, I already asked him is about an incident report. He said he was requesting it from their "Safety Team". I also want to ask him about pre-employment physicals, emergency point of contact notifications, and medical assistance waivers. Any advice on proceeding with this would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. TLDR; My Father (58) passed away from coronary failure the night after he collapsed at his work place. We weren't contacted about the incident or him not showing up to work. Nor do I know if he was offered medical assistance or if any reports were created. No. They have no obligation to contact anyone. While I appreciate the response, I'm simply trying to see if the company has an obligation for contacting someone if an employee doesn't show up or if a medical incident occurs and/or if they're obligated to file any type of report. Sorry, but that's not common sense to everyone and is why I'm posting to r/legaladvice. I guess it just depends on each company's policy. Yes, I followed up with my father many times, but he obviously did not answer... thank you for your considerate question and comments. Some of my comments could have been taken different ways, but I SERIOUSLY could care less about blaming/"finger pointing" and I don't give a care about money. I just want to know if something could have or should have been done differently so that we can fix the problem for someone else in the future. My condolences on the loss of your father, very tragic especially this time of year. You have gotten advice from attorneys who tell you that you have no case; it's unlikely anyone here is going to tell you otherwise. Your father is an adult and his employer has no obligation to contact you about what he does or doesn't do on the job or if he doesn't show up. If your father was coherent/able enough to get a ride home I don't know how you can hold the company responsible for what happened after that? Did you not follow up with him in the 4 days it took someone to find him? Again my condolences on your loss but you're pointing a finger in the wrong place here. 