 Before I explain the story I am a 17 year old male who knows very little and needs some help. On August 10, 2019 my mom took my puppy for a walk. Now we may have a puppy but my mom is deathly afraid of dogs after a bad experience as a kid. The only reason we have this puppy is because we were recommended to get an emotional support dog for my depression and anxiety and my aunt’s friend had puppies. On my mom’s way back home from the walk she noticed a pitbull around the corner of our block barking at her angrily. My mom asked the lady if she can restrain her dog because she was scared and she just had to cross the street to get to our apartment (third one on block out of four). The lady said yes and my mom crossed but out of nowhere was knocked down by the pitbull then it grabs my puppy by the back and drags it around while biting it and tearing his back up. This woke up a my neighbors and even me and my sister so i went down to scare the dog away. When i saw the dog it had no collar or leash on and was nonstop going after my mom and dog. Long story short my dog ended up needing emergency staples and is doing okay now. The procedure costed around $750. The problem was that we couldn’t find the lady at all after it happened so we filed a police report. Police called us later that night that she turned herself into the police station and admitted it was her dog and paid a citation. I was also told she has court in a couple of weeks for her citation. We didn’t want to take her to court because that could be a waste of time especially if she was willing to pay for the bill. The police gave us her phone number and name so we can contact her. We called her maybe 15 times (different days and different times and left voicemails) but she never answered or called back until the time when she says she will pay for it but wanted to see the bill. When we showed her the bill she says she doesn’t have this kind of money which made my mom mad because we don’t either but we still had to pay upfront because the vet doesn’t do payments. We told her we will give her a week (til monday) to give us the money and if she doesn’t we will take her to court. Her response was that she will fo the same to us. What would me and my family have to do in order to take her to court? Would it be worth it? Any advice appreciated! Thank you for your time. I personally do not know but I will have to ask my mom, i’ll get back to you What is the citation for? See if she cm be compelled to pay restitution. This is what small claims court is for. With a modest filing fee you won't even need a lawyer and can represent yourself. Just have all bills from whatever Medical Care was necessary for your dog plus a copy of the citation the police issued available to show the judge and you should have no problem receiving a judgement in your favor. Collecting might be another issue but you can worry about that after you've won in court.