 My landlord knowingly covered up mold on my walls instead of removing it years ago, and it has been contaminating my air and putting me and my family at risk. Is this criminal or civil, and what could I do? Well the air is where the mold comes from, it will almost always test positive. It's the levels that you want to look at, not just the presence. Where I work, we had someone in an office find a little mold somewhere, and they somehow had the air tested, which came out positive. Turns out, there was less mold in the room's air than there was in the outside air (granted, this is in Florida). The people from the company, who obviously do this for a living, implied that it was just a coverup. The air has also been tested positive for mold.  Seems like it’s time to find an attorney that specializes in mold cases if you’re seeking compensation for mold related health issues.  If there's mold on a wall that is not caused by an underlying problem (like a broken pipe behind the wall), applying something like Killz and painting over it IS the right way to handle it. That's not concealing it.  Knowingly put something over it to conceal it. As for exactly what it was, I’m not sure, but it was documented in an official report from the company making repairs for another problem. The walls were torn into to fix an unrelated issue, and it was discovered that mold had been concealed for years. It was obvious by the apparent age of the mold and by other factors that it has been knowingly covered. We had had an issue with it years ago that we called the landlord for. The evidence is indisputable and is documented in an official report from the company making the repairs What do you mean by "covered up mold"? How do you know this? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.