 Within the province of Alberta, Canada: I am a full-time employee of a company and receive the usual benefits a full-time employee receives. (Benefits, tax deductions, etc...). I wanted to monetize my free time by doing transcription work on the side and whilst reading through the TSA for one of the (many) job platforms online I can't help but wonder about the section stating that I will operate (and be considered) as an independent contractor. Under Alberta (or federal) labor law, would I be considered either an employee or independent contractor depending on the relationship being examined (e.g., whether the matter is between my employer and I, or whether the matter is between an "ordering party" (user of the job platform) and I) or does that clause in that TSA (and my acknowledgment of that TSA) constitute the acknowledgment of my status as an independent contractor even as it relates to my relationships with other employers? Does my acknowledgment of this TSA constitute acknowledgment of an independent contractor status, and does this strip me of benefits afforded by the government to me as an employee (Employment Insurance, WCB, protection under labor law, etc...)? I have every intention to track and report my income as I make it, as well as any (currently unanticipated) costs incurred as it relates to the performance of my duties in the capacity of an independent contractor. Thanks for your response. It's really a last-ditch hail mary. Any other measure of pulling a side income strays into the morally ambiguous / scummy things to do. I am practicing and practicing by like you said, this is an old market and they (clients) will hire the best of the best from a massively underworked labor pool accessible to every corner of the earth; not confident I'll have much success. I do appreciate your input! I am not a lawyer, and am an American, not a Canadian, but I've done transcription both as an employee and as a contractor. I'm not sure exactly all the questions you're asking, but the other two people pointed out that you can be both an employee for one company and a contractor for another (and probably can legally be both to the same employer, as long as the duties and expectations are different for the two positions). If the reason you're asking is because of taxes, you'll need to talk to your employer(s) for the transcription work about whether they do any withholding, and if they don't, you'll likely want to adjust your withholding at your full-time job a bit higher to cover the taxes for both it and your transcription job. At least in the US, this is perfectly legal (again, I can't speak to Canada), and your withholding information doesn't have to match your true filing status, as long as you don't get so severely under-withheld that the IRS fines you for that. If you're over-withheld or close to accurate, they don't care if all the withholding comes from one job when you actually have two, or whatever. You'll likely want to consult with an accountant, both to confirm the implications in Canada and to figure out what your withholding from your employer OR your savings in a safe place will need to be to cover the full taxes from both jobs. However, as some non-legal advice, I do want to advise you that there are a LOT of scams out there in the transcription (or "transcription" world, as a lot of the so-called jobs don't even exist). It's obviously a great job for work-from-home potential, and scammers take advantage of SAHMs and other folks who are looking for a way to make money from home by offering on-the-job training or whatever. You should definitely do your research to find a legit training course, buy your own equipment and/or software from independent sources (as a contractor, you will need to provide your own equipment, but if a potential client needs you to download a certain portal to access their files or whatever, they shouldn't require you to pay for it). Anyway, just watch out for scams. And do keep in mind that many MANY people are vying for the work-from-home jobs, and they'll easily be able to hire only the most experienced transcriptionists, so you might be better off gaining early experience from an in-house environment if you can at all swing it. Your full time job is separate and you are an employee there. If you are looking for work through online platforms to work from home doing transcription, then you are likely an independent consultant. The platforms connect people looking to make money with companies that need short term work. This is an ever-evolving area of work, but if you go into this you should expect to be a contractor. You bid for jobs, choose your clients, use your own equipment, choose your hours and location of work, etc. These are commonly things that ICs can do. Will this be challenged in the future? Probably.  You are an employee of the company you work for full-time. You are an independent contractor for the company you are working for on the side. One doesn't impact the other. Bring all of your T4s and invoices to your accountant come tax filing time and everything will be sorted out with respect to how much tax, CPP etc you owe.