 Located in Connecticut. My father has been texting and calling his lawyer since the notice arrived but she has not responded. Her secretary keeps brushing my dad off and setting appointments the lawyer doesn't keep so we are looking for help here. We really just need a 'what can be expected now...' My father filed chapter 7 bankruptcy. He went to court several times and the lawyer said all is good and done, and he needs to wait 6 months before making purchase on credit. My father has been living with me in NC, but allowed my brother and his wife to stay in the home while they look for an apartment. We just need to know what to expect come December 26th. How long is my brother going to have after December 26 to get out of the house? I will try to post pictures of the letters today. The letter was dated 12/11/18, arrived on 12/18/18, and says must respond/contest by 12/26/18. The court is closed Monday (12/24) and Tuesday (12/25) , so that means my dad is going to try to drive the 12 hours to Connecticut today and hopefully be able to set an appointment on Friday. (since his lawyer won't tell him if he needs to appear in person he is going to assume that he needs to be there in person) If he can't make it to the court house or figure out how to respond to the notice, will my brother need to leave the house by 12/26???? If the house was going through foreclosure, an automatic stay goes in effect when bankruptcy is filed. The bank must then cease any collection efforts and foreclosure proceedings. The bank has filed a motion for relief from the stay. The court has granted that motion. The bank may now proceed with the foreclosure process.  Foreclosure cases are put on hold when bankruptcy is filed. Once the bankruptcy case has been concluded, the foreclosure can proceed. Without pictures of the letters and the Motion, I can't tell you exactly what is going on, however it doesn't mean the property has finished being foreclosed on. What it sounds like is that you have until 12/26 to respond to the Motion. Not that the foreclosure will be completed on 12/26. If your brother is still in the house when the foreclosure is completed, he will be evicted. Source: Am foreclosure paralegal in CT, though I handle out of state foreclosures If I'm reading this right, the bank has already successfully foreclosed and has now set aside the stay due to the chapter 7. That means all that's left is for it to be sold at auction. Realistically, it's probably a few weeks to a couple months, but theoretically it can happen at any moment.