  I don't know how to put this, and I'm not sure if it's even remotely identity theft; but I'm a minor, so my name and number shouldn't be on any public records, right? Well, I signed up for telegram and somebody is registered with my FULL name and old, recent phone number and the profile pic is some bald dude. This is legitimately weirding me out, what can I do? Note the guy was apparently last on in September... Could this just be like a bot account or something? Located in New York  Alright thank you for the advice i will proceed to do those things! I told you to check your credit report and gave you instructions for how to do so. ...Your credit can be used to open up lines of credit/take out loans...your SSN can be used so that another person can work under it. I don't think this event indicates that your credit has been compromised, but you should check your credit report.  I wasn't getting a straight answer [Why did you repost this]( ). Also note I enter my real name (number not often) into lots of websites so could it have just been the result of a data leak? I only have a debit card, how could be credit be used? And my debit/checking account was opened after the account was inactive. (September of last year.) Since it was last year should I still be worried? There is a list of steps to take for ID theft here: It includes how to check your credit reports. That's the part that's making me think you possibly do have an identity theft problem. The phone number you used was not in your name but it is connected to a name identical to yours. You might want to ask your mom to check your credit and possibly to freeze it No it was in my moms name IIRC. And it's the exact same number, and my name is very uncommon. Same exact name is more common than people think even for slightly odd names. But your name and your recent (but no longer in use by you?) phone number could be a problem. More interesting is the fact that as a minor that the bill for that number I'm guessing was not in your name?