 While my son/daughter/ward is in residence at (Insert name of campus), I wish and authorize (campus) to act as Guardian in my place for decisions involving his/her personal care and welfare. This is a part of the contract I have to sign before allowing him to travel. What does this statement mean, and how much power does it grant the institution to act on behalf of my child? Locked at OP's request.  In a practical sense - it would allow the school to make decisions on your behalf. Typically the school woild simultaneously be contacting you and their authorization would only extend in so far as you could not be reached. For example, a girl I knew was on a school trip to Germany and came down with appendicitis. A clause similar to this allowed the teacher to take her to the ER, allow her to be admitted, and authorize tests and imaging needed to diagnose. At this point the parents were contacted and able to make further decisions as needed. Thank you for your advice. If your kid gets hurt in Germany and needs to go to a hospital, this authorizes the school agent to act in your place at the hospital. Or bailing them out of jail. Or anything else that happens. It is purposefully vague so that they don’t need to track you down for any little thing that might happen. I suggest asking some questions of the school, and talking with your kid about some things too. If something happens to him while in Germany, what steps will they take to contact you before making decisions? Are there specific examples that have happened on previous trips? If there are multiple adults on the trip and they disagree on what to do for your son, how will they decide? What is their plan regarding drinking alcohol, since in Germany minors age 14 can drink w a guardian present, and age 16 without a guardian? Tell your son what you want/don’t regarding him drinking so he knows your expectations.  16, travelling to Germany. Age? Location? Seems like a pretty broad description. My advice (NAL) is to make it more specific. When, where and what. 