 Good morning. I'm a 1/3 partner to a startup which has been in operation for 3 years. As a company we're staying afloat, however my partners visions and mine no longer follow the same path. When we started out, the other two had cash and I had a skillset that was necessary, so my contribution was sweat equity. After the first year, I was considered Paid In Full on the initial investment. Fast froward to years 2 3, because I'm the only one of the 3 that has the specific skillset to operate the bulk of our business I work 50+ hours a week. One of the partners provides no direct work to the business, and the other handles backend paperwork (bill playing, minor marketing, etc). Meanwhile I'm here day in and out working, scheduling staff, doing payroll etc. None us us collect a salary or any dividends from the business. However they both have other jobs/businesses that they're involved in that provide them with income. I collect $0, not have the opportunity to because of the demand I have at our company. We have a couple of debts that we all have a personal liability for that are probably $120K. Why question is, if I wanted to leave the company, what would need to happen to absolve me of the liability of the debts, and get me out clean? Also there is some proprietary things that I developed for the company that only I currently have access too. Is there any value in those that could provide me with any compensation  Also, curious if you have discussed the fact that your first year of working (sweat equity) paid for your capital investment so how do your partners plan to compensate you for your ‘sweat equity’ efforts this year? I’d mention that the other partner who has done some work Beyond his initial investment deserves something in return for his efforts as well (increased share of profits when they happen or an hourly wage). If all else fails, talk with an attorney.  Also, curious if you have discussed the fact that your first year of working (sweat equity) paid for your capital investment so how do your partners plan to compensate you for your ‘sweat equity’ efforts this year? I’d mention that the other partner who has done some work deserves something in return for his efforts as well (increased share of profits when they happen or an hourly wage). If all else fails, talk with an attorney.  I don’t blame you for that. A lot depends on how your original contract was written. You mention you signed personal liability for the debt, along with the other three. Is it safe to assume the original agreement has you splitting proceeds equally as well?  You are correct. However I’m also the only on e who sees it that way. Which is why I’m researching options to make a change while being on the hook for minimal or no debt. Except you. You’re continuing to add sweat equity while one partner is hand’s off and another is putting in minimal time. Unless they have put in any resources past their initial capital investment, you’re getting screwed.  If it’s a personal guarantee, you’re still on the hook, even if you leave the company.  No, there has not been any additional capital put into the company by anyone. [removed] Correct, but are they still contributing any capital? Or was their obligation met in the first year too?  All 3 of us personally guaranteed one of the notes. It has about 2 years left on it.  Did you sign a document stating you would personally guarantee the loan? If so, it’s not likely that you’ll be absolved of that debt, even if you leave the company. You really should hire an attorney and go over any and all documents you have relating to the partnership.  NAL but have done a startup. A lot depends on the written agreements you made when you began the venture. Do you have an Operating Agreement that established roles and responsibilities? When done properly in advance those agreements also specify the mechanism by which partners can leave the business. If you haven’t done that work in advance, you’re likely to require a negotiation with your partners on how to manage that. Best to review the documentation with an attorney (one who represents you rather than the business itself) for advice on how to proceed.  None of the 3 of us take any salary or payouts from the company. We took what would be a salary for someone in my position and our accountant put in on the books as the company “loaning” me the startup capital money. The time I worked year one = my capital contribution. How is it, if your initial investment was paid in full the first year you are not drawing a salary as a working partner? You’re getting screwed. 