 My cousin, who is now 24 years old, is being threatened by her mom’s friend. Let’s call my cousin Jane and her mom’s friend, Joe. Jane has a boyfriend here in China but then when Joe found out, he told her that they were legally married because Jane “signed” a marriage contract. Her mom told her, while Jane is tired and sleepy, that she should sign it because it’s just about her property. Can she be sued for adultery? Thank you so much for this. I think I have enough information for her to fix this issue. I do not know anything of the law in China on how a legal union is formed. I find it doubtful that you can just sign a paper, but you would need to ask someone who knows Chinese family law.  While it looks like different parts of China can have varying requirements for marrying foreigners, none of them that I have found sound like those requirements can be satisfied by the events of the scenario you've described. [Take this for instance]() : When Chinese citizens and foreigners (…) get married of their own free will within the boundaries of China, both the man and the woman concerned shall appear together at the marriage registration department, designated by the province, autonomous region, or municipality directly under the Central Government, and stationed in the locality where the Chinese citizen has his/her residence registration and apply for marriage registration. That obviously never happened. The above source leads to another webpage with a simplified overview of the marriage process, found [here]() : That didn't happen. . You and your fiance/fiancee will need to go to a hospital nearby and receive a certification of health That didn't happen. Aside from perhaps obtaining the permission of Jane's parents, those things didn't happen. It looks like Jane may try calling the civil affairs office in the region where the marriage supposedly took place to find out if there is any sort of information on file. Yes and yes. Jane lives in China and Joe is an American citizen from Florida? Yes, she is. We aren't familiar with the law in China, but I sincerely doubt that merely signing a piece of paper could constitute a valid marriage. Is Jane a Chinese citizen?  One more thing. Is is possible that Joe made something that would make them married in China with just a signed contract? Thanks for the advice. One more thing. Is is possible that Joe made something that would make them married in China with just a signed contract? Joe’s claiming that Jane is his wife already. Jane doesn’t know if she signed a contract about their marriage either in China or in US. Joe once went to China with a contract. Sorry for the vague story. Joe went to China with her mom when Jane was 18 years old. Joe and her mom went back to US after that. Is Joe claiming that she is married to him because she signed a contract? Was this in the US? That is not at all everything it takes to be legally married to someone in the US. If in China, I have no idea, but I doubt it. Joe can not sue her for anything in the US if she isn't there. She should try to figure out if she is married to him in China, but your story is very hard to understand and it isnt clear if that is the question. Joe thinks he is your cousin's boyfriend because she signed a piece of paper? Joe, from Florida, thinks he could sue Jane for adultery? Well Joe from Florida certainly can’t sue her. She should probably find out if she is legally married or not though. 