 My boyfriend totaled his car last year when he lost control on the salted highway and slammed into another vehicle. The other car involved sustained somewhat minor damage, as my boyfriend first hit a guardrail full force and then hit them once he slowed to a stop. The man was so nice about it, and told us everything was fine. They exchanged information and the police came to the scene where we were all shooting the shit while we all got it sorted out. My boyfriends dad died in a car accident and he was in shock crying about how he could have died or killed someone. The man who got hit assured my boyfriend not to worry about anything, accidents happen and that everyone was fine. Today my boyfriend got served a 100k lawsuit for injury and damages. The man involved is claiming numerous spinal injuries, all ones that are of course impossible to prove such as sprains. His wife, who was not present in the accident, is suing my boyfriend for “Loss of Consortium” as she has been deprived of “companionship, services, and society of her husband to her great loss”. She’s asking for another 50k. He’s been working closely with his insurance company who said if most likely wouldn’t go to court unless he received the paperwork. It’s also much more than anyone expected, so I doubt this will be settled without some time in court. We’re both broke college students who barely have enough money to pay rent. The guy was so nice at the scene and assured us everything would be okay. Has anyone ever experienced something like this, or have any advice on what to do from here?  This is 100% something your insurance should be taking care of. Obviously provide them with anything they need. Even if you have the lowest level insurance (PLPD here in Michigan) that is what it covers and the whole reason insurance is a requirement to drive. Unless you feel you guys are getting screwed by your insurance company, you should not need your own lawyer (in my opinion, but IANAL). [deleted] Am actually lawyer, though not a PI/insurance lawyer. A lot of the time, insurance companies force you to bring a lawsuit in order to pay for things like medical bills or auto repairs (that's what happened in the infamous "[aunt sues nephew for hugging her]()" case). The guy probably was chill with your boyfriend, and he's probably not doing this vindictively or for a cash grab or something. It's really not Guy v. Your Boyfriend, it's State Farm v. Geico (or whatever the insurance carriers are). State Farm sees that their customer has a $100k hospital bill for various injuries and wants to avoid paying out, so instead they sue to try to make Geico pay it instead. On that note: loss of consortium is a pretty normal thing to sue for. It used to just mean "loss of having sex," but it can mean stuff like, "my husband used to do all the cooking, and now that he's injured, we have to order out more, which costs money." (My torts professor called this the "honeydew" list, as in, "Honey, do...") The likelihood that you will have to pay for this personally is very low, especially since you have insurance. A lot of insurance companies assign lawyers to people like you for exactly this reason.  Paralegal here. Used to work in a PI firm. Many people don't know they are injured. People get shot and don't realize it. A friend of mine fractured her back in an accident and thought she was fine until the next day. Soft tissue injuries don't show up for a day or more. It happens all the time. As for the wife, when your SO is injured and your relationship and sex life takes a dive, it's no joke. It can lead to divorce. One person is hurt and maybe out of work, all the extra stress, can't help out around the house, arguing, finances, no sex and things spiral. It's not her fault that your boyfriend hit her husband, but your boyfriend made it her problem. That's why she's made a claim. You're insured. Your insurance company will handle this.  Glad you're okay! Motorcycle accidents are scary! I was in a car accident once and told the paramedic I was fine; he asked me if I realized I hadn't put any weight on one of my legs the entire time we were speaking. Rolled up my pants and sure enough I had scrapes and a huge bruise forming already-- didn't feel a thing yet.  Basically, yeah. The husband's injuries are causing him not to perform, and they usually throw in that he can't do the usual household stuff either, which is something that can be sued over and is also something I have seen basically tacked on so there's something to "drop" in settlement negotiations. OP, the insurance company has seen these a lot. You still have the report? And photos from the scene or damages to either vehicle? Make sure you give copies of all that to the insurance company, too. And make sure it's copies, just in case. Mistakes happen and things get lost. This is why you have auto insurance. Let them handle it. I sat on a jury for a simple car accident once. It basically means she hasn't been getting laid since the accident. Iirc we didn't award it of that case. Just covered the medical Bill's.  [removed] That sounds a lot like what’s going on here. God forbid the guy actually did have some serious injuries, it’s still something none of us could pay for. This makes us both feel so much better. Thank you again!!!!  You're welcome! They claimed it was for "non specific back injuries that the doctor could neither prove nor disprove were caused by the accident" though everyone I talked to at my insurance company said the person was most likely just looking for money. The judge did decide to award it to them and my insurance paid out for me so I didn't have to pay a penny or see a single day in court :) Thank you for this!!! Did it all work out in the end even after the additional 50k?  Yeaaaaa that’s what’s throwing us off.... I don’t even know what that would entail.  Had the same thing happen to me. I was in an accident where I rear ended someone and even after getting 100,000 from insurance they got one of those as seen on tv accident lawyers and decided to sue me 4 years later for 50,000 for injuries. Contact your insurance company and allow them to handle it. That's what you pay them for so you don't have to use your own lawyer and if they win your insurance pays for it so you don't have to. :) good luck! What does seem outrageous is the $100k isn't all for medical bills, half is for “companionship, services, and society of her husband to her great loss."  I had the same thing. Had car accident. I was stopped and hit from behind at a very slow speed. No damage to cars at all. I had been leaning forward to see around a snowbank before I turned onto street. I thought I was ok at the sevens but the next day I realized I was not. I ended up loosing my waitressing job and could not lift my then three-month old baby without severe pain for months. I was in PT 2-3x a week for nine months before I was mostly better. It was several years before I stopped getting setbacks for doing something like pushing clothes in the closet aside with my shoulder at just the wrong angle. I’m fine now. Unfortunately $100k comes pretty quickly in the US with medical bills. I hope it all comes out ok for your boyfriend. He should contact his insurance. Based on what you posted this does not seem outrageous.  I'm not saying it's not a fake claim. It very likely is, especially since $100k just happens to be what most people carry in insurance. It's a unique situation to you but your insurance company gets this call 10 times a day and they have a warehouse full of overpaid lawyers to deal with it. Holy crap. Well 1) I’m happy you’re okay! And 2) thank you for the advice  Adrenaline is a hell of a drug and injuries can show up days after. It took me a couple days after a motorcycle accident to realize I had a broken rib and wasn't just sore. That's why you have insurance. Forward the paperwork to them and they'll take the lead on it.