 We manage a 2-family home and one of our tenants came to us with what sounded at first like a noise complaint. After further discussion, it came out that this tenant believes there is domestic violence potentially occurring in the other unit. A husband and wife live with their 2 children in the unit in question. The tenant with the noise complaint claims to have heard slamming doors, yelling, and what sounded like someone being physically assaulted. She also claims to have seen the wife leaving the house one morning (after a fight the previous night) with clothing/accessories covering her face and her head down. We obviously want to be very careful about how we approach the husband and wife about this, especially if the wife is the victim of domestic violence and any mention of it further aggravates the husband. At the same time, we feel like we have an obligation to address the noise (the tenant who brought it up has a child as well who is frightened by the noise) and an obligation to not ignore this in general, as we fear for the wife's safety. The husband and wife are away for the holidays and the tenant who brought the complaint to us suggested we wait to mention anything until it happens again. A cursory google showed that it is possible to evict a single tenant (and not the whole family) if that tenant breaks the lease, but we aren't sure if any part of the lease has been violated by virtue of noise complaints (which are very common in NYC.) Legally, what steps should we be taking here? (I realize the question of "how to approach the husband and wife about this in a conversation" on its own may be better suited to a "relationships" type subreddit, though.)  You're making a lot of assumptions from a third party. I don't think you're being told a bunch of lies but you're really going out on a limb with only the information from the one tenant. As the landlord, you need to investigate a little more and contact your tenants directly about the noise issues. Further, the other tenant needs to immediately call 911 when they hear anything like they described. New York State is a mandatory arrest state for domestic violence. The abuser will go to jail if the police get involved and NYPD is fairly decent about that kind of stuff. Most cops don't like wife beaters and are happy to haul them to the can. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.