 I work for a small healthcare provider. In general a lot of what my boss, the owner, does is unprofessional. He makes some patients pay their full co-pays and then family friends pay a fraction of it or $$$$ off. I got an insurance payment back and a certain patient's co-pay went down. My boss comes over to me and asks me to still charge her the same copay since he's giving her a certain therapy but not charging it when she comes in. He said he would inform her of the situation but not going by the books makes me uneasy. It also makes me question whether or not he's upbilled before or something. Is this legal and a-ok? I originally posted this in /r/jobs but I'm worried it's serious so I'm cross-posting here He is for sure discounting the patient responsibility and keeping the insurance codes the same, so it's the same fee. There is no financial hardship established for any of these patients either.   's co-pay went down. My boss comes over to me and asks me to still charge her the same copay since he's giving her a certain therapy but not charging it when she comes in. He said he would inform her of the situation but not going by the books makes me uneasy. And it should. Depending on the patients coverage this might be fraud or this might be ok. If the doctor/office has a contract with the insurance company then any billing that is not done accurately could potentially be a breach of contract and open the doctor/practice up to damages. If the doctor is independent and only accepts PPO/PPFS plans, then technically he is not required to bill every service to the insurance and can claim that other $10 from the reduced copay as payment for the extra "treatment" he didn't bill to the insurance.  For example: It's okay to waive, or apply a discount to, the entire fee (both insurance and patient portions) for a particular group of people provided that group isn't selected based on their ability to refer more business to them (particularly Federal programs). It's okay to waive the co-pay due to financial hardship as long as the policy is applied to everyone, not just a particular group. It could be a problem if OP's employer is discounting just the patient-responsible portion and not the entire fee, particularly if any of the beneficiaries of his "courtesy program" have Medicare or Medicaid. Providers are supposed to make every effort to collect the patient's portion of the payment,so, OP's employer could be running afoul of state regulations or stipulations of his contracts with insurance companies. It's a bit murky. Googling "professional courtesy discount" brings up a lot of articles about when offering a professional courtesy discount is okay and when it's fraud.  Yikes...as far as the family/friend co-pays, it's still legal for them to not pay their full co-pay amount yet not let the insurance know/have the insurance carrier think the family friend patient is paying their full copay amount (these people are also in not financial trouble either)?  's co-pay went down. My boss comes over to me and asks me to still charge her the same copay since he's giving her a certain therapy but not charging it when she comes in. He said he would inform her of the situation but not going by the books makes me uneasy. To me, this sounds like fraud. The patient's insurance company is covering a higher portion of their co-pay, but your company is still charging the patient the same amount and (presumably) pocketing the rest. The part about family/friends paying a reduced copay however is legal. 