 Hello, this is my first time posting so I apologize if this isn't in the right area. Context: I work at a locally owned fast casual restaurant in business district so we don't have many employees other than high schoolers and the occasional adult. One of my coworkers is a supervisor at the location I work at. He used to a very good worker but after one of our coworkers got into a position above him that he was going after, he just kind of gave up. Now all he does is sit on his phone and wait out the clock rather than helping out any of our staff (who are primarily in high school and have to go to school in the morning) which leads to them typically leaving around 10PM Well a few days ago we decided we don't want to deal with his negligence anymore and wanted to train in one of our younger guys to replace him. Come a day that both of them are working and lazy supervisor (LS) has to train in future supervisor (FS). LS isn't having any of it and just refuses to do anything to help them close up the store. FS continues doing his normal closing routine, throwing in some manager closing things. While FS is working hard in the back counting cash, LS told the other close that he's leaving early and that he should do the same at 10. LS left the store at 10:20 PM with two underage workers to close the store by themselves with no prior practice of closing with no supervisor. They left at 11PM that night and had to go to school early the next morning. Is this considered child endangerment? LS is also known for throwing parties with underage girls and to quote him word for word "get them drunk because I know they will have sex with me" PS. LS is trying to become a cop and I'm scared of what could happen if he actually does [Here's the info for Minnesota minors and working hours.]() As to the parties, it would just be terrible if somehow local law enforcement showed up at one of these parties and started carding people. Probably not child endangerment, but could very likely be violating labor laws. Many places restrict the number of hours and times people under 18 can work. The place could be looking at hefty fines if reported.