 My apartment complex is owned by serious penny-pinchers. The less they have to spend in upkeep, the better. A, currently unknown, lazy neighbor started to no longer pick up after their dog inside the dog park, even though it is right next to dog bags and waste bin. The lease agreements say they can be fined if they don't pick up the dog waste. I contacted the landlord via email and asked if they can have the landscapers clean up the area and to send notices out. I received a response stating that they can send out a bulletin to everyone's door warning them, but its not the responsibility of the landscapers to clean the area of dog waste. Understandably, they can't fine someone for not picking up after their dogs if they don't know who it is. Three weeks in (winter now, grass all dead so they don't need to mow) and its an absolute minefield. I had to give my dog a bath this morning because she stepped in another dog's waste. I don't think the issue is big of enough of an ordeal for me to move out or goto court over, but at this point it is a health issue. I sent another email telling them that the lease states they are required to maintain common areas, and they have ghosted me. Whats the next best thing I could do to get them to clean up the area? While it would be easy, I don't want to clean it up the area myself since it sets groundwork that a tenant will eventually take care of it for them. If you don’t want to go to court, your only option is to keep emailing, calling, or going in person. There are potential legal issues you could cite to, but, you should never indicate in a demand letter that you might pursue legal action if you’re not willing to follow through, they could call your bluff.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.