 In the summer of 2015 I had an engineering internship at an agricultural technology/hardware company. The company was/is relatively small, and I knew some of the higher ups in the company personally. They knew me and trusted my work, so I was given a decent amount of responsibility for an intern. Namely being the main research and design engineer for a small new product project. I was in the meeting room when the idea was first proposed, and I helped premier a prototype at a customer conference. I had a project manager with whom I would double check before making any major decisions, but I did all the CAD drawings for the project, designed all the test setups, collected all the data, and made most of the prototypes. I gave dimensions and took screencaps of my CAD drawings for the patent application, and assisted in describing the function of the machine. Recently I found the patent application online on Google Patents, with no mention of my name. I did not expect to be the main inventor by any means, but I was hoping to have been mentioned. The inventors are listed as the CEO of the company, my project manager, and one other employee of the company (I have no idea what his role is, I never met him while I was there). The technical drawings are all based off of the CAD models I drew. I have since graduated and am now working for a different company in a similar field, but definitely not a competitor to the internship company. I know that since I was working for the company, the IP is all theirs, and I'm OK with that. As a young engineer, having my name on a patent would be a good accolade for the future, and that's all I want, is my name to be mentioned with the patent. I still know several people in the company personally, and am on good terms with them. I have considered reaching out to them, but I wanted to better understand the legal aspect of it all first. Do I have any legal claim/right to being listed on the patent? Is there any hope to being able to claim the patent as my work? Right, I get that. I did some of the building, testing, demoing of it, but that isn't what is important to me. It's the fact that I designed most of it. The CEO was the one to originally suggest the idea, so he should be listed. In my mind, if the project manager was listed, I should be as well, since I contributed more to the design of the machine. There were definitely others who had input in the design, but there are also several aspects of the machine that I came up with the ideas, or at least the specific design shown in the patent.  The inventor(s) is the one who conceives of the invention that ends up getting claimed. It’s all about who came up with the original idea. If you only do the other parts of the process - you build, test, demo, and/or market it, you don’t count as an inventor.