 This happened in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, NY. I am a 5’2, 26 year old white female. The dog owner is a middle aged, 6ftish dark skinned Panamanian man. He made comments about my race so I am including this information. On Wednesday morning, on my way to work as I was walking to the train, a pit bull/Doberman mix that was tied up to a shop right outside the train jumped up and bit my arm. The dog destroyed the sleeve of my jacket and I was bleeding from the bite. The dog’s owner came running out of the shop and immediately started screaming at the top of his lungs, while holding the dog by its collar and moving it toward me as it growled, that I attacked his dog and deserved what I got. There are countless reasons why this is ridiculous, the most important of which being that I was running late to work and needed to make an 8:30 train. This incident occurred at 8:27am. The man then started screaming racially charged shit - “stupid white girl doesn’t know who she messed with” etc etc. At this point a lot of people who witnessed the attack in the street started screaming at him and telling me to call the police. I was on the phone with the operator when a young woman approached, saying this was her uncle again I messed with the wrong people and I need to watch my fucking back in the neighborhood now. That white people dont belong. The man and the dog then took off. I followed them for about a block so I could get a picture to show the police. One of the bystanders was walking her two dogs, and said one of them actually had been bitten by the same animal and the owner took off then too. The smoke shop owner next door said he’s seen the dog being violent before. A few friends of the dog owner who were in the shop with him approached me when it was obvious I was bleeding and gave me the man’s name and address. Another man then came up to me screaming that “Face” wants to know who the fuck is messing with his business and throws a phone in my face. I say, through tears, that I’m not talking to anyone. Apparently someone called “Face” in the neighborhood breeds these dogs out of an apartment in crown heights and sells them to people. All of the dogs from him are violent. They’ve eaten neighborhood cats and once got into the Prospect park zoo area and caused issues. I didn’t know about any of this but a lot of the people who saw what happened knew “Face” by name. An hour and a half later the cops finally show up, and refuse to take any information about the dog owner or the animal itself. They called ems for my arm but would only make a police report against the niece for harassment. I was told by the officer that I needed to report the dog as aggressive to 311. They wouldn’t listen to any of the five onlookers who stayed to make statements about what they saw. They didn’t want a picture of my arm. When I called 311 they told me the information needed to come from a cop. They transferred me to the dog bite unit who said no one had reported the incident and the officers broke protocol. Great. Since then I’ve seen the dog tied up outside multiple Delis around the neighborhood, always right by the train (or in one instance at grocery store front door) so I can’t avoid it. So now I’m out a few hundred dollars. I lost a day of pay at work (didn’t leave the police station until almost 1:30 -_-), have to replace my winter coat and needed to pay out of pocket for a tetanus shot. What can I do?! I have the guy’s first name and address, and photos of him and the dog. I’m thinking of printing the pictures and posting them around the neighborhood saying “dangerous, beware”. Tldr- dog bit me and the owner threatened me, police did fuck all.  [removed] Did you report the dog bite to the health department? That's who handles dog bite investigations. []() I want the dog to be muzzled if the guy is going to continue to tie it up outside of the train or the grocery store with no regard for the safety of others.  So what is is that you want to happen?  [removed] [removed] [removed] Did you report the bite to the department of health? They have a form you can fill out online, but it has to be within 24 hours of the incident.  [removed] Speak to a supervisor and get a can of dog spray. It’s like a mini can of bear spray. It is attacks you, protect yourself.  [removed] You might want to go to the police station and ask to speak to a supervisor. Keep going up the chain of command until you find someone who will listen. You also can contact your local council representative and ask for their help. For like...$400 in damages? It doesn’t seem worth it 😔 Civil lawsuit?