 I just bought a home and have moved out of my previous apartment. I would consider myself a model tenant, rent was never late, I often stayed home from work to have repairmen come by as she is located out of state and even helped her show the unit when I was in the process of moving out. I even gave her 60 days notice rather than the customary 30 days. I have been there about 2 years She has always been flaky and a bit out there but rent was about $500 cheaper than other units in the same building so I dealt with it. When I moved in the dishwasher and microwave needed to be replaced, and she mentioned she had wished she had made the previous tenants leave a deposit as they left it in shambles cosmetically. A portion of the carpet was torn up and taped down, the entire unit had to be professionally cleaned and we had to repaint. As I chose colors I liked for the kitchen and bedroom I paid for them myself and she paid for the rest of the paint. She had come down a few months ago and remarked she really liked the colors I picked and would probably just keep them. But now she is stating she needs to have them repainted. And the carpet that was torn up before we moved in, has gotten worse with just general wear and tear. I've done my best to keep it up but unfortunately its 15 year old carpet and not much I could do. She is also saying carpets completely need to be replaced so likely will be keeping the entire deposit. However when I moved in she stated she would have it cleaned (as it was disgusting, I'm talking had to scrape the grease off the cabinets with a razor blade), and was going to have the carpets cleaned. She did neither and I had to have my friend (who is a professional cleaner) come help me clean it. Their estimate for cleaning were they not my friend was around $600 for the state it was in. There was also an issue where her ex business partner was harassing me and claiming he owned half the home and was going to kick me out. So my question is with all that what can I do to fight for my deposit back? I understand a portion of it perhaps for some things but she is clearly trying to renovate and using my deposit to do so. I have emails and pictures of what the unit looked like before we moved in as well as her stating she would pay for cleaning and she liked the paint as is. Do I have any rights here? Or is she able to claim whatever she wishes and keep the full deposit? If she does should I make her pay me back for the cleaning I had to have done or would it not be worth it by the time it was all settled.  If not for yourself, do it for all the other tenants after you. She is a shitbag and will continue to be predatory with her other tenants until some of them bite back. Small claims filing fees are relatively low, and you may be able to claim additional damages because landlords are penalized in some states for doing this.  I figured that was the action, but is it worth it I guess? Deposit was 1,200 so I'm debating if it's worth the time, money and energy it would be to go through court  Sue her for your deposit back and take all your evidence to court, especially before move in and after move out photos. She can charge for damages above normal wear and tear from the condition you received the apartment in, not for upgrades or to replace things that have passed their useful life. Sounds like you gave the place back to her in better condition than you got it.