 I am 20 years old. I will be turning 21 in 9 days. My first memory that I can recall is of my dad hitting my mother. They would fight constantly as I grew older. One day when I was 7 she left. My father ended up getting custody of me and I have lived with him since. With my mother gone, he started to direct his violence towards me. When I was 11 years old I was taken out of school. I've had very little contact with other people since then, often going months without leaving the house as I rely on my father for transportation. He is mostly verbally abusive but there have been a few times where he was physical as well. He screams at me every single day and night. Calls me horrible names like Bitch, Stupid, Fat, Whore, Ugly, Whale, Mistake, Disappointment, Disgusting. Those are just a few. It is much worse. I cry myself to sleep every night. I do not have any other family besides my sister but she is just as bad as him. When I ask her for help she tells me to just kill myself already. My mother is clinically insane and I haven't had contact with her in over 10 years. I have no ID. I have no job. I do not have a social security card nor do I know my number. (My dad has told me that he doesn't have my card) I don't have my birth certificate. (My dad also doesn't have my birth certificate) I do not have any school records. (I have called my previous schools and asked and they told me they can't find anything) I don't have any other form of identification. In a way, I do not exist. My dad refuses to be a parent and take me to go get these things. He says that I am an "adult" now and that if I want them then I have to go get them myself. The problem is that I do not feel like an adult. To get an ID you have to have a birth certificate and a social security card. To get a social security card you must have an ID and a birth certificate. To get a birth certificate you must have an ID or your parent must be present with you with their ID. I have none of these and my dad refuses to do that. Besides that, I have no way of getting anywhere, I don't have a car and I don't know how to drive, I don't have a bike and I don't know how to ride one. I have no money. I live miles away from a bus or train station. I often have extreme panic attacks. I have tried to walk to the nearest store by myself to be around people so that I didn't feel so lonely but it felt as if I couldn't breathe and I had to turn back and go home. I don't know how anything works in this world. I was never taught anything past 6th grade. In some ways, I am still an 11 year old. I do not know what to do. I want to die. I want to kill myself. I do not know how much more of this I can take. All I want is to live a happy life with a family that loves me. I am asking for help on what to do. Please.  There is no magic button. You may want to make contact with an immigration attorney to try to get this sorted out. Your testimony of assault is evidence. It may not be easy to sort out, but it can be done if you decide it needs to be done. I have no other family that I can contact. I am truly alone. I can not obtain my birth certificate from the vital records office. You need proof of identification or a parents ID which I stated in my post that I do not have and that my parent refuses to do if you read my post.. And what are the police going to do? I have no physical marks on me. I was told that the police won't be able to do anything unless you know. We cannot teach you how to adult on this sub. If you're physically attacked, call the police. If you want to report previous physical attacks, call the police. You can contact your state's department of vital records and obtain a copy of your birth certificate. You can use that birth certificate to get a copy of your social security card. You can use those things to get a state ID or Passport. If you feel like you're having suicidal thoughts, contact 1-800-273-8255 or /r/suicidewatch. Sorry if you’ve already described, but do you have any contact information for any family members that you trust? If you do, I’d suggest you have them come pick you up whenever the best time is, and call social services. You may feel bad if your dad does get into trouble, but I pretty sure you or nobody else should ever be treated this way. If you want to talk, you can pm and I’ll start texting you.