 To give some background information, I'm a college student in California who is of low income and I needed help with my college tuition. I've held two jobs at once while being a full time student to fund my education, but that reflected on my grades. My friend told me about Seeking Arrangements which is a website to find sugar daddies. I felt wrong signing up for it, and still do now, but I really needed the help. So I went against my better judgement and did it. Now I'll go into the details of our relationship. I've been meeting up with him for a year now and I did not know he was involved with his wife. What he had told me was that he has a wife, however they're not really together and they're mutually separated, but not divorced. I thought this to be reasonable because he is older, and his wife is Asian. I am Asian as well so I know how important image is to family, so it makes sense they wouldn't divorce. The foundation of our relationship was never sexual. At first when we began messaging, he said and i quote, "I'm hoping to meet someone with whom I can develop a steady, monogamous relationship characterized by genuine warmth and affection, friendship, respect, and trust. In a word. A girlfriend/lover. I would also like to be of real help and support a nice young person, both emotionally and financially." He offered a $2000 a month allowance or "scholarship" as he called it if we were to be in this type of relationship. He never wanted to see it as a transaction, but instead an older person giving gifts to a younger college aged person in need of help. And this is what it was, I got paid every month and we'd meet up around 3-4 times a month. He was always kind to me, gave me financial and emotional advice and he was good company. I genuinely enjoyed being around him, so it did feel like a relationship to me. For the first few months, nothing was sexual, but around the 3rd or 4th month of our relationship, we had sex at a hotel. We had sex maybe around 3 times. So this is what I am concerned about. Would this be considered prostitution? He sent me a voicemail a few days ago telling me that his wife found out and said not to reply to any messages from him or about him. I just got a message from him saying "My wife wants to meet up with you" and I am pretty sure either his wife is reading his messages, or she sent the message because it said "It's John" and that was the fake alias he used on the website. So I think he told her that I don't know his real name. The wife (who I didn't really know about) found out and now wants to meet up with me, get the money back, and tell me how wrong I was for doing this. And she said if I don't reply by the end of the week, then she will hire a private investigator against me. I am willing to give the money back if it was hers, however I was and still am convinced that the money was all his. I feel bad for the wife, and I didn't know she was in the picture, but I do need the money for tuition so I'm not sure what to do. Is anything I did illegal? If anything was, I'm willing to give the money back to avoid any legal issues, but a problem I have is that I already spent around half of it on my tuition. Thank you to anyone reading this. TLDR: Was a sugar baby, wife found out. She wants the money back and to meet me or else she will hire a private investigator.  For the record there is no his and her money when they are married, it's "their" money so she has every right to know what it was being spent on especially if she is divorcing him and charging adultery as a way to distribute assets. Doesn't sound like she is going this route with him, basically just using him for money like you are/were. Cut off contact from both of them and block all their numbers. If your gonna play with fire, prepare to get burned...some of my sound advice You need to report all income, regardless of the source. There is no minimum for reporting income, only for having to actually pay tax on income. He said in the voicemail that she wants to speak with my parents, so that may be the reason. Do not reach out to him or respond to any messages or calls. If you get calls from numbers you don't recognize just let it go to VM. Forget you ever knew this guy. You don't owe him a thing. You certainly don't owe him a conversation with his wife. Do not meet up with them or talk to them. No matter what they say.   Just gather information about you. They have no legal authority.  Literally all they do is collect information. I can't see any real use one would be in her situation unless she's trying to have you served or something.  Got it, I was doing more research, and I saw something about needing to report tax for something like this? I'm not sure if he gave me enough to where I needed to file taxes though. From summer to now, he gave me less money, about half as much.  This. Don't respond to him or her or agree to a meet up. Don't admit or deny anything or speak to anyone on the matter. If the police somehow become involved (they won't most likely) then get a lawyer. Change your phone number ASAP if you can and take it off all school-related or job-related things. Get a burner phone with a new number if you have to, for the time being. Do this because she obviously has your number. Do the same with any email accounts she may know of (ANYTHING he contacted you via). If someone you don't know shows up at your door, don't answer. If someone calls and asks "is this (your name)", ask who they are and refuse to give info on yourself. (Politely. Such as "I'm sorry, who is this? What did you say your name was? What company do you represent?" Then shut them down "I don't know why you're calling me nor do I want to speak with you. Don't call this number again. Thanks." Don't be scared or anything else. If he stole from his wife that is on him: the less you know, the better. You were unaware of the theft (assuming there was any, which is doubtful) and not party to it. Cut contact and move on. If something escalates come on back for more advice. Don't let them scare you with threats or let them trespass on your property or harrass you. PIs can be nasty threatening thugs but they have no real power. Thank you for your response. The relationship is definitely over, but I was wondering, what could a private investigator do against me?  I would follow his voicemail, not any written text messages. It's time to block, ignore and move on.  Just stop communicating with him and move on. This type of relationship is not necessarily illegal, given the fact that you didn't have sex in exchange for money. Still though, it's best to just avoid the drama. 