 So firstly I am a 17 year old male from South Africa and I’m sorry if this is the wrong place to post this but I just don’t know what to do. So, for most of my life my dad wasn’t really there and when he was it was more of just another presence rather than someone who actually cared. I’ve always had a problem with him since I was little and recently it’s escalated to the point where I don’t feel safe in my own home. He would neglect his own family for one of his mistresses and always lied about his whereabouts, come home at 3am or later, Y’know the usual “shitty husband/farther” character. He insults my mother a lot and makes her feel horrible/ not good enough about her self and it hurts me deeply to see her suffer with him, Yet she can’t leave him cause she always has been and still is financially dependent of him. He would always, and still does nothing but argue with me or insult me be it with homophobic slurs or emasculating insults. The only “affection” he shows is with money and I could care less about that. And his attitude has only gotten worse with my family having to sell our company and losing most of their money. So yesterday my one dog urinated in our house and my dad started kicking him, like I remember hearing the dog whimpering and when I came to the scene he was still kicking it to the point where his foot hit his neck so hard, he flipped over and fell on his back. So then and there I push him back and yell “what the fuck is wrong with you” He then proceeded to take a glass and throw me with it that it broke on my knee. He was also 100% sober during this while ordeal as far as I know. After he went upstairs I ran to my room shaking and yelling hoping the neighbors would call the police. I tell my mother that I’m going to call the police but she pushes me back and slaps me through the face after I told her to get off of me. She’s been acting like his own personal apologist the last two days, but I never will forgive him for what his done. He as no right to call himself my father as far as I’m concerned. I don’t want to call the police now because it would affect my mother and sister negatively, they’re both highly dependent off of him and his money. I can’t emancipate myself since I can’t work (I’m 17, and the employment rate for unschooled workers here in South Africa is at an all time low.) I don’t want to call CPS cause the state of our country’s government services are horrid. I have contacted my aunt and have at least somewhere to go if anything happens again. I’ve spoken to my mother but she doesn’t take me seriously and keeps trying to justify his actions as a “spur of the moment” action, No getting through to her. I’ve been locked up in my room all day, my family acts as if nothing happens but I just can’t get over it. I almost burst into tears every time I think back to that moment or even look at my dog. I don’t want to live with these horrible people anymore and the more time I spend in this house the less I want to live. What can I do legally? I’m beyond desperate. I want to say I’m so so sorry. I’m in the US. 1. Dog- can you rehome him or give him to a rescue? I’m guessing calling the police or your version of the ASPCA are things you don’t want to do. They would be the ones to report to and then if they take the dog you don’t have control on where he goes and then the dog is at risk because you called. 2. You, mom, and sister. Unless you report him you are stuck. You financially can’t leave. Your sister is in school. Your mom is afraid and she honestly has the most power to get him to leave. Of course calling the police and child services are your only two options unless your mom makes him leave and divorces him. If she did plan that they should still be called for safety of everyone. If no one will call- and I get it. Best friend is from South Africa. You keep yourself safe and stay out of the house as much as possible till you can leave. See if you can get a therapist to talk about the abuse and help you heal. 