 So I have this friend who is in a relationship that is going downhill, problem is awhile ago their SO convinced them to move all of their savings into his bank account and use his bank account as the "savings account" and use her bank account as her regular checking account. Is there anything my friend can do to get even a portion of that money back should the relationship end? Ohio's wiretapping law is a "one-party consent" law. She might consider trying to get it on recording how much money in the account is hers. Thank you very much She certainly has a right to request the money back. She should keep records of transfers/deposits that she's made and ought to put the records into a secured backup (e.g. a Google Drive that only she has the password to). If he says no and all $10k is hers, she may need to speak to a real lawyer and sue because this will exceed the small claims limit. Thank you, but legally she has a right to ask for it back, thats good news Couldnt it have also been transferred digitally? If thats the case that would be tracked as well, correct? Are you out of your mind? Your answer to getting money back is to commit a felony? Go away. OP - the money wasn't a gift so she would be entitled to its return. She should ask for the money back and deposit it into her account. If he refuses, she can sue. It's unclear how much of the money is actually hers, since you allude to "their savings." She'd only be able to get back her money. This is one of the reasons why people are warned against doing this kind of thing with people they aren't married to. Her bank would only have a record of the withdrawals, not the deposits into the savings account, but those withdrawals might be enough. She should make sure she knows when how much money she moved. I will ask, I'd assume its likely the bank she uses would keep a record of things like this? So I'm assuming she didnt have her name added to the savings account prior when she agreed to do this. That would be a pretty big mistake. Can she prove what money she has contributed to the account (via payroll direct deposit slips) I'm sure the account shows deposit sources so that should demonstrate what money was hers.  Her money is in his checking account. Upwards of $10,000 Female friend put all of her savings into boyfriends bank account per his request. Time went on and the relationship became unstable. Female friend may potentially want out of relationship without losing all her money.  The pronoun use is confusing me...