 TLDR: withheld rent because I didn't have hot water. 7 months later I got a letter in the mail saying my landlord will evict me if I don't pay. I live in Pennsylvania When I first moved into my apartment (April 2018) I did not have hot water. This lasted for 5 days. I made the management office aware of the problem immediately (via email) but it took them 5 days to fix it so I told them (via email) that I would be whitholding rent for 5 days because of this (~$300). The property manager told me that she would reach out to her supervisor to find out if this was acceptable. I did not hear back from her. In October 2018 a different property manager emailed me saying I had an outstanding balance and needed to pay it. I replied explaining the situation, CC'd the property manager from April, and attached a copy of the previous email thread. The first property manager replied saying "I had reviewed your situation with our regional director as promised and she should have been in touch. " I was never contacted by the regional director. I got a letter in the mail yesterday (December 2018) saying my balance is due immediately or I will be evicted in 10 days. I know PA has laws protecting tenants that allows them to withhold rent due to lack of "habitability". How do I proceed with this so I don't have to pay the $300? Seems to me you confused two different concepts. 1. Withhold and repair. 2. Withhold and pay once fixed. Pennsylvania has very strict rules about how these things work. Doesn't seem like you followed them. Regardless, the landlord fixed the problem, not you, so you didn't pay for it. You stayed in the apartment while the landlord fixed the problem, so you didn't have any expenses related to staying elsewhere. Pay the money or you will be evicted. You will have to pay legal fees. And you will have an eviction on your record.  At most you are entitled to an abatement for lack of use. You can not withhold rent after they fixed the issue. You can request an abatement(refund) for the days without water, thus would typically be no more that 50% of the rental value. You could sue for that amount if you so choose and a judge would review it to determine if the landlord should pay anything. Fixing your hot water in 5 days would be reasonable in most places. You are definitely in the wrong here. The landlord acted reasonably quickly to fix the hot water issue. You stayed in the dwelling during this time so your “habitability” argument is weak at best. You didn’t make the repair yourself so you aren’t entitled to any financial claim. 5 days without hot water sucks but it’s not “life or death.”  You do have to pay the $300. Withholding rent means you don't pay until it's fixed. It doesn't mean you get those days free. Pay him the money. Yea, you're the one in the wrong here. In PA, you can't withhold rent unless a government agency or department certifies that a dwelling is uninhabitable, and even then you have to deposit rent into an escrow account. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.