 We are moving to another state and hired a company to help us with the move. Someone came and gave us a walkthrough and estimate. Once the truck was packed, the weight was double what they quoted us and it went from 18k to around double that. Of course we’re quite uneasy and worried as it’s quite a jump in price. Is this how this works? Is there anything I can do? I feel I’ve been scammed and it feels terrible. Thanks very much in advance for your help.  An estimate is an approximation. This seems more like a guess. But whatever. Thanks  Estimates are non-binding. Because they are estimates. I think that’s my question and what I thought this sub helped with. Legal advice. They walked thru and took detailed notes on what we had and gave us a quote and somehow they made the “mistake“ of 11.000 pounds. And apparently this is everyday business across the industry? Refer back to this: 't touch interstate moving companies and the federal regulators are bogged down with complaints and tend to defer to local authorities. ...and this: Keep in mind you signed a contract. If the contract said the price was by weight, and it actually weighs what they said it does, that's what you are obligated to pay. You have recourse (e.g., suing them) if they lied about the weight to get you to pay more.  Thanks for your help. This seems like weak legal advice. I hope someone else has something to add. I don’t understand how this is normal practice and you’re expected to just deal with it.  Yes it does seem wrong, but if the weight was really that much different than the estimate, it is what it is. The discrepancy is 11,000 pounds. And that’s after we got rid of a piano and a trampoline which are pretty heavy and our biggest items. Almost a 20,000 dollar difference from the walkthru quote. Seems like this should be illegal. Something is wrong with something if this kind of thing is customary. Seems like there’s more protection for a company and zero protection for a consumer; in all industries.  Yea, your best bet is probably to just pay up. If you think they committed fraud of some sort, you can later sue them for whatever you think you overpaid, but in order to get your belongings back safely paying now is probably the best bet. So this means.... I’m hosed? The contract says it’s based on weight which is double what our walkthru estimate said. And that’s after we got rid of our piano, trampoline and a few other heavy items.  Read your contract. A huge number of these companies utilize shady tactics and getting any regulatory body to act is next to impossible since the states won't touch interstate moving companies and the federal regulators are bogged down with complaints and tend to defer to local authorities. 