 So, a couple of months ago, I was hit by a guy who pulled out of a stop sign and hit me as I was on the main road, having the right of way. His insurance found him 100% at fault, as did my insurance. I had to rent a car for the month I was without mine due to the accident. I did not have rentals included on my insurance. After he was found at fault, I followed my claim rep’s advice and sent my receipts for the rental to the other guy’s insurance. I was told by the other guy’s insurance that the receipts had to come from my insurance. I went back to my insurance and asked them to forward the receipts: no answer for weeks. I finally went to my claim rep’s supervisor today to find out what the holdup was. I was told that the other guy was refusing to accept full responsibility for the accident. I was told that he has a hearing January 4 to determine liability. Being that I cannot be a part of the hearing to ensure that the court knows all of the details that disprove his claim that I was speeding, I’m wondering how to ensure that my input gets taken into account in his hearing. It’s thousands of dollars that is hanging in the balance waiting for his hearing to be conducted. His claim that I was speeding is completely false and literally impossible given the situation. Unfortunately, I cannot explain the details that prove this to be true because I am not a part of the hearing. How do I ensure that the actual facts are known at the hearing? How do I make sure that I am reimbursed for my rentals? I have had hearings before and know that the court doesn’t really care who is at fault or not. I’m nervous that I’m going to be stuck with these thousands of dollars out of pocket for an accident that I was not at fault for. This isn't a court hearing. This is a private dispute resolution procedure between the other party and the other party's insurance company. OP has no right to be a part of that process. I understand your point of view, and his insurance company MAY allow you to participate if they choose to do so. However, they are not required to allow you to participate. This is a private matter between two contracting parties. And he likely has the right under the insurance contract to request this hearing. Until either a settlement is reached or you have a judgment from the court, the insurance company has no obligation to pay you. All this hearing is going to determine is whether, in the insurance company’s opinion, their driver is at fault. Based on that, they’ll make a determination about what to offer you. At that point it’s your decision whether you want to accept, continue negotiating, or go to court.   Not exactly, although this is a common misconception. If you're driving in an unsafe manner and your actions contributed to the crash, you can share liability. Simple example: I'm backing out of a parking spot in a crowded parking lot. I see nobody coming in either direction, so I continue cautiously backing out at a safe speed. Along comes an idiot doing 50 down the parking row. He hits my car. Due to his unsafe speed, he'd share liability. I'd even argue that his excessive speed made it impossible for any reasonable driver to react in time, and that he should assume full responsibility. Another simple example: I'm driving down the interstate. A car is merging alongside me. They have a yield sign. I see the car begin to slowly drift towards my lane. I see that there is no traffic around me and I can safely change lanes. I choose not to do so because "I have the right of way". We crash. I'm absolutely getting some liability because of my failure to react. Still another simple example: I brake check another driver on the interstate. "It's his responsibility to maintain a safe distance," I think to myself as I apply full brakes at 70. He rear ends me. I'm absolutely getting some liability there because I wasn't operating in a safe manner. I have given a recorded statement, but it was before he started trying to say that I was speeding. I have facts that prove that’s not possible, given the situation, that I’m hoping they will allow me to share for them to take into account. And it’s literally going to cost me thousands of dollars (the cost of the rental for a month) if his insurance decides he’s not 100% liable (although they had initially ruled that to be so). So there’s no way I can allow this to cost me all of that money. They have to allow representation. Either that or it becomes a legal matter. I’m hoping that it doesn’t have to go that way. I've been in a not at fault accident before and the guy who caused it was trying to make excuses saying that 'I was speeding' even though I wasn't. From my understanding, even if you, or I were speeding it has no effect on the situation. You still had the right of way and they still had the responsibility to ensure it was safe for them to make their turn. This doesn't sound like a court hearing, just part of the appeal process between this guy and his insurance company.  That’s what I figured. Have you already given a recorded statement to his insurance? You likely don’t have any right to be at that hearing as your interests are not affected. Yes I know it seems like they are. But, the sole purpose of this hearing is likely determine the insured’s (the other driver’s) rights with respect to his insurance company. Don’t be surprised or alarmed if you’re not allowed to participate.  I am just waiting to hear back as to whether I’ll have representation at the hearing or not. The hearing is between the other guy and his insurance. I just spoke to his insurance, and the hearing is with them. I have asked them to tell me how I can be involved in the process or be represented. Thank you for this response! I just reached out to his insurance to get some information and the hearing is, in fact, with his insurance agency. I have asked for a call back with any information as to how I can be represented in this hearing to ensure the facts put forth are accurate. My insurance will not subrogate the rental expenses because rentals were not included in my policy (I have since changed that). So the reimbursement is totally dependent upon his insurance acknowledging his fault. I am not worried about fault, as the case is VERY cut and dry: me being on the main road, him being stopped at a stop sign and pulling out and hitting the rear driver’s side wheel. Fortunately, his insurance company (Progressive) has their shit together. They are extremely responsive and found their guy at fault weeks before my insurance found him at fault. I have confidence that they will make sure I am able to be represented in this hearing in one fashion or another.  You have three options: 1. Wait for his insurance company to move forward with reimbursement. 2. Ask your insurance company to subrogate your rental expenses, but understand that if they can't get the other company to pay, you WILL have to reimburse your insurance company. 3. Sue the other driver in small claims court. The court couldn't care less about the personal dispute between him and his insurance company; a judge will examine the situation objectively and award damages as appropriate. Keep in mind, however, that the judge may decide your damages are excessive and/or that you are somewhat responsible.  What kind of hearing is this and why can you not be present?  Assuming your insurance company is representing your interests at the hearing, make sure they have all the relevant facts. 