 My coworker and I are pretty close at work, and I recently had a surgery on my ACL that I was pretty open about. I didn't mind sharing it with her, as I was taking leave from work for a few weeks and she'd be handling a lot of our projects. Her husband is also and anesthesiologist at the hospital I was having my surgery, so we made a few jokes about him possibly being my anesthesiologist and left it at that. Fast forward to post op, and I'm on the phone with her discussing some work when she says, "I hope your surgery went well, (husband) looked up your medical records and told me that you had one of the best surgeons in the hospital." Which is something I could've told her myself, and would've if she had asked, so it left me feeling violated to say the least, but I left it at that as it's not my primary care hospital and they don't have any records from me beyond what was needed for the surgery. Now that I'm back at work, we we're chatting some more about life, when she says that my anesthesiologist (not her husband, but one of his coworkers) has been telling her about my surgery as well! Now I feel really weird about it because it's just so invasive on something I didn't mind talking about myself anyways. I told her it was weird that they were talking about it beyond just in passing, and left it at that for now. I'm not sure if I want to pursue it further, but if I do, what are my options? I don't know if I want to get her husband in trouble because they have a young child and if he lost his license they wouldn't be able to afford living here and would have to find somewhere else to live, but I also feel slightly violated that he would tell her something off my medical records like that, and his gossiping coworker isn't any better for it either. I don't know if it changes anything because I told her so much about it in the first place, though. It wasn't something I cared about sharing because it's just a knee surgery but it's something /I/ want to share, not other people, especially doctors. TL;DR: Nosy coworker now knows more about my knee than I do thanks to doctor husband and his co-workers. What do? If it helps soothe your mind any, while he may HAVE looked it up in your record somewhere, it's entirely possible he knew who did the surgery just from looking at the board they have in the OR area, or something. Usually the patient's name is anonymized (I had surgery recently, and I think it was just first and last initials, or maybe it was first name, last initial or something), but it has a thorough but not super-detailed description of the procedure (including the body part) so if there was only one knee that day, and your co-worker had mentioned to him that you were having knee surgery, he wouldn't have even needed to know your name or look up your record to see who your surgeon was. I mean, if he DID go into your record, that's still a violation of HIPAA, even if he didn't learn anything he couldn't have learned elsewhere, and it's definitely a violation of your privacy if he told your co-worker details of the procedure itself or whatever (and there are possibly non-HIPAA-violating but still privacy-invading things he could have learned, like if he heard from someone in your procedure that you said something silly as you were going under or something, and then passed it along to his wife). So anyway, I sympathize that this feels invasive, but hopefully he didn't tell her anything you would've minded her knowing, and you can decide whether to report and to whom, but I hope this helps ease your mind a little bit.  I went to the HHS website and it was really confusing on how to submit a complaint to them, so I believe I'll call them later this week when I have some time. Thanks for the help, I appreciate it.  It’s highly unlikely it will result from that. Working in an insurance company, we would take HIPPA violation complaints every day and send them to the hospital. None of those doctors ever got fired. They get slapped on the wrist and told to try again. But, in the grand scheme of things, it is up to you, OP OCR does not investigate anonymous complaints to my knowledge, but you can mark that you want your information protected It varies wildly, ranging from a slap on the wrist to criminal offenses. This incident in and of itself would be more of a civil issue (fines, warnings, etc) She said something along the lines of, "I know he's not supposed to, but he looked at your records and said you had the best surgeon in the hospital because he's the chief of sports medicine surgery there." Which is something I hadn't told her because I didn't find out until the day of my surgery and hadn't talked to her since then. I paraphrased a bit in my OP.  I'm not sure either, I'm really on the fence about it. I don't think either her husband or my anesthesiologist should get away with talking to my coworker about my medical history, but I don't want either of them to get fired, I just want the fear of God put into them so it won't happen again. I mean, medical school is expensive and I don't want them to lose their licenses or anything like that...  Are HIPAA complaints anonymous? Or would I have to put my name on it? My office is very, very small and she's been here a lot longer than I have, I don't want to lose my job over this. And is a HIPAA complaint a slap on the wrist or is it a fireable, lose your license offense? I don't know whether OP wants the doctor to be disciplined. Do you?  Talking to the doctor involved won’t really get you anywhere. I’ve seen it first hand. Your best bet is to tell your hospital or HHS. I don't want to talk to the doctor involved because I don't even know her husband and I doubt I'm ever going to see my anesthesiologist again. I'm assuming there's no way to report this anonymously? My office is very small and she's been here a lot longer than I have, I don't want to lose my job over this.  There's a decent chance her husband's actions may already be under scrutiny if he looked up the medical records of someone who was not his patient on the hospital EMR Your recourse here would be to file HIPAA complaints The first part of your comment is correct. The second part is wildly inaccurate. OP, you can either report to HHS or to the hospital. Or you can talk to the doctor involved. 