  Just a little about me, I can be very naive and trusting as to why I did all of this. After 2 years of trying and finally gathering the strength to walk away, my ex husband and I were going through a nasty divorce. We have an almost 2 year old daughter. He refused to sign anything because he didn’t want the divorce. Once things calmed down and he began accepting the divorce, we started to discuss terms. He is a contractor and works out of country for the majority of the time. He didn’t want to be put on a schedule because he didn’t know when he would be able to see his daughter. He was also $80,000+ in debt so he asked me to work with him. He wanted us to be “friends” and have no rules aka no child support/equal custody. I’ve been alone my whole pregnancy and have raised my 2 year old on my own with almost no support from him. I was hesitant on equal since it’s always just been my daughter and I. He convinced me that he just wanted it on paper because he wanted me to prove to him we can be friends and that i won’t keep his daughter from him whenever he wants to visit. That he knew that I’m the one that in reality has complete custody of our daughter but that he needed this for him to agree with the divorce and he gave me his word he wouldn’t screw me over since I did him the favor. I also agreed because I wanted the divorce done and it was finally finalized. Equal custody on everything and on the visitation clause it states 2 weeks at a time unless we both agree she can stay more with him. I agreed to this visitation because he made me understand that since he’s out of country he could only see her about once a year to twice. So I thought what’s the harm in letting her stay for two weeks with her father? A year later now, we are discussing what he’s planning on doing once he is in the states (about 3 years from now). He tells me that he’s planning on living in my town and that he wants her 50% of the time since that’s what’s on the divorce decree. 2 weeks with me and 2 weeks with him. I explained to him that that was just on paper and I was willing to work out another schedule with him if he can see her more often but he is determined to keep his custody. Keep in mind that this man has not offered support and has only seen his daughter twice in a year so my daughter doesn’t know him. I feel like it would be hard on her to live like this. My ex husband keeps on telling me that this is how the agreement will stay and that there’s nothing I can do about it. Any advice?  Since he is planning to start taking her years from now, you should be able to fix this. You need to get a lawyer. Then file to modify the agreement as soon as you can. Do not let him know ANYTHING that you are considering until the papers are filed. That the court ordered custody does not match what parenting is actually happening is one of the best reasons for asking for a modification. Child support needs to be included also since he doesn’t actually have expenses for 50% custody. But get lawyer and tell him nothing but what the lawyer recommends. 1. File a motion to modify custody so it reflects what has actually been happening. When he moves back to the area, he can file his own motion to modify the visitation schedule. 2. If you haven’t already, keep written documentation of when he has any contact with your daughter - phone, letters, or in person. Child support is based on the custody/visitation that is in the court order, not what is actually happening, which is why you want the order to reflect reality. Local attorneys will be the most helpful resource on the correct procedures to get this accomplished. He absolutely can request for 50% custody. What you should do is immediately file for child support. Comply with the current order. If taken to court, contact a family law lawyer. No it doesn’t state every month. It just states whenever he does have her it could be 2 weeks at a time. I’m just worried since he has equal custody that he can use that to his advantage once he’s here The court order says he gets 2 weeks, you get 2 weeks, and this occurs every month? Done! 