 Basically I went to a dealership to buy a motorcycle and bought what they displayed as a 2017 Sv650 with ABS. That is the model (sv650Al7) that shows up on their bill of sale on receipts. The issue is the motorcycle they gave me is the non-ABS version that comes with a different model number (sv650l7). That is the model I have on my financing contract also. To make things worse the bill of sale reported to the state has another completely different model (sfv650). The only thing that does make sense is that the VIN is the same on each form. The transaction date was 11/17 and I didn’t figure it all out till now. What can I actually do about this? I don’t think so. With ABS on bikes it is somewhat obvious since they write ABS on the front wheel fender which isn’t present on mine. I can also search the VIN and the non-abs model shows up. I’m going to go talk to them tomorrow. The only issue is you can’t just install ABS so it’s not as easy as the accessories. I would either need a new bike or a refund for the cost of ABS since it is a $500 premium.  Do you have the build sticker? Do they have these on bikes? I had an issue when I purchased a truck. The build sticker on the window included accessories that weren’t delivered with the truck. Took that back to the dealership and they had to get me the parts free of charge Bc it was listed on the build sticker  They are the ones who screwed up. They need to make you whole. If you want the bike with ABS, get it. Make sure of it. Like Sprinkles said, it's lifesaving and you should get it.  At this point I think it would be easier to just ask for the $500 plus tax back that ABS runs. Would be easier than swapping bikes and having to redo everything.  ABS is fantastic. Life saving. Fight for it. I’m going to talk with the manager this week. I was just looking for options to bring up during the meeting or options to pursue if it doesn’t go well.  Have you called the dealership? Yes in that it was labeled as the ABS model and I negotiated a price based on that.  Are you paying the price for one with the ABS? The VIN matches on all paperwork. The issue is with the model numbers. I only have an issue since I bought a model with ABS but was given one without.  The VIN number one the paperwork matches the VIN on the bike? Well since I’m financing the finance company has it and they have the correct model and vin listed.  Did you get the vin# listed on the title? 