  I have court on the 21st for recieving stolen property Heres my story, Over the summer i bought some gift-cards online on gift-card granny for a local grocery store called BiG Y, i went to store and made my purchases with no problem gift card scanned with out a hitch through my wallet app on phone Fast foward 4 months im getting calls from the police in the town of the big y asking about the purchases now perhaps this is my fault for not speaking with them but to be honest i hate the police and think speaking to them creates more problems than solutions regardless of the problem. Anyways i think to myself if they have enough i will go to court and present my case there My question is, I paid using paypal, i made a store rewards card using my real information aka how they even found me in the first place... Will that information be enough for the judge to see that i could have no idea the card was stolen?? Please advise, court is this friday and thank you in advance.... Happy holidays As messed up as it sounds it is illegal to accept stolen goods whether you new they were stolen or not. That being said if you are willing and able to pay back the amount that was stolen that is a very good start and should go a long way. As far as the lawyer thing goes, it may end up costing you a lot more not to have one. That being said if they are pursuing criminal charges you should at least be able to get a court appointed attorney. Just because you don't have a criminal record doesn't mean that your first crime couldn't be receiving stolen goods. I can't make this more clear. You need an attorney. See if you can find one who will take payments. But going at this alone may end with things going very badly for you. if thats the case, so be it i will pay that back without a problem, court is this friday and obtaining a lawyer is not an option without money i dont have the money for one right now so that is not a possibilty, i have no criminal history what so ever, i dont understand how the court will not be able to see that i did not know items were stolen You are accused of a serious crime, and if you do not have a lawyer you need one yesterday. Even if you didn’t know there is a good chance that you will have to pay the store the money owed for the goods you purchased. If you have to go to court get a lawyer. You need a lawyer to represent you. These are criminal charges. This isn't something that you want to do alone. 