 Title is the gist of it. My old roommate moved out a year ago and I couldn't afford to be on my own at that time and my girlfriend offered to let me live with her and get back on my feet. I have found a job and am working on paying off all past debt. Girlfriend and I split but I still live in the house we rent. We had discussions about what I owe her and we agreed $1200 and for me to pay her back. I paid $150 in October, couldn't afford to last month, and this month I paid her $100 and am giving her another $150 in five days. She apparently missed 2 large car payments earlier in the year and got a repossession letter and owes them $1200. Now she is telling me I have to pay her the remaining $1000 by the end of the month or she will start selling my personal items (guitars, amplifier, etc) to make up for it. What can I do to protect my items and is there any legal advice I can get? Thanks. You're in a lousy position, to be honest. Your smartest move is to get your belongings out of her house as soon as possible. She may not legally take and sell your belongings, no. If she does, you may sue her in small claims court for the value of anything she sells or otherwise refuses to give you. However, she can sue you for the remainder of the money you owe her as well, and I would expect her to do that, honestly. You need to try to get your things. If she refuses, you can ask the police if they will do a standby while you come collect them. They can not intervene in any way if they will do it, though. It is a civil matter and not criminal. They can not force her to let you in to get them. They only serve to try to keep the peace. Again, if she refuses, you need to sue her for the current value of anything she refuses to hand over. You must first send her a written demand for payment or return, then file in small claims if she refuses.  You can secure or remove your items from the household to protect them. She is not within her rights to take and sell your stuff (that'd be theft), but laws don't stop people from doing things any more than stop signs force cars to come to a stop. If she takes your stuff, call the police and file a report. But take steps to protect your stuff first and foremost. When you're legally obligated to pay her the balance of the money you owe is going to come down to whatever agreements for repayment that you've made between each other. If she were asking the question about how to get you to pay what you owe, the advice would be "sue him in small claims court," just FYI. That's her recourse -- a lawsuit, not theft of your stuff. [removed]