 Odd questions perhaps, but I'm wondering if there is any way to protect a Will from getting tampered with or a fake one made when the lawyer handling it may not be completely honest. Maybe I'm a little ignorant on the legalities surrounding this, but some background: I've got an Uncle that's pretty up there in years at this point, guy did very well for himself and will have a decent estate leftover when he goes. He has no children and his wishes are for an equal distribution among his brothers / sisters (or their surviving heirs). He also has a sizable chunk of land he has been very clear he does not wish to be developed / built out. Normally I imagine this would be fairly straightforward, but there's some history of deceit within that side of the family. Specifically, one of my Aunts passed away (before I was born). My parents had a copy of her Will, and she was close with my Father and was quite clear up until the end what her intentions for her assets were (also no children). After her death a "new" Will comes to light from a scumbag cousin that basically gave him and his family everything of value. He got his current house, another house, most of her life insurance, etc... out of it. I don't know the details particularly well, but apparently this was a combination of: 1) Her lawyer was a small town lawyer very friendly with said cousin and his family - recommended to her by them 2) A notary at the same lawyer's office helping It was clear at the time what they did apparently, not only the intent but also something to do with the surname they used to sign for her not being applicable at the date she supposedly signed it on. Father didn't want to cause a fuss / divide the family, and frankly didn't care about getting any portion of her assets. It might seem unlikely, but the Uncle mentioned in the beginning was actually complicit in it (Cousin's mother was his favorite sister) and admitted to it about 25 years after the fact. Anyways fast forward to the present and scumbag cousin is setting it up again... he's the executor, different lawyer but also a friend of his, much higher stakes in terms of asset value. You would think my Uncle would be wise to the trick, but he's a little blinded by the whole favorite sister's kid thing. Is there anything that can be done to protect against a similar thing happening again, or some 'death bed' style change of heart that supposedly occurs and no one knows about? Parents also have a copy of my Uncle's Will, but it doesn't mean much if they date a new one a week before he dies or something. He's also not willing to switch lawyers. I don't really care about the money - parents don't either, but I'd like to see his wishes protected regarding his land (guy loves nature). I can guarantee scumbag cousin will sell it to the first developer he can find, I wouldn't be surprised if he's had one lined up for a couple years at this point. My plan / idea has been trying to talk my Uncle into donating it to the State or Towns as some kind of conservation land before he passes - he's seemed somewhat open to it, but I'm wondering what the best legal approach could be.  Something like this may be the best approach, but if the uncle's existing will has the cousin as executor, and the uncle insists on using the cousin's friend for a lawyer, there may wind up being finagling anyway. Ideally the uncle would meet with a new lawyer specializing in estate planning and set things up to avoid probate and estate tax as much as possible. For example, if OP's uncle decided to hold some property (house, vehicles, bank accounts, etc.) as a joint tenant with right of survivorship with his chosen heirs that would be a way to avoid probate for those assets. OP, is your uncle's estate worth more than $1 million? If so, his estate may be subject to Massachusetts estate tax. I think even assets held jointly would be subject to the estate tax. Giving/donating some of his assets early might be a way of avoiding some of the estate tax. OP, perhaps you could convince your uncle that a new lawyer expert in estate planning could help avoid unnecessary taxes and probate fees? If your cousin is working with your Uncle to have a new will made, and your Uncle signs it in front of witnesses, there isn't a lot you can do. If you have evidence that your cousin and his lawyer are preparing a will without your Uncle's consent, you should consult your own lawyer about how to proceed. If all you have are suspicions and hearsay I don't think you'll get very far. A lawyer might be able to find problems in the new will to get all or some of it invalidated. Good luck. The best thing is to get your uncle to take as many steps as possible to wrap up his affairs in a permanent way. For instance, your idea of donating land before he dies. (But it might be better for him to donate to a conservation trust rather than the town / city, if his intention is to keep it from being developed.) Another thing he can do is set up an irrevocable trust, which can hold the bulk of his investments and money, and which would be beyond the reach of a will.