 I am 24 years old and have been living in an apartment in NYC since April 2018. I was originally a subletter in this apartment, finishing up the last 6 months of someone else's lease. When the lease expired, my old roommate chose to rent elsewhere, and I found a new roommate to begin a new lease with in the apartment, because I wanted to stay. Our new lease began on October 1, 2018 and our monthly rent is $3,250, which we have informally chosen to split 50/50, with each of us paying $1,625 per month. We are both official tenants on the lease. My roommate is an Australian working in the USA on a special work visa. She had planned to go home to Sydney for the Christmas holidays, with her flight on December 22. Last week, she suddenly tells me that someone in her family has gotten severely ill and that she is probably going to need to extend her trip to Australia indefinitely. She said she would request to work from home overseas for as long as possible, but if her company doesn't allow it, she plans to quit her job in NYC, sublease her room, and move back to Australia, all by December 22 (12 days from now), which seems unrealistic to me. I have carefully read through my lease, which states the following regarding subletting the apartment: "Tenant may not assign or sublet Tenant's interest in the Lease without the express written consent of the Owner. It is at the Owner's sole discretion whether to accept or refuse this request. If accepted, said request is subject to an $850.00 fee. It is agreed and understood that Tenant shall not operate a (daily, weekly or monthly) short term furnished rental/hotel of any type from the above mentioned apartment. If Tenant is found to be using the apartment for an illegal use, said Lease will be terminated immediately, and all security will be forfeited. In addition, any fees that may be levied against premises due to the illegal use shall be solely the responsibility of the Tenant, in addition to interest, penalties, and legal fee." My lease also states that we are jointly and severally liable, meaning that we are each 100% responsible for the rent, but if one tenant does not pay their portion, the other can sue for damages. This essentially means that she can bail on the rent and I'd be fully responsible for the entire $3,520, but I'd have to go through the trouble of suing her to get back any money. According to the paragraph above, she may sublet to anybody she pleases without my permission or approval first, which seems inherently unfair, considering I'll have to live with the person. This is my first time officially renting an apartment and it unfortunately did not occur to me to author an official contract between my roommate and me to protect myself before the lease began (lesson learned!). In hindsight, I probably should have had a sign a statement saying that she would need my expressed and written consent in order to sublease to someone, as well as a written agreement for each of us to pay $1,625 plus half the utilities. What can I do in the event of the following possible situations: 1. She completely bails on the rent, moves back to Australia, and I never hear from her again. At that point, how can I pursue legal action on someone who is overseas in Australia? 2. She quickly finds someone to sublet to relieve herself of the rent payments, and the person is completely unsuitable to live with (drug user, unclean, etc.). What protections do I have if this person does NOT pay the rent/utilities? I have been panicking this entire week, trying to figure out what I can possibly do to alleviate/fix this situation. Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated.  This is a great comment. Not a lawyer, but I've had lots of fun roommate situations. If you've had a good rapport with her so far and she seems to feel appropriately badly about the situation, I suggest coming to an agreement with her that you both will start looking for a subletter now, and she will pay any associated fees. That way you have more time to find someone acceptable. If you don't find someone in the next week or so, you can request that she help lower the subletter's rent by pitching in $100-200 a month for the remainder of the lease term to sweeten the deal. Or you can do this yourself, if you look at the risks and decide it's worth it to pay a little more each month instead of getting stuck with the full rent payment and having to sue her. Her situation is sad and uncertain, but the decent thing to do is not jerk you around, and just decide now she's moving out whether she's staying in the US or not so you can move on with what you need to do. If she's a reasonable person, hopefully you can come to an agreement. A lot depends on how reasonable she is. I would need to find an Australian lawyer? How would that even be possible? And yes, that is already happening. I'm currently going through the entire burden of finding another roommate. There was no credit check/background check when I was subletting. NAL. Hopefully someone who knows NYC law will chime in. If you don’t sign off on a new sublettor I think the lease would be void because you, a party to the parent lease didn’t sign the sublease. However, if your current roommate decides to move anyway and leave you on the hook because “Hey I found a new roommate for you. What do you want?!” You are probably correct in your suspicions, going after someone out of country is probably unlikely to make you whole. If I were you I would be very proactive in finding your roommate’s replacement, because it’s probably gonna be all on you very shortly anyways. 1. you would likely need to find an Australian lawyer to sue her in Australia to collect any damages. 2. If the owner signs off on the new sublet then you're still in the jointly/severally liable state. This means what you already know, if they don't pay you're responsible to cover it and can only try and sue to get your money back. 3. Again, because of that jointly/severally liable bit you would be subject to eviction if she does short term leases. On the personal level, you may want to offer to help her find someone to sublet. This will help you screen people and (if she can't find someone to sublet) get rent covered if she decides to ghost you. Talk to the unit owner and see if they're willing to work with you if she brings home someone entirely undesirable. My guess is that they'll go through similar application process to what you did. So if there was a credit check then the new person will go through that as well.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.