 Hi, using a throwaway account Here is some background info for about me: My company I work for is in IT and is very small ( about 6 people in total including the boss). I am located in So California and I have to travel to different locations occasionally(usually twice a month sometimes more if there is an emergency or something important needs to be done). Usually when I have to travel I use a company car to get there. I am very confused because my employer is not very clear on when to clock out on days when I have to travel. To my understanding is that I clock out when I get back to the office but my coworker who has been working there longer than I (my coworker been with the company for 3 years and he is the one who trained me, I am a pretty recent hire, have been with this company for about 6 months or so) told me I have to clock out after my 8 hours even though we are still on the road on our way back to the office. Also when I have to use my own personal car to go onsite because my other coworker will use the car (usually because they have to go alot further away) I am told that if i use my personal car for these trips and when I am done working at the location and it is the end of the day, I am told that I will not be compensated for getting back home. I understand that going home should not be compensated but when the location I have to travel to is about an extra 1 hr to get back home, should I also get compensated for that as well? I feel like I should since my company sent me to a location for work that is very far away from my house. My coworker (who trained me) lives alot closer to the office than i do ( his commute is about 30-40 mins and mine is 1hr- 1.5 hrs to get home from the office) and I think this is the reason why he does this. Am I wrong that I think I should not clock out until I get back to the office? I feel guilty for going into overtime when I drive back to the office because the other employees clock out after 8 hours. Also I do not want my boss to retaliate against me for being compensated correctly. I tried to look up these labor laws myself but I only found regular websites and not .gov ones. I just want to be sure before I bring it up to my boss.  Thank you! []() Federal law. Must be obeyed by all states.  Thanks for the reply, and i thought this was the case! Can you give me a reference for this because i tried to find this on a California gov website but i could not find it. I would like to have it when saved for when i talk to my boss  Your employer does not have to pay you for your usual commute time. When you have a substantial difference in the time because you are traveling for work, then you need to be paid for that time. So, let's say your normal commute time is 90 minutes, but you have to add another 90 minutes to go to a different site. That extra 90 minutes should be deemed a substantial difference and you should be paid for it. If, however, the difference is just a couple of minutes, then that probably wouldn't count as a substantial difference. I cannot provide you with a definition of what is substantial because California has not defined what that means. I guess you know it when you see it.  Sometimes my boss will tell me that I can go straight home from the location with the company car (but the location is usually an hour + from my reg commute to get back home from the office)but I do not feel comfortable leaving my personal car overnight at the office. Will this also count? Other times it is just driving back to the office to drop off the company car and going home. Here is an example that happened: Me and coworker drive to santa barbara from Orange county. I leave at like 7 am from the office to pick up my coworker the one that trained me from his house and then go to the location for work but I do not clock in till 8am because that is what he told me to do. After we are done there we make our way back to the office but he tells me to clock out at 5 pm because that is 8 hrs. Even though we are still in traffic and about 1 hour away from his house and about 1.5hrs from the office(i picked him up because his house was on the way to the location so I picked him up from his house). Are you required to go back to the office to drop off the car, do paperwork, etc? Then you are still working and should be paid. But if you leave the site and go home, that's a commute. 