 My dad passed away a few days before Christmas. He thought things like wills, funeral discussions, etc. were morbid, and refused to do any of that. Pro tip - don't do that to your kids! He died with his bank account overdrawn and credit card over the limit. As he was housebound for the last few months of his life, I suspect his housekeeper was using his cards - with his permission or not I don't know. Both cards have been frozen. Anyway, I am on his checking account, so I am fine with getting the checking account up to date and then closing it. However, I don't believe I am responsible for the credit card. Or am I? The accounts were linked for payment purposes. And they are both with Wells Fargo, who I don't trust in the slightest. My time at LA tells me that the bank can pursue his estate for this debt. How would they go about it? He was living on property that is deeded to myself and my siblings, so he didn't own it. His personal belongings include a few non-working vehicles and some tools. I've received an offer already on some of it, but I want to stay above-board regarding this debt. To top it all off, several months ago he allowed an acquaintance to move into a shack on the property - no lease or anything like that. My time here on LA tells me that he's a month to month tenant regardless, so we'll have to ask him to leave in writing, and evict him if he doesn't. Their town uses PO boxes, and I have no idea how to go about getting a certified letter to him through the mail. I don't even know if he has a PO box. Would posting a letter on the door work? I am guessing I need an attorney for this - what kind? Help me Legal Advice, you're my only hope!  It's a joint checking account, so yeah, I'm expecting to be on the hook for that.  Define "on his checking account" You've gotten some good advice so far, but i will add that if the checking account was a joint account, then you might be responsible for that. If so, get it closed out so that there are no new charges you might be held responsible for.  Glad it helped. You'd better hope he had been filing his taxes. For one of the estates I handled, the deceased had not filed taxes for 10 years. That's how I learned about estate insolvency, because it looked like there was going to be so much tax liability. Fortunately, there wasn't, but the tax lien on the house wasn't a thrill to deal with. You may need to consult a CPA or other tax finances expert.  Your links and information has been enormously helpful. Thank you! I didn't even think about his taxes. Ack! IANAL, but I have been the executor or administrator of four estates, one of which had no will. State law governs estates; I am not in Georgia, but there are some general principles that apply. First, nope, as mentioned, heirs are not responsible for the deceased's debts. You and/or your siblings will need to get a probate court order that puts one or more of you in charge of the estate. When there is no will (intestacy), Georgia calls this the "administrator." The administrator has to identify all the assets debts, pay all the debts, and distribute whatever is left in accordance with Georgia law. [Administration of the Estate When There is No Will]() from a government agency in Georgia. And, more than you ever wanted to know, from the Georgia Council of Probate Court Judges: [DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OF DECEDENTS' ESTATES IN GEORGIA](http://gaprobate.gov/sites/default/files/probate/Duties%20of%20PR_8.5x11.pdf) The bank, the phone company, the cell phone carrier, the cable TV company, the IRS, Social Security, and lord knows who all may not do anything for you until you are appointed administrator. They may freeze an account, but not close it until they see the appointment papers. You do need to notify Wells right away, to get the accounts frozen. It is possible to declare an estate to be insolvent, if there isn't enough to pay the debts. [Estate Laws for Insolvent Estates in Georgia](). from Legal Zoom is a start for you. You are going to have to take care of his last income tax filings and may have to file other taxes. IRS will probably require you to get a taxpayer ID to use for the estate, instead of his SSN. Order more death certificates than you think you need. Everyone wants one, then they lose it and ask for another. A probate attorney will probably also be familiar with property law, since so many estates include property. e sure to hire one in Georgia, not someone from another state, if you don't live in Georgia. Someone from your father's city or county would be best as they will really known what the local court wants.  It was deeded sometime in 2007. . Their claim of debt owed will be against your late father's estate. They cannot come after you for it. This is a relief to hear. Thank you! When was the property deeded to the 3 of you? 't going to be difficult about it. WF can try and be difficult about it, but they will have very little(to nothing) backing them up legally. Their claim of debt owed will be against your late father's estate. They cannot come after you for it. I suggest you handle that after your father's estate is settled. If you square everything else away first, you can look into that with a clear mind.  Thank you, I am so sorry for your loss as well. It's a tough time to be focusing on practical matters. His three children (including myself) own the property. He purchased it and then deeded it to us with a lifetime lease for himself. No mortgage. I was just told that the adjacent neighbor has expressed interest in purchasing it, so I guess I need a realtor or real estate attorney as well. Hm. Good to know that I shouldn't be responsible for the debt. Fingers crossed that WF isn't going to be difficult about it. First off, I am sorry for your loss. I lost my own FiL just a few months ago. Find a local probate lawyer. They may be offer an initial consultation for little to no fee. Gather everything you can...credit card statements, bank statements, etc...to paint a complete picture of what you are looking at. Who owns the propperty your father was living on? You shouldn't be responsible for his debt. But don't close his checking account until the probate lawyer confirms that it is alright to do so. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.