 I don’t plan to use his name or any personal information. My style isn’t photo real. I’d call it 80% realistic. People who know him would recognize it, but I’d be careful not to clearly state that it’s him. It’s a background character who briefly has their spine ripped out in a fictional story. I’m hoping that I can’t get sued or arrested for threatening actions.  Hey I get it. Affairs of the heart are tough. But it’s a strange line to say “I’m not a lunatic” and then spend the time to illustrate the death of someone you don’t care for.  I'm just some random guy on the internet with no professional or formal training/education or any stake in this situation whatsoever, so take this with a grain of salt: You may want to talk to someone about this. And I'll leave it at that. Good luck.  I’m not pursuing rational. I’m pursuing gratifying.  Not sure that I would classify illustrating the death of an ex’s new SO completely rational behavior though.  Cool. That’s what I was hoping for. Also, I almost gave up on the book when she left. I let the first 7 pages stagnate and barely drew anything for 5 months. When it hit me last week that I could have this super violent character rip his spine out I’ve been more energized, drawing more, storyboarding again. It really invigorated me more than therapy and medication have.  I mean, practically it seems silly and if I were the guy in question I’d have that page blown up to poster size and framed. Sadly I’ve yet to make a good artist really angry at me.  Perfect. Yeah I wouldn’t do something that drastic. I’m not a lunatic. As long as you're not using his name you're fine. But on a completely different note, maybe consider a different way of dealing with this? Then it’s unlikely a comic book character that looks vaguely like someone you don’t like dying is going to be perceived as a threat or illegal. If you made a 79-page special issue comic that featured him dying in every panel? And titled it “Fuck you, X, the live action version is coming?” Maybe more likely.  US. I put my location in the description  Since you don't want to provide a location who knows. In many countries you'd have broad protection for speech. In some less.