 2 weeks ago, I called the police because I was robbed. While I was robbed, I was pushed down and lightly hit my head. I called the police. When the police showed up, they came with ambulance, which I refused several times. My head was not badly hurt, and I protested them taking me profusely. Once I realized the police were not going to actually help me, I tried to leave. They would not let me. They cited that I had a head injury, and forced me to take the ambulance. Now I have $5,000+ of medical bills, and absolutely nothing was done when I was at the ER. I was completely fine, as I explained to the police. Is there anything I can do to recoup my money? The whole thing was so absurd, I don't think I will ever call the police again if I can help it. [removed] OP said they were pushed down while being robbed.  What crime, exactly?  Being intoxicated puts everything in a grey area. If you were intoxicated to a point where I was worried about your safety and wellbeing, then I would have done the same thing, honestly. No, it's not. The paramedics had a duty to get you treatment if, in their judgment, it was medically unsafe to leave you on your own and you were impaired beyond the ability to make that decision for yourself. Did they physically move/ guide you into the ambulance? They did force me, they said I couldn't leave. They cited that I was intoxicated (I admitted to having 3 beers) and had no way of knowing if I had a head injury. I was intoxicated and admitted to that. Is that still kidnapping? The police didn’t force you to do anything. They may have detained you while they completed their investigation, but if you were lucid enough to speak with them, there’s no way they forced you into an ambulance. You owe the money.  I'm not a legal professional, but I am a paramedic and we receive training in medical-legal. The ambulance personnel cannot take you against your will unless you are not alert and oriented. It amounts to kidnapping. So, either you weren't as "with it" as you thought, or the ambulance personnel kidnapped you. I'd call the ambulance service and request a copy of the run report, and go from there.  Unfortunately you owe the money. You should call the hospital and see if you can negotiate a lower price. They'd rather get half the money than none of it.