 I live in a small (&lt;100 units) coop in Manhattan, about 60% owner occupied. I live at the end of the top floor. There is literally no reason for anyone to go by my door unless they are coming to my apartment. At some point between 2-11AM, my glass Mezuzah was smashed. I know it didn't just fall because the scroll had been ripped up into a bunch of tiny little pieces. Also, that sucker was secure - part of it is still attached to the door. I'm heartbroken because it has sentimental value, but also a little scared considering how deliberately it was destroyed. My question is what to do now? My board passes the fine from calling 311 onto the resident, so I'd ideally like avoid that (apparently it's not an insignificant amount). Is this a 911 situation? Should I wait until my management company opens tomorrow and call them? Is there even anything I can do since there's nothing I can even prove? Thanks so much for any insight.  That's a hate crime. Call 911. If there are security cameras in your building, it doesn't matter that you can't access them yourself because the police should be able to get them. Not OP but Mezuzahs are typically little bit of paper rolled up (imagine a dollar bill rolled up) and then protected by glass If the scroll was torn up, even if just in half it would be very difficult to do so naturally.  [removed] This is so sad. I am an Israeli Jew, OP. If you'd like a new Mezuzah from Israel I would be happy to send you one to replace the ones those scumbags broke. On a legal note, I'd definitely report it to the non-emergency line. The fact that someone knows what a Mezuzah is enough to seek it out, bust it open and destroy the scroll is worrisome. Most people don't know what they are. Be alert.  Oi vey the hateful goyim cattle! This is anuddah Shoah! Is it possible that slamming your door caused it to shatter? Glass has some really weird properties. You said the scroll was torn up; was it into really tiny pieces or in half (E.g. if part was attached to the part that remains on the door)? Not trying to downplay because it is frightening, but am curious about what other possibilities there are  If you have a peephole, look into motion activated peephole cameras, too. I’m sorry you are going through this. It sounds pretty unsettling, to say the least.  I live in the deep Christian south, know exactly two Jewish people, and even I know what it is. I didn’t know what it was called or what it’s purpose is, but it’s pretty identifiable as “that scroll thing Jewish people hang near their door.” Yeah, that vandal knew exactly what they were doing. I’m sorry this happened to you and I’m sure it’s pretty unsettling. Do you have a peephole in your door? If you do, or if you can install one, you can get a motion activated peephole camera.  Don't worry about what it's classified as, yet. You should just report the incident. The police and prosecutors will determine what charges are appropriate. Don't think that your case is too small to matter. NYPD runs on data (they largely created the modern concepts of crime statistics that are used today), so every report counts. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] I'm very sorry that this happened to you. You can re-purpose an old smart phone into a motion-activated security camera. I had a friend use some Sugru to make a mount for hers securing it over her peephole to monitor the door. If she needs to actually peek out, she can just slide the camera off its mount. ^^ Absolutely this. You can buy surveillance cameras for pretty cheap, and while I sincerely hope that this doesn’t happen to you again, in the event that they come back again, you’ll have the evidence to hold them accountable for their actions. Best of luck, OP. Thank you so much for this advice! I'm reaching out to to a Chabad Rabbi tomorrow (as another poster suggested), but hadn't even considered a ritual burial - which seems so obvious now that you've mentioned it. I kept every piece I could find and feel much better knowing that even though it was destroyed it won't just be thrown away.  NAL. Definitely report what happened, as the other posters have suggested. This is good not only for improving the accuracy of crime stats, it may also be helpful in demonstrating a pattern if you have any problems in the future. Also, if you still have the pieces of the mezuzah scroll and you haven't already contacted a rabbi to determine how to dispose of it, please consider doing so. I think irreparably damaged mezuzah scrolls (and maybe cases?) are normally given ritual burial, like a damaged Torah scroll or prayer book would be. A local synagogue should be able to take care of this for you and, like another user said, can probably point you toward additional resources for dealing with this incident and protecting yourself. No one's born knowing this stuff! Plus some building do have some bizarre rules. On the very slim chance that they do have some blanket provision forbidding 311 calls, I'd take it up with the city. In fact, I even wonder if it's legal for them to fine people appropriately reporting violations via 311 to a city agency whose job it is to deal with those violations. I suspect it isn't and that your building is using the threat as a deterrent. Sorry you were the victim of this vandalism and hope your board is supportive. I'm one of the youngest owners in my building. Embarrassingly, this wouldn't be the first time I took them literally when everyone else knew better. Time for my wake up call I guess!  You may want to tell your board about the incident and request clarification on 311 calls. People also call 311 to get info on various city services that have nothing to do with the building so you can be sure that not all 311 calls incur fines. If they did, this pubic service couldn't possibly exist.  Oh no. They didn't mention that, just that all 311 calls incurred a fine which would now be the responsibility of the resident who called it in. Now I'm really regretting just cleaning it up and not calling  My understanding is that the building could be fined for noise or other violations however it wouldn't be fined if someone reports vandalism or violence.  [removed] There's also the fact that the scroll was ripped into over a dozen tiny pieces. As much as I want to, I can't pretend this wasn't intentional.  I hope so. I meant a camera at your door.  Thank you for your condolences and advice. While we have multiple cameras at the front doors, I've never seen any in the hallways and have already inquired about this. My building is actually heavily Jewish (including members of the board) so hopefully it will be taken seriously.  It was very obviously Jewish. As much as I want to give people the benefit of the doubt, this took place in Midtown Manhattan. I find it very unlikely they didn't know what they were ripping up.  There are. I don't have access, but I've asked my super to take a look.  A mezuzah is usually pretty innocuous unless you know what you’re looking for. It’s not like a big led-covered menorah. You either overlook it because you think it’s a doorbell or something or you know exactly what you’re looking at.  OR it's someone who has no idea what it is but just saw a door decoration and wanted to cause trouble.  The way it was described at our last shareholder meeting, everytime a 311 complaint was called against the building (noise or whatever) we were fined, and the fine was taken out of our reserves. We were told that in non emergency situations to notify the management company instead of calling 311, and in the future the fine would be passed on to the resident to avoid having to increase our maintenance fees  I'm so sorry. And I'm apalled there is a fine (!?) for reporting incidents to the non-emergency line!  I would install a discreet camera, and put up another less sentimental one, in hope you can catch who ever smashed the last one if they try again. Is there security/cams at the front entrance? It might give you an idea who came in. Of course, don't be Batman. It's a bit complicated and there's a very low chance of it working, but you could put up another one, and rig a camera to look through the peephole. A trail cam or just a security camera would do. Do you know what a mezuzah is? It’s a Jewish symbol you put on your door and has Hebrew letters on it. If it was purposefully destroyed, then it’s definitely anti-Semitic  There's a fine for calling 311? I am very sorry. I can understand why you would be upset. Is it possible for you to aim some sort of camera at your front door? Ask your board if this is an issue and find out if you can set one up. I would call the non-emergency number for the police, just so they are aware of the situation. I would also report it to your board. This sounds like someone who knows what a Mezuzah is for, understands that the scroll is very important, and was engaging in anti-semitic behavior.  Thank you, that's a great suggestion. While I feel strongly connected to my heritage, I'm non-practicing and wasn't sure where to turn within the community.  Yes, in New York, hate crime statutes exist. I’d report it to the non emergency police line, and contact the ADL for reporting and statistical collection purposes.  As a Jew, I find this heartbreaking. Definitely seems like an antisemitic attack. I would try to get in contact with a local Chabad rabbi. They know the system well and know a lot of lawyers. They would know how to proceed. I would also look into installing a camera if you are permitted. Possibly it could be. But do you know who did it? Is there any proof of who did it? I can't picture the police actually investigating this one unless someone has it on video or something.  It's only vandalism? Not a hate crime? Especially if that's the case, it unfortunately doesn't seem worth the fine. Thank you for your help.  You can call the police non-emergency line and report vandalism.  That's disappointing. Luckily my door has a strong lock, and hopefully the person doesn't live in my building.  This is honestly hard because unless you have any idea who did it they may not want to come out, call the non-emergency line and report that this was deliberately destroyed, the fact that your room is all the way at the end, and that it's a Jewish scroll at least because those three facts alone make it sound like someone is an antisemite near you 