 I lurk on here but I have never posted on this particular sub. I need advice ASAP especially from anyone in the fields of law, law enforcement and the entertainment industry. I am not going to provide names or too many details for safety. My NDad was arrested and incarcerated for many years for trafficking large amounts of drugs. He was basically second in command of his crew and handled logistics. He has since been released and has a good job making good money with a previous employer who doesn’t seem to care about his record. This however has not stopped him from wanting to literally risk our family’s lives for money. A few weeks ago, he claims that producers from a particular A-list celebrity’s movie studio called him. I’m not going to put the celeb’s name, but he is famous enough that most if not all people on this sub would know who he is. They want to make a movie about my dad and his “boss.” I’m not sure if this movie will encompass their entire lives or the time period of their crimes. This studio heard about it because a radio show did a segment on it and I am not sure when that happened exactly, this is all being relayed to me. The celeb is interested in directing and possibly acting in this movie because of the exact nature of the story. My dad wasn’t just trafficking, he was working with a large crime syndicate in Mexico, I will let all of you determine what I mean by that. That element is why they are so interested because to my knowledge there hasn’t been a movie about Americans working with that particular syndicate. This syndicate is currently the most violent and most famous of all of them according to an investigator my stepmom spoke to. I have lived in fear for many years afraid that they would come after us. My dad insists we were safe because his group only snitched on each other and not this syndicate. The court documents, which I have a copy of, do not mention it whatsoever and I’m unclear if the government knows about it which also doesn’t make sense because the investigator seemed to know. I’ve heard the rumor that there were charges linking them to the syndicate but it was dropped for some reason. I’m not sure and I don’t know who to ask. So I find out about this movie and I’m petrified because one, he would basically be snitching to the whole world about his associates and two, his name will be used and anytime you search his name mine comes up along with most of my family members. I told my mom who of course flipped and it was news to her about this syndicate. I never told her because I didn’t want her to worry because I wasn’t even sure if there was a need to worry but I had to tell her now. She had me call my NDad’s mom. Well he gets a lot of his tendencies from her so it’s not surprising that after I revealed how serious this was and why (he had only given her very vague details which she didn’t bother to call anyone in the family about) she insisted that I call him and deal with it. I explained that I was N.C. and he wouldn’t listen to me anyways. She didn’t care. It’s like she didn’t care at all about even the danger she was in and possibly having her life made public. So I call his sister. She hadn’t been told anything so I spilled it all and even she wanted me to deal with it. My mom and I begged her to unite with us against him to stop it. At that point we thought we still had a week before he signed the contracts. She finally relented and called him and it did not go well. He immediately called my mom and told her she couldn’t legally stop him. He told her he had already signed the contracts selling his rights to the story. She told him our concerns and why and asked why he would do this. He responded that he was doing it for his retirement and he wanted to move away somewhere and kick up his feet. He wouldn’t even acknowledge the danger aspect. My brother who lives near him thinks it’s awesome and he’s attacking me now for being upset. I guess my relationship with him is basically over since this whole thing could take a few years. They offered my dad a small acting role in the movie, a cameo at the end, and his name will be mentioned throughout and at the end credits. My mom and I have been severely stressed and I’ve started having panic attacks again. My dad texted me telling me not to contact him and his family anymore since “all I want to do is fight.” Naw dude this isn’t fighting, this is me trying to wrap my head around if I’m going to have to disappear when this comes out because I could end up killed. I snapped and cussed him out and called him a demon. He said I watch too many scary movies and I’m being crazy. He then contacted me a couple days later saying that the movie people called and asked if I wanted to be a part of it because they wanted to interview me and my mom. So either he told these people we exist or they have found us through public record which is exactly my point. I talked to my mom and we decided i should respond, “Tell them to call me so I can understand this better.” He said ok. I said it in that way so he won’t know what I’m really up to which is to find out more details of what exactly is going to be in this movie and let these people know that if they go through with this they will be actively putting our lives at risk as well as putting us out in the limelight for his infamy and hurting our careers and reputations. In my state I can record without telling the other party but I’m not sure about California laws which is where they should be calling me from. That way I have record that they know they are endangering us. I was given a referral by a friend to an entertainment lawyer. I am poor and I can’t afford one but I am going to beg them to speak to me for at least ten minutes and I’m going to be calling in the next hour when their office opens. I hope they will talk to me but if not is there anyone on here who can talk to me that has law experience? There are Son of Sam laws which prevent criminals from profiting off their crimes through books, movies etc but it’s controversial because of first amendment rights and many states have changed the scope of the law including the state he is paroled in. I can’t find a clear explanation for the changes in his state. Can they mention he has kids even generically in this movie even if we don’t agree to participate? What happens if we are harmed or harassed because of this? Do we have a right to request payment since this puts us in harms way? I’m not looking for a pay day but if I have a right to money I want it to change my full name legally, to get a safe place to live with cameras and dogs and fences and I don’t have the money now nor do I think I could have that amount of money in the near future so I can escape with my child and have a protected place to go. We are terrified, please offer any and all advice. Thanks for reading. Pray for me if you pray. "He should have his paperwork reviewed by an attorney." Doesnt seem confusing at all. He = your dad, not you. You have nothing to do with this. Why would you contact an attorney? I didnt down vote you but I'm guessing whoever did thought the same as me in regards to your question being answered pretty clearly in the post you replied to. I asked that because the way they phrased their comment I wasn’t sure if they meant my dad should contact his attorney to make sure this is legal for him to do or if I should find an attorney to help me look into his documents if that can even be done. No need for a downvote whoever did that. [deleted] Of you're worried about being located, you should use a throwaway. There's a lot of identifying info in your comment history. Not to sound rude but his last sentence literally says to contact an attorney to review his documents. So according to Wikipedia, the Son of Sam Law in California was repealed after NY's was found unconstitutional. Not sure if it's been changed since. Did your dad get a plea agreement, and or is he still on probation? Either of those might bind him.  Research is being done. The production company has the right to conduct research. They can make a movie. Not sure what you can do in this instance, but your dad can choose to cooperate with a film even if he receives no money. It's probably more fun for him than the usual routine in prison. That's a crime and you can report the crime to the police. So would I. Even without the potential movie. But as others have said, what's happening is step 4 in a 3000 step process towards a film actually being made and released. Maybe, but you'd have to notify the court and they'd take action if appropriate. [deleted] OK, first off, 99% of movie scripts/ideas/"My real life story" concepts for movies go nowhere. Even ones backed by a big celebrity. Hollywood is cruel and lazy and gets very little done. So the likelihood you fear has a minuscule chance of happening, even less because there is real world danger involved in someone making this movie. Also as someone pointed out, your dad is likely barred legally from profiting from his crimes, like selling his life story. There is no way to prevent your father from making a movie. Edit: nor would they owe you money if they did. Unless you negotiate with the studio in exchange for something of value. Your dad's sentence almost certainly contains verbiage forbidding profit off of his crimes. He should have his paperwork reviewed by an Attorney.