 Aside from being a deaf/blind, I'm a paranoid schizophrenic and often times I'm unable to control much of the things I say that would seem hurtful, offensive and even downright racist during my long streams. I"m just curious if I have any legal protections if I get deplatformed for something like hate speech when the alleged hate speech was something I'm unable to control saying? It so far hasn't happened yet, in regards to getting banned anywhere for it, but I'm constantly worried that I'm going to lost my ability to have my voice online and enjoy my time on the internet because someone finds offense in the things I can't help saying during a stream. Thanks for the advise, suppose my better option is to refrain from livestreaming and instead stick with videos I can edit. Thanks ^_^  Current case law appears to be heading towards an interpretation that title 3 DOES apply to online only businesses. I think the DOJ filed on the side of NAD too. edit: This seems pretty persuasive and will probably have interesting effects on web platforms now that I think about it. That is referring to physical buildings not internet services. You would have to show the legislative intent was for it to apply to online services. Not saying it couldn't be done, but it would be an uphill battle. But regardless Twich isn't going to ban somebody because they are disabled the optics would be terrible.  I don't think it's legal under the ADA for Twitch to arbitrarily ban people based on disability, actually. It sounds like a place of "exhibition or entertainment". While in this specific case Twitch wouldn't be doing anything wrong by banning OP for being racist on livestream, they can't legally ban OP just because they don't like that he has a mental illness or is deaf or blind. They can't discriminate against you because you're a paranoid schizophrenic, but they're only legally obliged to provide you the same service as everyone else, the service being "livestreaming inoffensive content." So no, you wouldn't be protected under the law. Have you considered getting a chat mod who can cut off the stream for you if you're unable and they feel as if it's starting to violate content rules? Assuming people watch your stream, that wouldn't be too hard to do. In all honesty, you probably won't even get banned even if you do start going on long racist tirades on stream considering that's what many other streamers do. Schizophrenia doesn't make people scream racist things in anger. Why would you go looking to do an activity that you believe triggers episodes related to your illness? You will not be specially excepted to use racial slurs and foul language, you will be banned like everyone else.  Any private entity can deplatform you. You have no right to livestream on any of the services. Twitch or whomever can disable your account anytime they want to for any reason. The streaming service is generally within their rights to remove your privilege of streaming on their service for almost any reason. Read the terms of service for the streaming service to find out what may and may not get your privileges revoked.