 Hi! This takes place in MA, in accordance with the title. I moved into my dorm this year and there's a large crack in the ceiling that is leaking dirt and brown and yellow dust. I believe this is asbestos and will be purchasing a testing kit. Should it come back positive, which I am expecting it to (the building is very old), what should my next steps be (other than seek an attorney)? What damages would I be able to claim? At the very least I'd like to get what I paid for housing back if this is the case. For some additional information - my roommate and I have been in this dorm for over two months and have put in multiple orders to maintenance at this point in time, but they have not yet sealed it to my knowledge. I'll be back in a week and a half and will administer the test kit then. I'll be here to add any needed information. Your city likely has labs that can analyze a sample and get you results in a few days or even the same day. You don't have to buy one of the test kits at home Depot and send it away. The chances are high it is not asbestos. Dust can be from many things and most are not asbestos. You saying it is asbestos without knowing is as bad as people dismissing it. It is impossible to tell by looking at it with the naked eye. These dorms are old houses, and from what I've heard one of the other dorms had an asbestos problem recently. As I said before, the ceiling is dropping what appears to be Asbestos - that's why I'm going to have it tested. I'm also not going to seek an attorney right away, I just added that as I know it's common advice on here. Honestly, for the most part, I just want the damn crack sealed - we're not allowed to seal it ourselves, so we have to wait for the college to do it. If it is Asbestos, exposure can lead to long term health problems, and I would ideally like to avoid those. Not to be rude or anything, but I answered a lot of these questions in the post. Yes - they have told me they've been "working on it" for nearly the entire time I've been there. Have you attempted to contact the residence halls office directly? Often they can check in on the status of these requests.  Why do you believe this is asbestos? Even if it is, why do you need an attorney now? What are you hoping to gain, just a move to another room? Your best bet may be through the city rather than through litigation, by calling the building inspector.