 So ive (20M) been seeing this girl for about a month and stay over at her place most nights. One morning her landlord started shouting at me from his truck which he parked next to mine, like he had been waiting, and confronted me and was asking me if i lived there and that kind of thing and i kinda just blew him off and drove away in a hurry to avoid confrontation. Im pretty sure he followed me after this for a couple miles until i eventually lost him and went on my way. About a week later, today, as i was leaving her apt he approached me and was shouting at me saying that i cant stay the night there and that i cant be on his property anymore. He had been camping out for me and i had just tried to get in my car and close the door when he aggressively pushed my door back open. When he did so i got back out and told him he cannot touch my property and to back off and stop harassing me. He said that if i come back there again that he will file a restraining order against me. The girl im seeing says her lease doesnt specify overnight guests and he doesnt do this to any of her roommates guests. What is the legitimacy of him being able to file a restraining order? Can i just park across the street out of his property to avoid this, even if he knows my car? What can i do to keep seeing this girl without him bothering me? Any advice will help.  I am not 100% on the requirements for a restraining order in Utah, but you're not there to see him and you'd prefer not speaking to him. Restraining orders are to protect people from being harassed. He is the one bothering you. I would look for anything in the lease that she may be violating. Also, he is not required to renew the lease once it is done. So she could be evicted as soon as the lease term ends.  I havent read through the lease myself, but her and her roommates claim this to be true, maybe ill have a look over it myself just to be sure It's very common that leases say guests are limited to X days a month or whatever, the landlord doesn't want you to be able to claim that you are living there, which would require them to treat you as a tenant. It also may violate occupancy limits regarding zoning, especially if she already has roommates. You should quit ditching him, and go talk to him like an adult (along with your girlfriend). If the lease really doesn't say anything about guests (I would kinda be surprised by this, can you double check it?) then your girlfriend has the upper hand to an extent - however he can still make her life miserable. Depending on what state you are in he MIGHT be able to win if he took you to court, so figure out what his concerns are and try to find a compromise. If he can't show you in the lease where guests are limited, perhaps agree to how many nights a week you are able to stay.  Thanks! Why cant he get a restraining order? And what would l i look for in the lease if this would allow him to evict her? They could advise you which direction to go in, it definitely sounds like he’s harassing you. Maybe they can go over with you. He’s putting his hands on your property, you could be next and you don’t want to get in trouble  He cannot get a restraining order. However, depending on the lease she has he may be able to evict her. At the very least, she should speak to him to find out why he is shouting at her guests. Otherwise, you can ignore him. I probably wouldn't park on his property though. Getting towed is a pain in the ass even if you can sue him for the cost of it.  Really? Why? I’d suggest calling the non emergency police number of your city and asking them 