 We bought a house in PA in April with an oil boiler and wanted to upgrade to high-efficiency natural gas. We had a contractor come out and we agreed to the proposal for install in April. They sent us the financing information for a third-party financier and asked us to fill it out before scheduling the install. We applied and were approved for the amount. I sent over the account information. A little bit later, they contacted us and asked whether they could delay the install until after the summer peak period, since they were installing a boiler for heating and we didn't really need it in the winter. They said they'd take some money of the cost for the delay. In June, I have an email from our contact saying: "Just wanted to let you know that we can hold off the installation until August and the financing will still be ok. Does that work for you?" We replied that it worked for us. Install eventually happens August 30-31. There were a ton of problems with the install, including improperly welded pipes spraying water all over the basement. They came back to the house 3 or 4 times in the two weeks following install, but I think that's probably irrelevant to the issue at hand. We then got a call from our contact that the GreenSky loan had expired and that we'd have to apply again. We have a wedding to save for and partially finance in less than 2 years, and I am totally reluctant to assume another hard credit inquiry (on both our credit, since we applied as co-applicants). I really don't know what my options are. Is it worth taking another hard credit inquiry if they knock more money off? If so, how much money is a hard credit inquiry worth? Should the contractor handle the financing themselves? It's a large sum of money that we certainly can't pay in a lump sum. Thanks for reading. I've had 2 hard checks recently. Applied for a CC (denied for stupid reasons). Applied again a couple months later (denied for even stupider reasons). My credit score didn't budge. It's really not that big of a deal at all. It's not that big of a deal, seriously.  I appreciate this perspective. Maybe I am overvaluing it. Buying the house did a number on my credit and I'm reluctant to do things that will negatively affect my scores for stupid reasons. You're worrying far far far far too much over a stupid credit check. This is not something people used to worry about before everybody started obsessing over their credit score like it was a video game high score. If you have good credit one more hard check won't amount to a hill of beans.