 Hi- I'm in the states, US resident, but this event happened in the EU. Sorry for the throwaway here - I'm a redditor and don't want my friends and family to know this is happening. I'm deeply embarrassed. In November my husband and I had a wonderful wedding overseas. We purchased alcohol on consumption from our caterer and said that after the wedding the bottles would be counted and the total bill would be adjusted. Other than that, the bill was paid in full a couple day prior to the event. He verbally said that at the end of the night, he and either me or the planner would count the remaining bottles to come up with the final number. However, there is nothing in the contract about how the final number would be calculated. I was expecting, perhaps, a small overage change, but he came back with $5k extra, which roughly says that our guests on average had 21 drinks each. The bottles weren't counted until the truck went back to the caterer's kitchen and there was no second party counting, just him. I'm struggling to believe that this is honest. I was at the wedding (obviously) and these number just don't add up. But the caterer is getting aggressive, threatening to "out" me publicly on Facebook by writing on my wall and contacting my family and friends. He has already written an aggressive post on my Facebook accusing me of being a liar, debtor, etc. I've blocked him, but I'm very worried about him reaching out to friends and family. I don't know what to do. He's in another country so I have no idea what my rights are. I asked the planner to handle it, but he keeps emailing with threatening comments. I'm of course happy to pay whatever I owe him, but I feel like I'm being taken advantage of. What should I do  To add to this, it also depends on how many bars and bartenders you have. It's possible that there were lots of mostly full bottles left over. Especially if you had a good variety of liquors available. That said, I agree that $5,000 is a lot of alcohol and seems fishy. How many people were at the wedding? Did the caterer provide a list of bottles consumed?  Playing devil's advocate for a second.... Just because he's charging you for $5K worth of bottles, didn't necessarily mean your guests drank it all. Those bottles typically can't b re-used. So let's say, hypothetically, your guests had one drink each out of 25 $200 bottles of liquor. That's $5K. Even if only one drink was taken out of each of them. Okay, I'm stretching a bit here. Realistically, it does sound a bit fishy to me. Especially the lack of professionalism in the communication. Others here can probably give better advice than me for legal recourse. don't be bullied. The likelihood he will sue you is pretty low. Present him a reasonable offer and that this is your final offer and he does not accept then he can bugger off. I agree. If the caterer doesn't agree to a fair amount, all he can try to do legally is sue, which would be a huge hassle for him since its overseas and would be over a relatively small amount of money, so it's very unlikely. If you're worried about the backlash, try to beat him to the punch and make a public post or message people directly explaining the situation. If this happened to one of my friends, I'd totally side with them. I agree. But he's not budging at all - his response is perpetually "there's not much to discuss" and to send him "his money" immediately "or else". Your guests would have been in the hospital if they consumed an average of 21 drinks. Make him an offer that you feel is fair and then if he agreed you both sign a document that this settles the matter.