 Location is GA. Five months ago, my wife left after we had a fight about the usual topics. She immediately went to her family, my family, and many of our friends and stared claiming I had been emotionally, financially, and mentally abusive along with a litany stories and lies (such as claiming I am bipolar) about me to justify why she left, all of which is unequivocally false. More on that part of this further down below. Throughout this process I have made it clear to her that despite the lies she has told, and our other issues, I am still a proponent of us reconciling. I have suggested and supported us doing counseling, speaking with our pastor, group therapy, and speaking with a mutually-chosen couple for advice. She has insisted since Day 1 of the separation that she is done, has no intention of returning or reconciling, and wants to move forward with a divorce. I think this particular piece is important, as in my (non-legal) opinion it shows (legal) abandonment of our marriage and our home. I think this is also why she is falsely accusing me of non-physical abuse to everyone we know, to make it seem she didn’t leave the house/marriage of her own free will. I have asked her repeatedly to cease her false accusations and stop spreading them. Multiple times she has refused. This was just hurtful and frustrating at first, but it has escalated to harming the business I own. Several people I know, that don’t know her personally, have come to me to say that they have heard things through friends of friends, some of them even being potential customers. I have been forced to explain and defend myself against these lies, and in one case it was the explicit reason given by a customer for not selecting me as their contractor (I own a remodeling company). Once that happened, I advised her one last time that she needed to immediately retract her statements and cease spreading them, or I would attempt a cease and desist. She refused, and has continued to spread these harmful lies. This brings to my first question: 1) Can I send/file a cease/desist and maybe make her retract these statements? If so, how do I go about this? The second issue: I have been very cooperative despite her actions, trying to be the “better person” and act in good faith. I have had no issue with her coming to grab clothes, personal items, and even Christmas decorations and decor items from our house. However, she recently sent me an email demanding that I give her multiple pieces of furniture, TVs, large decor items, and other items beyond just “personal items.” I told her to basically pound sand, and that such items would need to be mediated and discussed as a part of the divorce, but if she needed more clothes or other personal items then of course she could get those or I could bring them to her. She stated in response that she would just come one day while I was at work and “empty the house” and there was nothing I could do to stop her. This is my next question: 2) Can I, in this situation, change the locks on the house since she has abandoned the marriage/house for all intents and purposes, and also in order to protect the property within the house from her just taking it all while I’m at work since she has made it clear she has no intention of mediating in good faith or acting reasonably? TIA!  Thank you for this suggestion. I’ll go do that now, and I’ll take all of documents to a safety deposit box only I can access tomorrow morning.   “empty the house” and there was nothing I could do to stop her. Go around your house and take pictures of everything. Wide shots and close-ups of everything. She is right that there is nothing to stop her from taking joint marital property, but that is why it's important to document what is there. That way during the divorce you can say "You removed $50K worth of property, that is your entire share of the marital assets and you get nothing more". Also, move all your sensitive and important documents off site. Passports, check books, old ID cards, bank statements, insurance documents. A safety deposit box is best, but a friend's house will do in a pinch. Keep a record of these statements. You can use them to demonstrate that she's damaging marital assets and any damage can be taken out her share. Finally. GET A DIVORCE LAWYER and file for divorce immediately. [removed] I’m not trying to “make her” do anything, to be clear. We don’t have reasons for divorce from a Blibical standpoint. I know that means squat legally, but I was holding out hope that if given time to cool off and think things out she would be open to reconciling. I have made it clear that if she files I would move forward with it, but I wasn’t going to be the one to file first. And I wasn’t clear on what a cease and desist did or what all it meant, thus why I asked. I am planning on speaking with an attorney this week.  You are going around your ass to get to your elbow. You need to stop trying to make your wife compliant in the marriage and give her what she wants, a divorce. You're doing all this extraneous things that don't really mean anything at all. A cease and desist letter means nothing other than you intend to bring a legal action against someone. What legal action are you going to bring against someone who's bad mouthing to get a divorce? You get a divorce. Changing the locks on a house and not letting a lawful come in and get the stuff that also belongs to them is going to end up with you likely getting into trouble. Go get a consultation with a divorce attorney ASAP.  Thank you for explaining the cease and desist. That’s something I’ve never been clear on. I wouldn’t really want to sue her for defamation. I just want her to stop spreading intentional lies that are not only hurtful, but also are now directly impacting my business and reputation. I was really hoping and praying that we could avoid divorce and reconcile, as I do still love her and I also don’t believe in divorce as an option for religious reasons. I think you’re right though, and her recent actions have shown she really doesn’t have any intention of coming back. I’ll get a divorce attorney this week... This feels awful, to love someone for so long and it end like this...😞  A cease-and-desist letter holds no legal weight. It's merely an official way of warning someone that you'll take legal action if they don't do something. Your only legal action would be a lawsuit for defamation, and you'd be utterly daft to do that in the middle of divorce proceedings. Same with the changing of the locks. Don't do that until or unless you are granted sole ownership of the house. Don't do anything without consulting with your divorce attorney first. 