 Hey y'all, I moved to Arkansas in June and my service dog has been attacked by my landlord's dog several times. I live in the garage apartment just feet away from his main residence. He allows his dog to be outside and roam wherever he wants. He will come up to the second floor of my apartment and bark and growl at my dog. They have been in multiple fights and his dog is still very aggressive to my dog with no provocation. I am fearful for my dog's safety and my dog has not been acting normal, stays on the second level of the garage apartment, and is very cautious when he goes outside to use the restroom. I have had to physically pull the dogs apart when his dog attacks my dog - and he has even left a scar on his ear/face. I am very non confrontational and I have contacted the Fair Housing Commission in Arkansas and they said they would get back to me in a few weeks whether or not they can start an investigation. I told them that I would like to get out of my lease because Arkansas laws are not friendly to tenants. I am not sure what the outcome of this is. After talking to FHC, I called my landlord and told him I wanted to get out of my lease due to the safety of my service dog. He definitely down played that attacks his dog has committed but agreed to let me out of the lease (through texts) and said he wanted in writing my 30 days notice and a written statement that we both mutually agree to dissolve the lease. This has been over a week, and he has not signed the statement of dissolving the lease but now has my written statement of me giving my 30 days notice. It's $1600 to move out of my lease early - something I cannot afford. Is it possible to take this man to court about the safety over the property and his dog and dissolve the lease this way? I am sure, at this point, has tricked me into giving my 30 Days notice without signing the appropriate paper to dissolve my lease. PS. During July, I had some coworkers over and his dog was attacking aggressive to my coworker's toddlers and he had to kick them off.  Likewise, the parents whose toddlers were almost attacked. Have you called animal control or the police regarding th aggressive dog? That should be your first call. As soon as the dog attacked your dog, you call animal control or the police about the attack. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.