 Earlier this week my husband received an explanation of benefits from his health insurance company that detailed services totaling $90k form December of 2016, his responsibly is listed at $0 His name, address, employer are all correct but he hospital listed is unfamiliar to us and I am 100% certain that this is not his medical bill He spoke to the insurance company and they have been less than helpful. I think they want him to call the service provider (it’s an abbreviation, not clear who it is). They will not speak to me as a result of hippa Next steps? Should he/ we pursue further? I did pull his credit yesterday to make sure there were no issues there and everything looked to be normal Thank you Edit: located in Ohio Had the same thing happen with our insurance. Turned out it was someone with the same name and birthday who also had BCBS as insurance. I’d keep calling the insurance company, you might have gotten someone on the line that is inexperienced.  I don’t disagree I am surprised that they seem indifferent I am hopeful the insurance company can provide some info on the service provider. They detail on the EOB is not sufficient to even identify them Thank you. I can fire something like this off quickly For something that significant, it would certainly seem as if they made a mistake. But still, your best bet is to call them and clear this up.  We can see if there is someone in the family that has a number for him, I’m not sure my husband has even met him I’ve checked calendars and messages over this period It is impossible that my husband spent 3 days in the hospital and incurred $90k in charges without me knowing, this is not that case of a single doctors appointment  Write a letter to the insurance company clearly explaining that there are charges on the bill/explanation of benefits that are not yours. Attached a copy of the bill noting the charges you feel are not yours. If they do not correct this, contact your state insurance commissioner (a.k.a. state insurance department/division) in the U.S. and provide the information. They will review the case and advocate on your behalf with the insurance company. The company will have a specific amount of time to respond to the request for information.  You should call the service provider and find out what's up. It's somewhat unlikely that a provider made up a service out of whole cloth and managed to nail your husband's particulars dead-on. It's far more likely you did receive a service and you're being billed in a manner that you don't recognize. It might pay to see if he had to go have some type of medical treatment December of 2016. Even though it was billed under my insurance, the actual bill itself is still being sent to my father's house. My father has been paying on it, but it wasn't approved properly through insurance and adjusted accordingly because duh, I wasn't the one who needed or got the surgery. Thank you, I was not certain where to post Yes, I am 100% certain he did not receive care at this hospital or another. I’ve gone back and checked calendars/ messages and it’s not possible He does have a second cousin (or some distant relative) with the same name I will give this a try. Thank you There is just very little information on the EOB and I find it very odd that these charges are from 2 years ago  % certain that this is not his medical bill Just to be sure, even if the hospital is incorrect you've confirmed he never received the services somewhere else or at a different time? So your husband spoke to them, isn't clear what they want, you aren't sure what was said, and they will not speak to you? If you want to be involved your husband can just add you to a conference call so you can listen. Your husband needs to call back, say they are fraudulent charges, and ask what the next step to resolve this is. He should take notes. If he wants you to help he can provide notes or include you on the call. I'd also suggest reaching out to r/Insurance as there are people there that can help you with the bureaucratic issue.  No. The bill looks to be for head/ neck and wrist scans at an ER (per the insurance woman my husband spoke to) She also said that it was “Medicaid seeking reimbursement” My husband did not go to the er for any kind of visit. With the exception of knee surgery a few years ago he uses very little healthcare I literally just went through this yesterday. A hospital billed me for my father's procedure. We have the same name. I called the service provider first, explained the situation and then called the insurance company. It was a recent surgery that had the doctor listed on it, the date of treatment, and the facility. I'd suggest a google search with that information to see if you can find a contact number and try that first.  Did he receive the services and do the services look right? It’s possible that the hospital you know is, for example, owned by a larger entity and that’s who is listed on the eob. 