 Buckle up folks layoffs are coming. The company I worked for 6 years laid of approx 20% of its work force. The folks who live in Ca get paid til end of Feb with a signed NDA unsigned til mid Feb, Out of Ca folks cut off completely by Dec 31. Lot of us are still talking to each other and one question is the violation of the WARN act here in Ca and Federally. The WARN acts states that employees should be given notice of a MASS layoff and we were not. We were walked out like criminals. Just curious as to what our legal stance should be if any. Thats what I am going to do. Completely re wrote my resume from the ground up. Enjoy holidays and hit the pavement.  and they MAY be lizard people dont just make up shit on the basis of "well, technically anything could happen we don't know!" Additionally, if you signed a severance package, delete this post. You don't want to have your severance in jeopardy over a question, especially one that didn't result in a desired result. Sounds like you are officially employed until the end of Feb. But they don't want you at the office, as they are worried some people may be upset and act out. FYI, this is pretty standard for layoffs in California. It feels bad that they marched you out, but I've seen people react pretty poorly to being laid off. I hate to say it, but get used to it. Contact HR and find out how and when to apply for unemployment, and find out what your COBRA cost will be for health insurance... It's probably going to be ~$600 a month for an individual, up to $2k a month for a family. Sounds like you are young, so there's probably a better ACA plan available for you. Again, contact HR and ask them when you have to sign up for an ACA plan, when you have to initiate cobra (if you want it), and if you'll need any documentation of a life event for the ACA. (they might be paying your cobra for a couple months, which is somewhat std for big companies out here. But not necessarily so) And start looking for a job. December is rough, but things will pick up towards the end of January. Good luck!  Based on your post history, you’ve had a fair amount of issues with the company. Based on the fact they gave you a severance that goes longer than 60 days, I would suggest you accept it, and go on your merry way. They could have fired you based on personality conflict issues, and then laid off everyone, denying you the severance. Take a few weeks off for the holidays, enjoy your family, and then head off in search of a new job, where you’ll be much much happier.  I would recommend deleting unless post if you signed a NDA since it is certainly in violation. I was able to find out your employer from your post history, and your company is likely monitoring social media such as reddit. Violating the NDA may allow your company to fire you for cause, and may endanger your severance package. Edit: PMs are against the subs rules. After responding to what I thought was a comment reply, I noticed that it was a PM. IANAL. Nothing stated here should be construed as legal advice. You should contact an attorney if you need legal advice on your situation.  Well they may get a tax write-off. Not likely, but who knows? Maybe magical pixies will hire all the ex-employees! May Don't forget to file for unemployment. If they're paying you till Feb, probably file then. Why would they get fined? They are paying for more than the 60 day notice requirements. In essence they are paying them for almost three months do do absolutely nothing. They can even find another job in that period and still bank the money the previous employer is paying. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Identification of Any Involved Party Posts or submissions that ask for or contain information that could be used to identify either party are subject to immediate removal. If this information is included in the title of your post, which cannot be edited, you must re-post without this information. If not, you will need to edit your comment or post. Please review the following rules before commenting further [General Rule 10]() [Posting Rule 3]() [Reddit Personal Information Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.  The folks who live in Ca get paid til end of Feb WARN requires 60 days of notice, but you're getting paid at least that far out. Would you feel better if they made you work those 60 days? Per [wikipedia](), the WARN Act may not apply (relevant section below) : ; or -out, and the closing is not intended to evade the purposes of the WARN Act. ; If 50 to 499 workers lose their jobs and that number is less than 33 percent of the employer's total, active workforce at a single employment site; ; or -month period.  They gave you pay in lieu of notice  They may have to pay a fine and give you compensation, but they still let you go immediately.