 My wife was sexually abused as a child. Her father was convicted, served 15 years in prison, and is now on probation. We found out by finding a picture of his wife on Facebook. There were other photos of the wedding happening (in a basement, it looks like). His wife does have kids. She is aware of his convictions. What we don't know: 1. Whether the marriage is legal 2. The kid arrangement (whether or not the kids are around him) My wife is upset/concerned. Is there anything we should/can do? The government generally cannot prevent anyone from getting married. The wife's kids being around him may or may not violate the condition of probation.  It would be a good idea to call and make a report just so it’s documented in CPS’ system, that way if someone else calls with a concern about the children, then they’ll have the additional information about the family right there that he was convicted of sexual abuse. It would probably be an information only report or it would be evaluated out without being investigated, but reports like that are very helpful. His name and the mother’s name should be sufficient, but if you can give the kids’ names, ages, and genders, that would be helpful too. Call the CPS line for the area they live in. I contacted the PO, and it appears that everything is legal (as far as we know). Thanks for your help. You can call the CPS in the area where they are located and let them know. But if he has served his time he is generally free to do as he wants and associate with who he wants to. I do understand why she is concerned, but he has been punished for his crime. There may be a registration requirement, but he isn’t forever banned from having relationships, and in this day and age it often involves kids from prior relationships. You can contact the probation office with your concerns about the kid. The marriage is irrelevant.  They served their time and are on probation. Without knowing the terms of their probation (which i don't know if you have those details) this may be perfectly fine and legal. If you are concerned and have the probation officer's information, you could let them know your concerns.  Call his probation officer ASAP.  The only question that matters is what his probation conditions are. You can call his PO and let them know. They can look into it. 