 First off, I have never used reddit before it was suggested to me to seek advice on this particular issue that I’m dealing with. About a week ago, I was served with custody papers from my ex. He’s seeking sole custody of our two kids. They are with him a little more of the week than they are with me, but that is only temporary. He has a history of being abusive to me, even after we separated he came into my apartment while the kids were sleeping with me to drunkenly confront me about something someone had told him at a bar. More recently, he forgot to bring the boys coats shoes in the winter. He doesn’t really have the skills or patience to care for the children on his own relies heavily on his moms assistance, who he lives with. My younger child is also still breastfeeding, which he obviously is incapable of. He doesn’t know who their pediatrician, dentist, optometrist are. I was their primary caregiver until we separated he convinced me it would be easier on them to stay at his moms with him because my schedule is a little more hectic than his. I have to represent myself, I can’t afford an attorney. But his mother has paid for his. Allegedly I cannot speak to his attorney she will not speak to me about any of this. I was planning to counter with joint custody rearrange my work schedule so that I can have my kids with me more days of the week. I was hoping that we could meet in the middle at joint custody, but he doesn’t seem willing to budge. I have an appointment with family court assistance they will be able to help me with some forms answer some questions, but other than that.. I have no idea what to expect. What is the likelihood that he will be granted sole custody? And if so, how long do i need to wait to appeal the decision? How long will this sort of trial take what do I need to try to prove that it is in the kids best interest to have joint custody?  How long have the kids “temporarily” been living more with him than you? This is a factor the court pays a lot of attention to. You can each have “custody” of the children, but if he has them more of the time, he could wind up being designated their primary parent with you to pay child support. Are there local legal clinics where you live?  IANAL but I have represented myself in a divorce and custody case. The link below will provide you with valuable help. Good luck.  Your local public library will probably have information about free or low-cost legal aid in your area. Good luck. You may be able to use right of first refusal in your eventual agreement to guarantee that any time he's not with the kids, you'll have the option to have them instead of his mom. It is extremely unlikely that he will get sole custody, whether you have an attorney or not. Courts decide what is in the best interest of the child, and in the vast majority of cases that is some type of shared physical custody arrangement. Family courts are used to people without lawyers and by law they have to give you the benefit and treat you well and respectfully in court. Make sure to write down and map out what you want the court to decide, and make sure to collect the evidence that support all of your claims (paper copies). At the main courthouse in your district, you will need to file this stuff before the deadline indicated on the papers you were served. Don't leave this up to the last minute. Also note that there is legal custody (decision making), and physical custody. Here are the resources you are looking for:  It sounds like your mother in law is trying to get custody of your kids. I would cut contact with her. Anything you absolutely need to discuss should be over email (so there's a record), and stop giving her any time with the kids that you aren't legally obligated to. You need an attorney.  You desperately need an attorney, find one who will work out a payment plan with you.  Unless there is any reason (with evidence) that you are unfit to have partial custody of the children they will not be taken away from you. What will result will most likely be a joint custody agreement. I would try to find a lawyer if you can, since he does already have one. 