 Hi, pretty much all the details are in the title. I'm just wondering if there's anything I should be doing. He hasn't given me any forms saying he's going to evict me, just a text message. I double checked my lease and while it's not a standard lease, and clearly has plenty of illegal provisions in it, it doesn't mention smoking tobacco or weed anywhere in it. We live in the same house in separate units. I live in the basement and the only common area is the washing machines being next to a locked door that leads to my unit, and he has a locked door upstairs that leads to the basement. I'm pretty sure he can't evict me but I want to know a few things: if I do end up having to defend myself in court/landlord-tenant board, will the fact that I was smoking weed while living here before it became legal in October help or hurt me since this is the first time he has ever complained about it and now he's claiming to be allergic to it? Surely he would have noticed or told me to stop months ago? I've lived here since July 2017 and I've vaped and smoked weed here in the backyard since then, but never inside. He definitely should know that I've been smoking something considering he's seen me in the backyard smoking and he didn't complain then. I'm pretty sure he is retaliating because I complained about the inside temperature being 5 degrees C last month and reminded him about it last week (law requires landlords to maintain 21 degrees C for tenants during winter months). I don't know, either way he's threatening to evict me and I want to cover my bases. That's what would be true in _most_ jurisdictions. You're correct that it is not the case in Ontario. He probably is just unfamiliar with the abnormal way Ontario tenancy laws work IANAL. My gut instinct is that you are covered by the Ontario [Residential Tenancies Act]() because you do not share a bathroom or kitchen with your landlord (under Exemptions from Act, point i). However it seems like you can be evicted for causing problems for other tenants/your landlord, according to [CLEO](). I can't see how this would apply to consumption of a legal substance NOT inside the building. Your lease doesn't even ban smoking inside, so you're not breaking your lease in any way. This is probably an illegal eviction, but contact the LTB and don't wait for things to get worse. You are more than likely protected here, but it's good to get ahead of the problem. If he is retaliating (which is what it sounds like) then you need to make sure that all this is documented.  Good luck and happy new year! [removed]  If you are a landlord in Ontario, you generally can't evict your tenants without cause (you need a really good reason). It's very difficult to evict tenants in Ontario even after the lease expires and switches to month-to-month. Even if you have to move your tenants out in order to perform major renovations (for example), the tenants still have a right to move back in after you complete the renovations, so not even that is enough to permanently evict tenants. There are very few valid reasons you can evict tenants in Ontario and they mostly boil down to: You have evidence that the tenants are using the property for criminal activity, or You have evidence that the tenants are causing significant damage to your property (beyond normal wear and tear), or The tenants are seriously impairing and interfering with other residents' ability to enjoy their property (e.g. frequently blasting music in the middle of the night) and it's still a problem after informing the tenants and giving them ample opportunity to correct the problem, or You can prove that you have family that need to (or would like to) move into the unit and make it their primary residence for an extended period, or The tenants violate terms of the lease / rental agreement... but only if those terms are considered legally enforceable. For example a 'no dogs' policy is generally unenforceable in Ontario, so you can't just put a 'no dogs' clause in the lease or rental agreement and then evict a tenant for getting a dog for example Anyway, you generally can't evict someone for smoking cannabis products in Ontario unless the lease / rental agreement explicitly prohibits it. Smoking on the property, especially outside, is generally not itself considered to be interfering with other residents' enjoyment of the property. That may be true in some places, but not in Ontario.  Am a landlord in the US. Yes, filter problems can cause the furnace to not warm enough. [deleted]  Hey, I am pretty sure this is not true, do you have a source? Previous simple possession charges are immediately waived after application in Canada. Admitting to past personal use is NOT going to result in legal action against you, but it’s not really relevant, either. Just focus on the terms of the lease. The LTB is likely well aware of every loophole landlords have tried in the past couple months to illegally ban cannabis consumption and cultivation post-legalization.  't evict me for any reason, but he could renegotiate the lease at the start of any month, right? No, the lease continues on the same terms, they cannot be renegotiated unless you consent. Try not to smoke inside the house (even though no smoking is not int he lease) because he mayyy be able to claim that your smoking is substantial interference with reasonable enjoyment of the property. Your landlord hasn't given you any forms for a reason: because he wants you to just accept it and move out. Your response should be: smoking is not illegal, and even then, I don't smoke inside, so sorry but I am not moving out. End of story. Get a thermometer and take daily readings of the temperature and either write it down in a journal or take pictures and save them. You can apply to the LTB for a rent abatement. If you're cold, look into getting a space heater, especially if you don't pay for utilities. To answer your direct question: even if he had proof of you smoking prior to it being legal, if you were doing it outside the house, then I don't see how it could have any significant negative impact on you. How can he disprove that you started smoking weed when it was legal and before that you only smoked hand rolled cigarettes? People aren't stupid, so if you go to the LTB and show evidence that he started complaining about the weed right after you complained about the temperature, the LTB Member will be able to put the story together. So don't worry about this. Even though you're on the "right" side here, living with shitty landlords sucks, so keep an eye out for new places. This website will tell you pretty much everything you need to know: [http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/ltb/faqs/](http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/ltb/faqs/) literally just contact the LTB - ontario's laws are insanely pro-tenant - they won't look well on these threats Yes. Legally, the best he could do is change the terms starting on the first. I reccomend suggesting that to him. And renting a 'rug doctor' machine to clean your carpet/furniture to get the weed-stink out of the house.  You have a lease. That's a signed contract. He cannot renegotiate until the lease expires. If you haven't broken the terms of the lease, he cannot cancel it early unless there is an early termination clause. If he tries, any half-competant lawyer will eat him alive in court.   's claiming to be allergic to it? If he has evidence you were committing crimes on the property, that could possibly hurt you. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.