 I am opening an antique shop and would like to include jewelry in the shop. The jewelry would only be purchased from licensed dealers and auction houses. When I called the county to make sure I wouldn't need a license to sell jewelry acquired from licensed dealers and auction houses they didn't seem to know. Here is the ordinance: Precious metals dealer means any person who, exclusively or as incidental to or in connection with any other business, is engaged in the business of purchasing precious metals or goods made from precious metals from persons or sources other than industrial producers, manufacturers or licensed dealers. The term "precious metals dealer" also means any person as defined in this subsection and who engages in such business for a period not exceeding 180 days What do you think? None of those things sound impossible. Contact the auction companies you'd like to use and discuss it with them. I would be VERY surprised if you're the only reseller they've dealt with. They'll either happily provide the necessary identification documents, or be able to point you towards how their other dealer/clients are handling it. That's how I read it too. Thanks! "is engaged in the business of purchasing precious metals or goods made from precious metals from persons or sources other than industrial producers, manufacturers or licensed dealers." IANAL, but that seems to describe a jewelry shop also that precious metals from the public&lt;&lt;, like a pawn shop. The ordinance is meant to protect consumers from businesses that mislead customers regarding the genuineness of the jewelry it's selling. Someone needs to be licensed along the way. If you are buying straight from the manufacturer, they are already licensed. If you are buying straight fro licensed dealers, they are already licensed. You would not be permitted to sell any jewelry you obtained from private parties, per my reading of the ordinance. It would be worth your time to clarify this by contacting a business attorney - it is your livelihood and worth spending the time to set it up correctly.  some brand new, some from licensed dealers, some from licensed auction houses. In all cases I would have a receipt in hand and have to present a sales tax cert. to purchase. I spoke to someone at the county and was passed around to 3 different people who all contradicted each other. Basically I'm reading it that I can sell new and from licensed dealers, but can not buy "off the street" from customers. That ordinance does not apply if you are buying directly from licensed dealers or manufacturers. What are the sources for your inventory going to be? If they aren't dealers one would have to fingerprint them, take a drivers license, describe them as a person physically...not exactly something you can do. ARTICLE IV. - PRECIOUS METALS DEALERS[4] DIVISION 1. - GENERALLY Sec. 122-106. - Definitions. Full ordinance:=PTIICOORENOR_CH122SEGO_ARTIVPRMEDE Post the ordinance number you are referring to.   other than industrial producers, manufacturers or licensed dealers Depends on whether all the auction houses you'd be looking to buy from are licensed dealers