 Firstly, I am in Kansas. Secondly, I got into a car accident a few days ago. The accident happened because the other party attempted a U-turn in the middle of the street and there was nowhere in which I could swerve out of the way to avoid the collision. The driver admitted fault at the scene to the officers on the scene. My car was totalled. The other party gave the officers a lapsed insurance policy at the scene and said that the insurance was valid. I know the policy was lapsed at the time because I called their insurance to straighten out the claim and their insurance stated that the policy was lapsed. I was then advised by my insurance to call the other party themselves to straighten something out. When I did, he stated that he knew that he didn't have insurance at the time and that he knew the policy was lapsed. He also stated that he did not "remember" anything from the accident. Therefore, I have great reason to believe that the other party purposefully lied to officers at the scene about being insured to avoid punishment for that. I have a case number and I am following up with the accident investigation team to determine what to do about both the lack of insurance on the other party's part and the damages for my car. Should I lawyer up? Is there anything else I should do at this time? What can I do in terms of seeking recompense for this? I have no car at the moment and I desperately need one before university starts again in January. I don't make a lot of money as a poet/script supervisor and I'm worried that I won't be able to get around effectively without a car.  A lot of people have nothing to seize/garnish. If you’ve got the time and money to pursue stressful litigation only in the hopes that they eventually have something to take, more power to you. It’s not something I would recommend for most though. Trust me. I’ve sued and had to try and collect against a wide range of people/entities. There is little satisfaction in a moral victory with nothing in return.   I hate responses like this. I'll take someone's vape juice money if that is what it takes. You should always go after a person regardless of how much money they have in a checking account. People pay or you get to seize their assets. Yes, that is a lot of work, but letting them off only justifies their behavior. Talk to your insurance company. Hopefully you have some coverage you can use, either collision coverage or uninsured / underinsured driver coverage that would apply to property damage. If you have the bare minimum insurance you may not have any coverage for this situation, in which case you would be stuck trying to sue the other driver to recover damages... and that may be hopeless if the other driver doesn't have the means to pay for the damage they caused.  I assume you dont have full coverage. So that means that means it is your job to recover the money. You can sue in small claims court if you are within the limits. But know that people who dont carry insurance dont generally have money to pay for the damages they cause. So dont hold your breath that you will be getting money any time soon. Nothing is going to happen by january.  You can sue the other driver in court for your damages, or report it to your insurance company if you have full coverage.