 Ok so we've lived in this apartment for 3 years now in NH. We have a broken oven, hole in our tub, and cracks in the walls from condensation from improperly installed windows and AC. This was here when we moved in and we were told to deal with it as fixing it counted as renovations and they'd jack up our rent. These are things we can live with, especially since we don't pay for water. The big problem, is the massive amount of dark colored mold growing in the bathroom. We've been trying to get the management and landlord to take care of it for the entirety of our tenure here. We've been told to just, "put bleach on it." Well we do, regularly. After 3 years of trying to fight this stuff it's in the walls and causing the paneling on the bathtub to break apart. It's all over the tub, and if we use the bathroom sink it all bubbles up out of the drain and covers it. We pour a full bottle of draino down it bi-weekly to clean it out. We've had to invest in 3 air purifiers and breathing masks. I have an allergy to mold, so benadryl is keeping me breathing. After talking to some neighbors, they actually lived in this unit before us and moved to a larger one. They said the mold was there when they lived there too. They've been here a decade, so it's possible that this stuff has been going on for 10 years. Maintenance, management, and landlord refuse to do anything, and have become hostile to any requests we make for maintenance in the unit. We have a plan, and I'm just looking for confirmation that we're in the right to proceed. 1. Get mold tests and inspection. Tests are difficult, but proving the type of mold it is might help our case. Inspection is a good idea regardless. 2. We're planning on talking to a lawyer after that to see what we can do about this. This can't be healthy. Unfortunately we are flat broke given a string of unfortunate events around Thanksgiving so we can't even consider moving out. We don't have anywhere to go either. nobody we can crash with while this is taken care of. Honestly we can't even afford the inspection right now, but this is out of hand. We're hoping that whoever does it will charge the landlord not us, as there's no way this is up to code. Yeah we've done a lot of DIY already. Long term lease unfortunately. Not up until November. Believe me I'd love to move, and we were going to. Then the financial explosion happened. The problem is that as soon as you say "we cannot move out," your options get very, very limited. Because that's really the only good option here - just move. And many of your remedies, like calling the city building inspector, would result in your unit being red-tagged, at which point you'd have to move. Are you in a long-term lease? If not, then I'd wait until you have the money to move, then do so. If that's just not an option either, then you should ask your landlord if they'd be OK with you doing more extensive fixes, then start looking into DIY. This is hugely risky, because you'd be taking on liability yourself, but if you're handy enough and can figure out at least how to mitigate the problem, it could provide a path forward. Testing what type of mold probably isnt that important atm. More than likely the only way to fix the issue is to gut the bathroom. Call your local code enforcement to come out before you spend any money. Fortunately NH allows withholding rent for repairs. Now before you do this it is probably best to run it by a local lawyer....after you call code enforcement to verify this is a significant breach of habitability. You will go to court for eviction over this but of you can convince the judge that your landlord breached Minimum Standards of Habitability. Not sure where mold falls in the statute but plumbing issues are there. Document everything. Now if you go this route then I would not expect it lease to be renewed (not sure of laws governing lease renewal in NH) or for them to give you a hard time.  Have you contacted your local housing authority? The mold infestation sounds quite serious and may constitute a greater risk than is legally allowed within the confines of "fix it" requests. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.