 I'm going to try and keep this as simple and clear as possible: A close friend of my wife and myself very recently took her own life leaving two young children behind. The father passed away a couple years ago and has no extended family on that side to speak of. The mother's parents are still alive and very involved in the lives of her kids (their grand-kids). That said, she has very strong religious differences which created a rift between her and her parents / family for some time and despite allowing her parents to have an active relationship with her kids, she stated in the note she left behind that she does not want her children raised within her parents religion and wants my wife and I to raise them. She also assigned us as guardians in her will. Her parents are shaken by this, but have not made any attempts to block us or pressure us despite making it very clear to us that they had expected they would take guardianship of their grandchildren and are fully prepared to do so still. That said, they have agreed with us it will be best for everyone that we continue to work together to help the children get through the funeral and Christmas and that making any decisions now so close to the shock of her death would be a bad idea. They are currently at her apartment and have made plans to remain there through the end of the Christmas holiday. My wife has been there during the days to help out with preparations and spend time with the kids / my own kids doing various activities and trying to help keep her kids busy / distracted. Honestly, the grandparents have been very gracious / helpful / kind through this ordeal so far and I have no doubt they would be amazing guardians to these children. My only concern is that if we decided to waive any rights to guardianship as outlined in the mother's will, that they may block us from being involved in their lives later down the road due to the same religious conflicts. Should I be concerned about them taking action behind our backs during this time? Is leaving the kids in their apartment with their grandparents a bad idea? If we do let them take guardianship of them, is there any way we can retain legal visitation in some form to check in on them? Should we decide that letting them take the children is a bad idea and we do claim guardianship, how much of a fight will we have to put up considering this was the mother's wish? (assuming they fight us - I get the feeling that if "reason" fails, they will fight us). You absolutely must consult a family law attorney. We haven't written that thought off yet either; What we really need is time - this won't be a small undertaking as we aren't exactly in the best position financially at the moment and the mother didn't leave much behind. We're thinking of offering to let them finish out the school year with us so they won't have to move away from the teachers they like and lose friends right in the middle of all of this (the grandparents live out of state) but I'm concerned it won't be enough and that they'll push for a formal arrangement before we're ready to make one. I'm also worried that the fact that they're the ones tucking them in at night right now while we work this all out could be used against us should this turn into a fight for guardianship. I'm so sorry about your close friend and her children OP. That's an awful situation. If the grandparents do get appointed the legal guardians of their grandchildren, they will not have to permit the children to see you. I'd strongly suggest you have a consultation with a family law attorney if you're interested in having a (court ordered) role in the children's future).