 Last Tuesday I was involved in a car accident ; while in a crosswalk, a driver went through a stop sign and hit me. Luckily a police officer was in a coffee shop across the street, and was there to take the woman's contact info. Long story short, I went to the hospital, the woman was arrested for careless driving, etc. Since then, I've Ben having a very rough time getting things situated. My uncle got me in contact with the family lawyer who usually deals on accidents ; he's seemed kindve uninterested in general, and has only told me to send him all receipts of financial costs. He also hasn't been answering his phone this week. My main issue involves me getting into Physical Therapy. I talked to a few, and they've told me that my insurance (Aetna) won't cover the physical therapy because I don't have auto insurance. But I don't have a car? I don't see what that has to do with it. Furthermore my insurance has a copay (?) of 1,000$ for the PT, which I can't pay. I don't know why the person who hit me isn't liable from this bill. I'm sorry if this is disjointed, but I've been stressed this entire week and I could use some guidance.  My son was hit by a car. Sue her insurance. The law in no is that your car insurance is the first to get a claim, they reject it, and then, your health insurance. Get a lawyer and sue her insurance. NJ laws are fucked on this. We went thru a lot of insurance bs, at one time, the hospital sent my son a bill for his surgeries and trauma unit stay of almost 200k. He almost fainted, he is 19. I told him to ignore the bill until the dust settles. He did, and lo and behold, his final bills after insurance crap was under $1000. NAL, It’s likely that you may need to sue the drivers insurance company/3rd party liability for your pain and suffering plus medical bills. Keep every recipe and document any issues this is causing you in some kind of a daily journal. My SO almost died, as a passenger, in a single vehicle accident, and that was the avenue they needed to take in that case. Find a new lawyer too.  This person needs PT and can’t afford it out of pocket. He doesn’t have much of a choice, really.  Once you get a decent lawyer that's working on contingency they might be able to hook you up with a pt working on same said contingency, that's what happened when someone close to me got in an accident and the other persons insurance tried to deny fault Noooooooo. Current adjuster and people do not need attorneys. It literally just forces them to give up a chunk of their settlement. I only would recommend an attorney for severe injuries.  I work at an insurance company settling injury claims. You need to find a PT office that will bill the liability insurance carrier when you complete treatment. Usually they claim a lien on your Bodily Injury claim and get their money when your claim is settled. You just need to find one that will do that. I tell people all of the time, injury claims are not pay as you go. No bills will be paid until a settlement is reached.  1. Call your doctor and get a prescription/recommendation for PT 2. Call your insurance and ask where they DO cover PT 3. Call the PT places and see who is willing to work with you on your deductible 4. Get a new lawyer 5. Get your lawyer and your medical insurance working together to settle bills with the other insurance,  IANAL but I was an insurance adjuster for 9 years. The person who hit you is liable for all of your damages, including doctors bills and pain and suffering. The only problem is, they will not pay anything out until you resolve the claim and sign a release. You obviously can’t do that because you don’t know how long you will need PT for. Your best bet is to find a new personal injury attorney. PIAs usually have some mecanism for helping you pay medical bills while waiting for the claim to resolve. And yes, a former auto insurance adjuster just recommended you get an attorney. I recognize the irony.  I've worked in a PT clinic, for auto accidents health insurance doesn't want to pay because the at fault person has auto insurance and they want that person to pay. In most cases you would open a medical claim through your auto insurance and then your insurance would go after the other party. Since you don't have auto insurance you need to open a medical claim with the driver's company. The person who hit you is liable for the bill. Look at your insurance card again. Your plan most likely has a PT deductible of $1000, you pay the first $1000 then they start paying which is nice because usually the first visit runs around $1000. I have seen high copays in the past but the highest I've seen was $350/visit. I've worked in a PT clinic and have seen high copays. Not $1000 but the highest I've seen was $350/visit for PT. They had great coverage and low copays for everything else, but, as my boss said, they have to screw you somewhere. Ok so not a lawyer buuuttt i may work for said company that provides your health insurance... At a call center....so i know the member services stuff. We can cover it. Ive taken calls where people get hurt at hospitals, at work, etc and we are billed directly for it (and pay). If its in your benefits we can cover it or a prior authorization can be filed by your dr if needed. But on the fact that this was an accident involving a car where another persons insurance should be involved in paying, they should pay for it. But aetna (coventry) does have a special line for people that get involved in such things. I cant think of the name or number but ill reach out to a coworker to get that info as im currently on vacation so sadly i can't look at my resources. But you can call in and if a Rep doesn't know what your talking to speak to a supervisor. Even if we wouldnt be the ones to handle everything any Rep should assist in getting this sorted and provide resources if needed. But you not having car insurance shouldn't matter. Atleast i havnt ran into that issue with calls ive taken. You should be able to get a letter from the drivers insurance of their finding of responsibility, and their intent to cover your expenses. But you should find a more motivated lawyer, too. I work in Law office that specializes in personal injury. So ya you need a lawyer that that specializes in personal injury. If you have health insurance they might be able to cover the treatment till you get reimbursed. Keep documents of all treatments, paysub(if this injury results in wage loss)But this definitely sound like 3rd party fault. Get a lawyer ASAP. Not best worded but this is the best advice. Damages for pedestrians can be weird in some states, and in some cases it does go through the injured party's auto if they have it. But, even in those cases, there's a chain, i.e. 'if the pedestrian doesn't have auto, it goes to X'.  I almost guarantee you don't have a $1000 copay. You most likely have a $1000 deductible (which is actually great compared to most other plans). What this means is that you pay $1000 out of pocket for services (after insurance has been billed). Once you've paid $1000, your plan will pay typically 70%-100% of remaining bills (depending on your plan). That being said, talk to your insurance company again. They tend to have a lot of unqualified people in their call centers who have no idea what they are doing. Your medical insurance won't cover it because it was auto related, and you should be covered by someone's auto insurance involved in the accident. If you had your own auto insurance, they assist you and go after the other partys insurance. That is likely what Aetna meant. When you go to a hospital, they ask how you got hurt for this sort of circumstance. Ultimately your insurance would deny the claim and they want to get paid.  NAL, but I work for insurance. Contact the drivers insurance and speak with the claims adjuster assigned to the claim. Def find a new lawyer. get a different lawyer if he is not responding to you. the person at fault’s insurance will be paying the medical costs. Any excess/copay will be something they have to pay. your lawyer would sort that out. in the meantime you need medical care and dont have the money to pay for that. that sucks. you could go into debt or make payment arrangements with your healthcare providers until any money comes through from ab at fault party Exactly. Get a new lawyer. Get copies of the police/arrest report. Sue.  You need a new lawyer, and don’t submit your insurance, you submit the woman’s insurance info. While you’re looking for a new lawyer just keep going to your appointments and submitting the receipts to the woman’s insurance and the current lawyer... I think from the sounds of this, the physical therapy place is under the impression that you were in a “car accident “ not hit by a driver  've told me that my insurance (Aetna) won't cover the physical therapy because I don't have auto insurance. But I don't have a car? I don't see what that has to do with it. Because there's no insurance that's guaranteed to pay this, and they might get stiffed otherwise if the other driver's insurance plays hardball. Non-emergency medical providers can demand that you either pay up front or prove that someone will later. Have you talked to other PT providers?