 I'm posting this on behalf of a lovely friend of mine, "Betty." Betty is a teacher at a Colorado school for troubled kids. She's a fly honey, in the words of my generation, and moreso, she's a lovely friend, wife, and mother, as well as human being. Betty is originally from Estonia, now nationalized, if that has any bearing on anything Betty, like, loves teaching. She loves her students, loves helping them out, and I've never heard her bitch about a kid, which is what makes this so awful. The students are rowdy, to be sure, but she always turns to the happy sunny side of things. Thursday she was helping a student with a particular problem when, unknown to her, a group of girls recorded upskirt video of her with their cellphone. These girls seem to be particularly vile, as the rest of the class saw them do this and didn't say anything. She only learned of it during dismissal when one of her make students told her. She told her school's principal, who in turn called the girls and their parents in. The cops were also called. The girls admitted they took the video and there were student witnesses. The girls claimed the video was deleted. After district attorney says they can search but if there’s no video do I still continue to my case can I give up on it. Yes the detective said the only way they can demand that if I approve to sue them and send the case to district attorneySo she can give the cops a search warrant My friend doesn't know what to do. She's lost the respect of her class, her class is ticked that the police came around when there are a lot of undocumented students and thus, fear of authorities, and she feels betrayed. Her husband mentioned that all it showed was what you typicality see during the summer, and it's difficult to determine it's her so that's super supportive. Is there a case if the video is deleted? Is it actually deleted or not? What if it was uploaded to a voyuer website? Does Snapchat have a password protected 'only for me' feature that she thinks it has? Can she pursue something with the DA to search the phone? Pretty much, what are her options. Does she need to retain a lawyer for whatever reasons if the DA is able to help/unwilling to pursue charges? She still wants to teach but this is leaving her upset, especially since the head of the school is unsupportive. Ok... but those girls caused the distrust not her. Easier said than done. She or you should post this on subreddit for teachers for advice. She might need to see an education lawyer or one with experience in sexual harassment. And call around, maybe someone can do a free consultation (use Avvo.com to find a local list) Not sure you're in a place to be making decisions for her regarding what priorities are. Her priority I imagine should be getting this video removed before the rest of the internet sees the video. You asked if she has options and yes she has tons. Do not discourage her from seeking them. Ah! I see what happened with the text. So the DA IS planning to ask the officers to search the phone? If so, then her best bet is to just let that all play out. It sounded like the DA was asking HER if they should search the phone... which would be really weird. Cops and DA's generally do not ask crime victims how to do their jobs... they just do them... if they have cause for the search, they'll get it done and move forward on their own. But it sounds like it may have been two ideas - the DA said they ARE going to search it and do their thing, but she was asking if the DA tells her he's not filing charges whether she should pursue a civil case. That makes more sense. As to the specific question of getting her own lawyer... she should feel free to get a consult with a local lawyer to discuss the possibility, and what they could realistically expect to be awarded and collected if she won. I'm making some potentially unfair assumptions, but I wouldn't expect the average alternative school teenager to be just loaded... so there's a good chance the lawyer's advice will be 'you can sue, but you probably will lose money even if you win.'  If possible. If the files were just deleted regularly there is a good chance they still exist but with every tiny bit of data that is wrotten to the storage, this chance decreases. It's really just a get lucky or don't. No union. The girls were moved to different classes but now the trust is broken with her other remaining students. This was a direct copy/paste from her, along her question. I've tidied it up now. There's no union, I found out, since it's a charter school and they stomp out that sort of foolhardiness /s.  . Yes the detective said the only way they can demand that if I approve to sue them and send the case to district attorneySo she can give the cops a search warrant This paragraph is hard to follow, but I'm thinking a little basic explanation of how what you're talking about works might help you reformulate the question in a more answerable way? If she admitted to the police that they took the video and they have witnesses to the act... the police should get a warrant to search the phone. They will present what they've found to the DA, who will decide if he has sufficient evidence to bring criminal charges. If he does, he'll handle it from there, and will reach out to your friend for any additional information he needs. From your description, it sounds like you think your friend was being asked BY the DA whether to try to search the phone? None of that makes sense. She needs to follow up with the POLICE OFFICER (preferably detective) that's been assigned to the case to ask if there's any way to get a warrant for the phone and to let him know that she wants him to continue to investigate it, will cooperate in any way necessary, and ask when a good time to call back for an update is. Making it clear she won't go away may be the difference between the officer following it up or letting it slide off their desk. If they're searching it, the police will mirror the storage and analyze it piece by piece. If the file has been recently deleted, they can likely still recover it. (Though if it was never stored locally, they may not find it. I don't pretend to know how things like snapchat handle data - whether it gets streamed straight from the camera or gets stored, encoded, then uploaded afterwards? Obviously, if it was never on the drive, it won't be found there. But that's your best bet - following up with the police officer who responded to the call. If she'd like to consider a civil suit, that's entirely separate from the DA and police. She'd need to hire her own lawyer to handle that, though step one would be the lawyer examining all of the facts and telling her whether she has a case or not. More effective than a civil suit would be following up with her union rep, her administration, and their bosses if necessary to make certain that the SCHOOL at least responds with appropriate punishment. That SHOULDN'T be a tough sell, given that they admitted to it and were witnessed! I can say that the video definitely still exists unless these girls are engineers. Unless they physically destroyed the phone or used specific techniques to ensure all the data was truely overwritten, the cops can get the video even if they “deleted” it.  's difficult to determine it's her so that's super supportive. It sounds like her husband understands that nothing anybody does will cause this to un-happen. It sounds like he's attempting to give her a sense of proportion, albeit clumsily. The DA may well have far more pressing cases on his plate than a case of highschool bullying by a bunch of mean girls that will unlikely lead to any significant punishment. Especially if a number of the witnesses would be reluctant to help due to their undocumented status. If Betty wants to bring civil action against the students, she should contact the CO bar for referrals, and try to get a free consultation with one or two. They'll better be able to give her the odds of getting an outcome she wants than a bunch of redditors. But she should not be surprised if any legal action is expensive and uncertain to get the outcome she wants.  You mean is there a civil case if the video has been deleted? If the authorities cannot recover the video from the phone, I'd say a civil case would be a big expense and unlikely to succeed. The school did the right thing by calling the parents in and calling the police. I'm not sure why you'd say "the head of the school is unsupportive". Turning it over to the police is exactly what you want. An internal "school" investigation would not be a good idea. Having the police going to these girls and checking their phones should put the fear of god in them. I'd let the police handle it. If the video is password protected or not there, I don't think there's much that can be done on the civil front. I'd also say the school is unlikely to further punish the girls if the authorities can't prove the video was taken. I'd let it go if it gets to that point and just keep an eye on those girls to make sure they don't do anything further.  Please read the removal message, and ask any questions as it directs you to. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. The extraction law enforcement does on a phone after a search warrant typically recovers media that was deleted. Does she have an union? Also, I got call RAINN, it’s a free line for sexual harassment, and she should ask them for local resources and support. Also, if there’s a subreddit for teachers, she should post there Lastly, if the kids didn’t want the police around, then the girls shouldn’t have broken the law. The girls, not her, need to apologize to the other students (But I realize that this won’t happen)  Snapchat does in fact have a password protected 'my eyes only' feature. Not sure about the other information, but this I know. [removed]