 The father of my daughter just kicked me out of his house this morning, now he's pressuring me to accept a 50/50 split custody agreement and I have no idea how any of this works or what to do. He has a habit of lying and he's pretty good at covering his ass. He's never been physically abusive but he's also never taken care of our child longer than it takes me to shower. And he is verbally and emotionally abusive yowards me, but I can't prove that in court. What are my options, and if I can't show up to court (I don't have a liscense or a car, and im staying with my mom 40+ miles from the town we lived in) what will happen? 50/50 split is NOT the default in every state. In Texas standard possession results in non custodial parent having possession about 1/3 of the time. Then those are the kinds of facts you would use to justify either not having split custody at all, or requesting that he have supervised visitation until he can show that he is willing and able to properly parent.  Alright, thank you, i'll see if i can find an attorney to help with all of this. I don't mind sharing custody, im just concerned he's not fully capable of caring for her. He calls me the "default parent" and has since i brought her home from the hospital, he doesn't even change her most days. You should care, because showing that he illegally evicted you will help show that he's not going to act in good faith. 50/50 split custody is generally going to be considered the default, and to change that, you are going to need to show facts as to why it's in the child's best interest.   "take" our daughter from me. Judges aren't idiots. Every time I've ever heard that, it's never made a difference. The facts of the case are the facts of the case. There's only so much "manipulating" of them that can be done.  My name wasn't on the lease, and between him and the officers who responded to his call I wasn't given a choice. I had my mom on her way before they responded to the call but they still tried to make me go sit in their car to wait because he told them I was a nuisance and he wanted me out. I don't care about that though, im more concerned about the custody issues. My ex is really good at manipulating the truth and he keeps threatening to "take" our daughter from me. You need to go speak to an attorney ASAP. He can't just kick you out. You have tenant's rights. 