 First: This is in Indiana So there's a ton that goes into this story, but this dog has attacked me, and 2 of my brothers over the course of about 8 years. My mother is telling me that it is legally my step brother's dog. However, at the time of my attack, my step brother was under the age of 18, and I was over the age of 18. When I was attacked, I went to the hospital and received morphine. I was under heavy drugs, and a police officer came to make a report, but my mother waived the officer way just repeating "No, it was a family dog. We're good." and the officer left. I dropped the incident for years, but it has recently attacked my other brother now. My mother refused to put the dog down, and laughed me off when I tried to speak to her about it. She is now claiming that she has no say over it, because it's my step-brother's dog. He obviously refuses, and sees no problem with the dog. For reference of the dog attacks: The first two times the dog attacked (both my and my brother were over 18), our step father attacked us first, and the dog followed suit when we retaliated. This 3rd and latest attack however (This brother is about 35), was a "mistake" (as my mother puts it, and tries to justify it. How she believes that it being a mistake make it better is beyond me). Of what I know, he was pushing one of the dogs out of the door with his foot (Dog was sitting in a doorway, so he gently pushed it), and the Rottweiler charged him from behind and took him down by the ankle. But this is his case, and I'm aware that it's on him to push charges. This last attack also occurred in Florida. I'm a dog person and I would've given my life to save my dog from his cancer, but unfortunately it doesn't work that way. So I understand the love they have for their dog, but this dog has attacked people on 3 occasions. It is a pure bred rottweiler, and it caused permanent nerve damage to my left forearm, and scarred my left leg in multiple location. I also have claw marks along the left side of my chest. So I'm trying to figure out the legal ramifications for this dog attacking me. It happened almost 7-8 years ago. I don't want to make this legal, but I can't trust this dog to be around any members of my family. It's been nearly 8 years, and I still get terrified anytime I'm around the dog and it growls at something (whether it be a noise outside or whatever). The dog treated me like a chew toy, and I have never been more defenseless in my life than when this dog took me to the ground in an instant, and dragged me across the hallway almost effortlessly. Call the police or animal control if there is another incident.