 I just failed a drug test after using CBD edibles and vape cartridge. I am insanely pissed. I had no idea this was possible. I was an everyday/multiple times a day smoker for nearly 15 years. I haven't smoked weed in over a month after getting arrested. The anxiety and depression have been crippling and I thought CBD products could help if I couldn't use anything with THC. I'm on probation and they are sending my urine to the lab. Hopefully the lab will prove my innocence, but I have a feeling it won't. Could the THC still be in my system from my cannabis use prior to CBD? I'm flipping out and scared they will throw me in jail after doing NOTHING WRONG. What do I do now? Currently on probation as well I smoke cbd weed it would never cause a failed test so it’s in your system still or poorly made edible/cart  Wouldn't risk it... if you have no THC in your system then you should be fine. But if you do have thc in your system, the cbd will keep your thc levels at a stand still. So you can smoke cbd while on probation? Thanks for the follow up, you're a great person! Great fuckin news! Thank you. Yeah, they didn't violate me. It turns out the CBD kept my THC levels at a stand. I passed my last 2 tests. Hopefully this will all be over soon. Hey man, hope everything going ok over there for ya.  Thank you. It was really had just stopping like that after 15 years of smoking everyday. Valerian root and kratom we're my best friends lol No problem; very glad to hear it! Most reasonable response I've gotten. Passed my most recent test 2 weeks ago. Thank you for your response. If you smoked for that long, even after quitting for a month, you might still have THC in your system from smoking weed (and as far as the internet is telling me, you could add to that with full-spectrum CBD/hemp). CBD hemp =/= pot. Do research, scrub. Weird. I've never seen that. I haven't been smoking pot... Did you even read my whole post? Actually.. it doesn't. The only mention of THC is "100% THC-free" The medical benefits of cannabis don't cancel out your probation agreement to abstain from drugs. Look at the container it came in. It likely has tiny print somewhere actually saying it contains .03% thc. Always read the fine print. You're absolutely right -- these products are sold everywhere in Virginia, and the clear implication is that they're legal. But the issue you face is that you're on probation. Probation can and does include conditions that would not be lawful to impose on an ordinary citizen. You may give up your Fourth Amendment rights in some circumstances related to search by a probation officer and mandated drug tests. You may give up your First Amendment rights related to freedom of association with conditions that limit your association with felons. And most critically, you give up the deontological protection associated with being a completely innocent person, because when you combine probation with products that live on the edge like CBD does, you have no safety net, so to speak. Vaping CBD can transform legal THC-A into illegal THC, to pick an example I mention above. You might protest that you believed you were on the safe side of the law, but probation requires that you exert effort to not just stay technically legal, but take extra steps to ensure that a mistake of fact doesn't come back on you. My husband uses cbd also and recently failed a drug test at his doctor's office. What they told him is the standard in-office drug test(which is probably the same type of cheap test that you were tested with) only looks for cannabinoids, which includes thc AND cbd. Once they send it off to the lab they're able to do a more exact test which will show whether it was thc or cbd or both. Btw EVERY cbd oil I've seen has a notice on the bottle saying it contains as much as .03% THC. You will not find an oil that's completely safe for you while on probation. Anything in your system from smoking a month ago should be clear by now but it depends on how heavily you smoked and how fast your body in particular gets rid of it. My guess is that you'll be cleared by the lab test but they aren't going to pay for you to have your test sent off to the lab each time due to the time and expense involved. So basically, if you get cleared this time don't use cbd anymore until you're off probation. I have no problem with you smoking pot. Your PO does.  The problem is that CBD products are everywhere in VA, including gas stations. The products I got claim to be 100% THC free. I am now aware they may contain trace amounts of THC, but not enough to fail a test. If they do have enough to fail a test or even any at all, why is it sold at virtually every gas station and tobacco store in the region? Why are these companies tainting any possibility of legitimacy for the industry? By mislabeling products or making false claims, not only are they lying to and screwing over their customers, but are ruining the chance of the legitimacy of medical cannabis. Thank you so much. You've been the most positive and helpful reply thus far. I hope you get off your probation sooner than later as well and best of luck to you! What I am confused about the testing positive for THC while no THC has been consumed...I was not tested for CBD. I don't understand what people don't understand about CBD =/= THC... Genuinely wishing you some peace while you’re in limbo, waiting for the verdict! Hope the magnesium gives you some relief.  Cannabidiol (CBD) in Virginia is a complex legal issue. For example, a otherwise legal CBD product that contains both CBD and THC-A may not be legally consumed by vaping, since vaping converts THC-A to THC. But there's no need to carefully wade through Virginia law, since CBD remains illegal at the federal level, and since I suspect your probation requires you t eschew both state and federal crimes, it's unclear to me why you'd be surprised that a negative result for violating a federal law while on probation. Cite: []() Note that the only change is that FDA-approved drugs that contain CBD derived from cannabis and no more than 0.1 percent tetrahydrocannabinols are now in Schedule V. This affects exactly one product at present: Epidiolex, an epilepsy drug created by GW Pharmaceuticals. Uh.... yeah... Found out the hard way I am just on pre-trial probation at the moment. I am guessing I will have at least one year probation after my court date. My PO says I could have up to 3 years probation for my charges. I am hoping for only 6 months, though I know it is unlikely. Thank you for the magnesium tip. I will absolutely look into it and probably buy some tomorrow to try it out. Kratom has been a godsend for my anxiety recently, however it feels too much like an illicit opioid and definitely causes some gastrointestinal issues. Maybe magnesium is the answer for, at least, my anxiety. Now, addressing my depression, back and neck pain, and tempromandibular joint disorder without cannabis, is a whole 'nother story... Probation definitely flipped my world upside down at first. I went to court ordered therapy and it surprisingly helped. Nothing compares to getting to smoke some weed but probation is only temporary, if you follow the rules. Don’t forget. How long do you have? Liquid Magnesium continues to help my anxiety. I take it daily. Please look into it. 4-5 droppers full in a shot glass of juice. It noticeably helps. Like immediately. [Trace Minerals Liquid Magnesium](=google utm_medium=pla utm_medium=pla utm_source=google utm_campaign=Shopping_DSTest utm_content=878941000171 utm_term=ProductGroup gclid=EAIaIQobChMI2Zqi-Yug3wIVx7jACh1Lhg1EEAQYASABEgIgjPD_BwE)  Well obviously they aren't THC-free.  The products I used ARE labeled as derived from 100% industrial hemp and THC-free. Okay, so Ibuprofen and Tylenol are off the table, too because those are drugs? Your logic is flawed. You obviously are unaware/ignorant to the medical benefits of cannabis. Thanks for the reply, but please don't insult me for wanting to better myself after a fucked up situation. Edit: sentence structure This is so wrong on so many levels. I'm sick to my stomach... Thank you. I feel like this situation is very wrong. I was trying to do the right thing. After 15 years of self medicating, it has been VERY hard to abstain from THC. I haven't smoked or used ANY THC products and I feel like I'm going to go to jail again for doing something completely legal. I have been prescribed Prozac and Xanax and had VERY bad episodes on those drugs. Everything the doctor has prescribed me has had terrible side effects and adverse reactions. Cannabis has been the only thing to alleviate my symptoms entirely. I get caught with it one time, and told to abstain from using (which I reluctantly comply with) and I figured CBD would be a great way to adhere to my probation rules and still get the medical benefits I need. Boy, was I wrong... You should probably be up front and honest with your probation officer about why you failed. It’s better this way. Until you’re done with probation, find legal ways to cope with your anxiety. Talk to a therapist and get to the root of your issues. Your officer can help direct you. It’s what they are there for. They want to see you succeed in life, not fail. I promise. If you start the relationship with your officer on a tone that suggests you’re going to be sneaky and dishonest, you’ve got a long road ahead. If you ever need someone to talk to about your probation frustrations, you can reach out to me. Best of luck bud. Source: I’ve been on probation for 3 fucking years. I still have 4 more years to go. I was an avid smoker before I was sentenced, in a state that hasn’t legalized medical or recreational yet.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. It's legal for medical reasons on the state level. Also, my brief research indicates that any THC use, even for medical reasons, would constitute a violation of state probation in VA. To OP, usually these star agencies adhere to federal rules due to them receiving federal funding.  Source? [The DEA and DOJ disagree.]() Just because it's legal on the state level doesn't mean it's 100% legal, nor does it mean it doesn't violate the terms of OP's probation. CBD is like the decaf coffee of weed. Yeah it says it's decaf, but there always seems to be a little trace of caffeine left in there CBD oil containing up to 5% THC is legal only for medical reasons.  It's only legal if it is CBD derived from hemp plants. It is a drug. Legal or not, your probation requirements can exclude you from participating in legal activities. In the future, ask your PO what is and is not allowed in your agreement. 