 BACKSTORY: My wife and I have psuedo-adopted 20yr-old daughter. She's not legally adopted but we have supported her and considered her family since she left her birth family over a year ago. I want to add that her family members are very conservative and religious Indians but that she is a US citizen. For the past few years, daughter was becoming more rebellious and resistant to her family's way of life. So about a year and a half ago, she took a trip with her family to India were she had her passport and identification confiscated (by her parents) and forced to stay in the country for 4 months. While this wasn't the first inappropriate parenting tactic that they subjected their daughter to, it was going to be the last. After convincing her family that she had come around to their ways, they allowed her to return to the US for school. She was 18 at the time, and had been secretly planning a jailbreak with my wife. As soon as she got past customs she fled. It was a big ordeal in the airport with her family making a big ruckus. In the end, daughter came home with my wife and her family has been fuming ever since. Main Bit: Now onto my problem. Her family has continual stalked her. They have hacked into her social media accounts and email. (she has new passwords and emails now). Her parents and several cousins drove 13 hours from their home in AL to MD where we live (thankfully they did not know our street address). They have members of their religious community reach out to our daughter on a regular basis. Recently, they hired a private investigator to stalk her. This is very unsettling to my daughter who is afraid of ending up back in India with no way of getting back home again. Are there any legal actions that I or my daughter can take? TL:DR My 20-yr financial-dependent is being stalked by her biological family and fears being kidnapped to India again, what can we do? I see your point. Did she just explain the situation, or did she walk in with a list of documented instances of being stalked/harassed? There is a difference. She has gone to the police and explained the situation. They will not offer any help and do not believe in the seriousness of the issue. She can visit her local courthouse to review the requirements for a no-contact or restraining order in her jurisdiction. If she applies for either and it gets approved, further contact from her family would be in violation of a court order which is illegal. Your _adult family friend_ has no obligations towards her family whatsoever, and can cut contact with them if she so chooses. Her family cannot legally take her anywhere against her will. They _can_ continue to try to contact her, so long as they avoid threats of violence and anything else that would make a reasonable person fear for their immediate safety, but she has no obligation to listen. If her family's activity rises to the level of stalking, she can ask the police to intervene (stalking is a crime), but I'm skeptical it's at that point. A PI is intrusive and unwelcome, but ultimately has no more authority over her or access to her life than any other member of the public. (If you live in a state where PIs are licensed, then hiring a PI actually protects her a bit - a PI likely won't do anything that puts their license in jeopardy, such as breaking in or physically accosting her. Her family might not have that level of restraint.) If her family come to her door and won't leave, enter her home without her permission, or threaten or commit violence against her, she should call 911.  The last time she went to India she was under 18, so she could not refuse to go. She is 20 now, she no longer has a concern of being forced to go to India. If they do ever try to drag her unto a flight, she simply needs to stay clam until she gets to customs and then start screaming and asking for help. She would not be forced to take a flight. As for the harassment, she should simply block them all and not engage them in anyway. Set all profiles to private and ignore all messages from people she doesn't know/doesn't want to speak to. She's an adult now.  She is over 18, therefore an adult. She should document the stalking and/or harassment as best as she can and then go to the police. Stalking is a crime in MD.