 What recourse does the client have? The client feels his pending divorce case settlement contract for child costs agreed by petitioner is not being paid. Counsel files motion to withdraw due to client not paying for motion to enforce settlement (irreconcilable differences) - lawyer believes client is too demanding. No money is actually owed. Now client is without lawyer for divorce case. Client is indigent but needs representation.  're talking about the same attorney in question. Yes, I realize that. So you attorney refuses to speak to you? Or has he or she explained it previously and you are not understanding? What do you mean how it can be enforced? If the child support amount and particulars are part of a court order, and if a party violates the order, the non-violating party can file a contempt of court action against the other party. There will be a hearing and the judge will decide if the violating party is in contempt of court. You're talking about the same attorney in question. There must be some way to determine how a child support agreement should be enforced.  If you need clarification of a part of your settlement agreement, as in, you need an explanation, then ask your attorney what it means, legally; what your obligations and rights are. If you need "clarification" in that you need the court to do something or change something, you have to file a motion or have a hearing. The judge cannot give you legal advice, or help you write or negotiate an agreement. The judge can ask you questions and determine if you understand the agreement and are able to abide by its terms.  I appreciate the response. If the divorce agreement is in process of being finalized, and the client just wants clarification on the child support agreement then would the judge help facilitate that since it's a disputed fact that could settle the pending divorce case?  The court won't let an attorney off the case in certain circumstances. You can oppose the motion, but it is not likely the judge will force the attorney to stay on, barring certain special circumstances  First of all, your title and your post are confusing. Are you complaining that your attorney is asking the court to be relieved as your attorney? If so, what is your legal question? No attorney has to work for any client unless a court says so. The attorney does not have to keep you on as a client. Generally, courts will let the attorney out of the case, even of the client does not want it because, you know, forced employment is not a thing. The only time I can think of off-hand where a court forces an attorney to stay on the case is when the case is too close to the final hearing trial date and the client would not have enough time to hire other counsel. But this is the exception, not the rule. The fact that you would be at a disadvantage is not a reason to force someone to work for you. Read your retainer agreement. Also, if you are indigent, how are you paying your attorney? While the client is generally the "boss", the attorney retains the authority to decide the best way to pursue the case. If you don't like what your attorney is or is not doing, you can hire a different attorney.  Then why does the court even listen to a motion if there's no defense? There is no recourse except to hire a new lawyer or go forward without one. 