 Hi all, This situation began about a month ago when a co-worker at the restaurant we work for had several hundred dollars stolen out of her purse. Management began locking the door to their office where employees keep their personal belongings (we do not have employee lockers or anything). There have been times when the office is still unlocked though, whether they forget or just a lapse, and last night myself and two other employees all had their wallets cleaned out totaling another several hundred between the three of us. We filed a police report last night, though we know there will be likely nothing the police can do, but wanted to have documentation of the occurrence in case of future actions. After the first theft there were talks about management installing a camera in the office, which of course never came to fruition. I am wanting to push them on installing cameras now, but others have been telling me to also push to have them pay for what was taken as they were negligent to provide a safe place for employees to keep their personal belongings and instead recommend keeping things in our cars (cars have been broken into in that lot before as well so I personally don’t prefer to store my things there, and of course there are no cameras in the lot either). So I am wondering if this would be considered negligence on our employers part? Should our employers be responsible for installing better security measures and/or repaying us what was taken? I know it’s not much in the grand scheme of things, and that we shouldn’t have cash on us anyway, but just wondering what can be done in this circumstance as we will likely never find out who did it, at this point at least. Thanks for any input!  Your recourse is with the thief, not your company, and just because the identity of the thief may be unknown doesn't mean liability then falls on your employer. Most companies state during orientation that they are not responsible for any thefts or damages for any personal property you bring in.