 Hi everyone, I'm in the middle of a frustrating situation and could use some legal advice. First off, let me state I live in Central Florida and apologize for the length of this message and all spelling / grammar errors, I was not an English major in college. In September we moved out of a rental property that my family and I had lived in for 6 years. During our time there we did our best to be model tenants. We were never late on rent, didnt cause any significant damage to the house or property, keep the exterior within all HOA guidelines, and kept in constant communication with the property management company on any/all maintenance issues that came up. This past March the property owner sold the house to a new investor. We were renting through a property management company that the previous owner was contracting. The property manager brokered the sale and kept us informed of what was going on each step of the way. Once the sale was complete the new owner (who is based out of New York) decided to not retain the services of the property manager. We were told we would be paying our rent directly to the new owner and they would be assuming control of our security deposit. While we had no issues with the new owner initially, we decided it was time to move on to a new residence as our family had grown over the previous year and we were in need of additional space. Our lease was due to end on October 31, 2018. We notified the new owner that we intended to not renew our least in July, more than 90 days prior to our lease expiration date (as was required in our lease). In early September the new property owner retained the services of a property management company. Interestingly enough, it was a company that we rented from in the past and highly recommended because of their great customer service. Around the same time we found a new home to rent that required an immediate lease signing and rent payment. As we still had over a month left on our current lease, we were able to come to a deal to break the lease early, agreeing to forfeit the amount of one month's rent from our security deposit as a penalty for the early termination, with the remainder of the deposit to be returned after any damage and repair assessment costs were agreed upon. After we moved out, the new propert manager conducted negotiations between me and the property owner to come to an agreement on what portion of the remaning security deposit would be retained by the owner for general cleaning and repairs, and what portion would be returned to me. Again, there was no major damage and we did a very complete cleaning of the house after all of our belongings were moved out. So any damages or cleaning were very minor. This process took almost two months as the propert owner would constantly drag their feet on responding to any correspondence (everything was done through email at my request so I could have a documented history of the whole process). Finally in early November we came to an agreement on the amount of security deposit funds that would be returned to me. All of which I have in writing. It is nearly 5 weeks later and I still have not received a check for the funds. I call and/or email the propert manager an average of 4 times a week asking for status updates (I speak with the manager because there is a history of the owner not returning my calls or emails in a timely fashion, something he seems to have better luck with). The manager is typically very good with responding to my requests, and claims the owner acknowledges she needs to send me the agreed upon funds, but makes no mention of when she will, or why she hasn't sent them yet. This whole process has taken over three months, and shows no sign of ending anytime soon. Based on my very limited understanding of rental law in Florida, the whole thing should have been wrapped up in 45 days or less. What, if any, legal options might I have to go after the owner for the agreed upon funds that I am owed? My personal thoughts is that she spent the entirety of the security deposit on repair costs that she later agreed to wave and now does not have the available funds to pay me what is owed, and by constantly avoiding sending the payment, she hopes that I will forget about it. I have absolutely no proof of this, it is nothing more than a gut feeling. Again, sorry for all the misspellings and grammar mistakes, and thanks in advance for any helpful advice.  Thanks for the advice.  Download the filing forms for the small claims court in your area. Fill them out just as if you were going to file them. Send a copy to the owner and property manager. Tell them they have 3 days to get you a check or you will file with the court. Include copies of your proof that they agreed to pay you. Also check your state landlord tenant laws, sometimes if they miss a deadline you can sue for twice the amount. Or just file with the court, you will almost certainly win. 