 I work a standard office job here in Chicago, Illinois. At this office, we have one gay coworker (we'll call him Michael) and he's one of those guys who's constantly moving at a fast pace all of the time, and there have been several points where his fast-paced behavior has come off as very rude. For example, let's say that he's walking across the office. He'll be walking very fast which usually isn't a big deal, but let's say there's something in his path, like a chair. Instead of gently moving the chair aside, he'll just keep fast walking and shove the car aside as hard as possible, not knowing who or what it hits. He's already damaged a cubicle wall by doing this and there have even been points where he's shoved people out of his way when they're in his way, instead of doing the polite thing and asking "Excuse me, can I get through?" The problem is that a lot of people here don't want to stand up to him out of fear of being seen as homophobic and I think Michael is aware of this and using it to his advantage. Today when I got to my cubicle, I saw Michael and another coworker talking and the latter asked Michael to hand me a binder full of papers that needed to be reviewed and filed. Instead of doing the polite thing of handing me the binders and letting me know what they were for, Michael just walks by without a word, throws the binder on my desk, and spills my hot coffee all over my desk and lap. I stood up and yelled at him "Life doesn't always have to move at 100 miles per hour! Have some fucking manners!" And what does he do? He just smiles at me, flips me off, and walks away without a word. I snapped and I threw my stapler at him. It missed and he reciprocated by grabbing a bunch of office supplies and throwing them at me. We both started throwing random things at one another until managers and other coworkers stepped in. But when some people went to grab and restrain Michael, he screamed "Whoever touches me is being reported for a hate crime!" My manager took me into his office and fired me for cussing/yelling on the office floor and throwing supplies at a coworker. I asked if Michael was being fired for doing the exact same thing as me, but my manager said no. He literally said "Our company wouldn't look so great if we fired a gay employee." I tried to explain that Michael has a history of being rude and disturbing other employees and my manager acknowledged complaints about Michael from around the office, but my manager said that he has to take Michael's sexuality into consideration. Is there anything I can do about this? I don't care that Michael is gay, but I do care that he's an asshole who uses his homosexuality to get away with punishment. I want to fight tooth and nail to get him fired and I need to know if I can report this company for giving special treatment to an employee just because he's part of a protected class. [deleted] You started a physical altercation at work. That is why you were fired.  No, there is nothing you can do, because firing you was completely justified, and you instigated the physical confrontation. It's none of your business what happens to the other employee. You instigated a fight. If you have a problem with a coworker, you go to your manager and talk about it like an adult. You don't throw staplers like a petulant child. There is nothing, in a legal sense, you can do. Apply for unemployment and move on with your life.   No. You physically assaulted a co-worker who mistakenly spilled your coffee. Firing you is absolutely acceptable in this situation, and his lack of firing isn't because it's gay; it's because his offense was far, far far lesser than yours. Seek counseling for your anger management problem.