 I am a licensed massage therapist in Washington. I have been working for a business since October 1st, 2018 classified under 1099. I was responsible for my own sheets, oils, music, and taxes. I do not recall a signed contract but when I asked the doctor he assured me all I would need was the 1099 at tax time. I was eager to start my position on board what I thought was a team environment. Slowly my days grew longer with no more pay because I was being asked to accommodate the clients who were showing up late or well past their scheduled appointment time. It felt tense when I asked for a day off, even if that was to pursue continuing education for my career. When I tried to bring up my frustrations about communication within the office and general tension with the Doctor he would ask me if I needed some chocolate. Or if I should go get a snack. It felt disrespectful and pointed. On December 12th I put in a two weeks notice to work til December 27th. The next day I am forced to eat lunch outside the office because he said he was longer able to allow me to be in the office without someone there. I asked him to stop scheduling me with a certain client and he kept him on the schedule. So on December 19th I felt forced to leave/quit due to a very emotional conversation with the Doctor were he yells “Get the fuck out of my office and get back to work!!!” . After that I no longer felt welcomed or safe there. Typically, I receive a paper check on the 20th and 5th from the owner of the company (the doctor). On the 19th he threatened to deduct my pay checks for the services I had already provided. Then he also said to call and he would give me my check on the 20th. When he finally answered the phone he said he would mail my check. I asked if he had the correct address and he said he would call me the following day. The next day, he didn’t call. So I called him. He answered my call at around 6pm to tell me that he will not give me the check and he has spoken to his attorney and will evaluate the loss of profit because I will no longer be working through to the 27th. I was told to call him and he would tell me what his attorney thought was fair. He has since blocked my number. So I am unsure about the next steps and am seeking advice on what to do going forward. Ideally I would like to receive the money I've earned for the service I provided but more importantly I would like to ensure that he is not able to do this to another therapist in the future. Thank you for your time! Thank you! You are too legit, never quit!  Figure out if you are [covered]() (PDF) by Washington's Department of Labor Industries. They will cover some people that the IRS would consider correctly classified as "independent contractors" (1099/W9). You'll also want to figure out if you're correctly classified there, or you risk paying for taxes you shouldn't have to If you are, you can file a wage claim or sue. If you aren't covered, then suing is your only option. How much are you owed? Two things 1) sue him for the money owed. If you are under the small claims limit, it should be an easy process. 2) While most massage therapists are contracted and would supply massage oils, etc, the fact that he did not let you control your schedule and exclude a certain client, etc. makes you sound a little like an employee.