 I am a teacher at an inner-city school in Michigan and one of my students as he reports it: 1: was caught selling cocaine 2: ran from the police jumped over a fence 3: was caught with possession of cocaine 4: he doesn't do cocaine he just needs the money. He has a few concerns: How likely is it that he will be charged as an adult? He was told he'd get 6 years is that realistic? Will he be automatically tried as an adult if his birthday comes around? How can I help my student, he's a good kid just poor And when to use commas...and hard stops... I don’t think we’re dealing with an English teacher here. It is a common misconception that they are less than ideal since in many places they do have very heavy caseloads. But the amount of time and work that needs to go into a matter like this that almost assuredly will be plead down to a lesser offensive with a recommended sentence is very small compared to something like a murder charge. What a defendant (fyi the defendant is the accused and a defender is the attorney) needs is for their attorney to be able to review the facts and determine if there was a miscarriage of justice where his rights might have been violated and determine if there is a good defense worth taking to trial. If not, and here is it pretty likely not, they need to be able to work with the other parts of the system to ensure his best possible outcome. They will know what the prosecution will allow him to plead to, and what the judge will approve in terms of sentencing. They usually have very good relationships with these folk, and this type of crime is very commonly committed by the poor, so they have a lot of experience with similar cases. I've been a lawyer for over two decades, and while I do not do criminal defense at all, I consistently admire the people who choose public defense as their career, either for a while or their whole career. It is a job that takes an immense amount of heart and caring and dedication. I have an incredible amount of respect for them. People are always free to pay for their own counsel, but they really are not getting that much out of it over a PD in a matter like this. If I ever needed a criminal defense attorney, I would hope they had done PD work.  Public defenders are really good at getting their clients decent deals, and tbh it sounds like the cops have him dead to rights on the charges, so a good deal is what he’s hoping for.  As a teacher you should know the difference between defender and defendant. This is the opposite of what I understand about public defendants. I am under the assumption that a public defendant is over worked and can't handle one more kid on his Caseload Also thank you! He needs a lawyer, period. He probably qualifies for a Public Defender, which is a court-provided attorney. They have a great deal of experience in this type of case, and generally have good relationships with the judges and prosecutor. It is impossible to say what his penalty will be, or if he will be charged as an adult. Just turning 18 after being caught does not make it mandatory; what matters is his age at the time of the offense. Being so close to 18 and the crime being serious does make it more likely. His lawyer will work to try to secure a deal that he pleads to lesser charges or a deferral if possible. He or she will also review all the facts to ensure his rights were being upheld during his arrest and the process to that point. Unfortunately, we just can not give anything resembling a reasonable prediction on what happens. He should absolutely not speak with anyone else but his lawyer about the events or matter. I am sure you want to help him, but you should strongly advise him to only speak with and absolutely, positively only listen to his lawyer.  These are serious charges. He absolutely needs a lawyer. If he cannot afford a lawyer, a lawyer can be appointed for him.  He needs a good lawyer...he is looking at possession, evading police and selling/distributing narcotics... 