 I live in Colorado Springs. I’m not entirely sure if this counts as legal advice, but can my neighbor really do this? My husband and I have work schedules that make it to where he’s getting home from work when I am leaving for work. Sometimes he gets home about an hour after I leave for work. I only work two times a week. So I am almost always home! My dog is rarely ever left alone so I find it comical that they think they can call animal control because he disturbs them maybe 3 hours out of the whole week? We rarely ever go out at night so the barking definitely is only happening during lunch time. My dog is very cared for and always has access to food and water. We take him out to use the bathroom four times a day. I think it would be such a waste of Animal Control’s time and resources to literally come out for something so little! I have already spoke to my apartments main office to see if anyone has made any noise complaints and they said they have received no complaints and think the neighbor is being silly as well. I live in a pet friendly apartment complex so I don’t understand why a neighbor has so little patience and tolerance for animal noise. It’s a apartment complex so I believe you should be a little flexible with noise. If you want it dead silent and don’t want to hear a animal noise ever then move into a house!  get a bark collar. youre being an ass to your neighbor. they will eventually call animal control or start contacting your landlord. Three hours a week is a lot if whomever is upset has a baby or a sick person they are caring for, or if they work graveyard, or need to study, or if they just want relative quiet in their home. A "pet friendly" complex does not mean someone is asking to be subjected to your dog's barking on a regular basis. It is your legal responsibility to avoid disturbing your neighbors. Whether animal control does anything this time or not, you are now on notice that this is a problem, and it's up to you to solve it -- whether through training, petsitters, doggy day care, or whatever other solution you can come up with. You can definitely be cited if this recurs. Someone didn't just call animal control on a whim -- this is obviously interfering with their ability to live peacefully in their home. The thing is, we never hear the barking! He doesn’t bark when we are leaving and I don’t hear him barking when I’m coming home. We confirmed with a neighbor that he does whine for a little while but it doesn’t bother them at all! "Maybe" three hours a week? Do you mean that your dog starts barking the moment that it's alone, and only stops when one of you comes home?