 Hi Reddit, Basically, I am a victim of fraud, have a few issues blocking me from filing a complaint right away, and need legal advice. I 'sold' a $500 dollar camera to someone over Facebook. I am a first time Paypal user, and fell for all the scam Paypal emails confirming the payment to my account. I know...my mistake - this is really stupid of me, but now I am trying to clean up the mess. I sold the camera on Saturday, but realised this issue on Monday (Christmas). Therefore, I was unable to reach USPS and Paypal until this morning. I also tried to put the shipment on hold on the USPS website, but for some reason this option would not work (and I could not contact costumer service of course). My fear is that this scammer has access to my name, email, and address (because of return address requirements). I deleted my info on my Paypal, have the photos of the conversation, have the address I shipped to, I did NOT give out my phone number or any other information. Another issue, I am currently abroad and won't be returning for another month. I did contact my local authority, they said I had to come in person to file a complaint. I also tried to contact the local authority of the town the package was shipped to (I looked up the address and found previous complaints about similar scams). The package is currently in transit to the scammer - believe me, I have called USPS a ALL day trying to get them to stop the package from completing the shipment. They have told me a few times it is impossible - but I can't accept this so I am on hold again. I am preparing for the worst, so what are my options for avoiding identity theft and so forth? Can I have a local lawyer file a complaint for me while I am overseas? Thank you so much... Hey, I've tried many times. However, the address they gave to me is fake, thus, I am unable to change the shipping status. It seems that it is fake for that reason - however, it is real enough to be delivered. I know this sounds weird, but USPS costumer service suggested that theory. They can't change the delivery status either. With UPS, as long as you have the tracking number, make an account and Mark it as return to sender. There's an option. Go to track my package, go to delivery options and then click make an account. Then add the tracking number to your account and change the delivery option to return the sender. As long as it's not been delivered, you should be okay.