 Hello all. My dad was visiting me hours away from his home. He has a very important prescription and ran out while he was here so he had his doctor fill it here. Apparently they can only transfer his prescription so many times within a certain time frame. I’m authorized to pick up his medication, which is no problem.. but he can’t come here to pick it up and wants me to mail it to him. It’s not pain killers or anything crazy like that, just the only brand of sleeping meds that works for his anxiety and insomnia. Can I send them to him? He needs them and can’t drive here to pick them up. They have to be approved by the DEA to use USPS I believe. I’m not sure about laws on other drugs, I do know he has a script that gets refills 3 months at a time and he has transferred them before but I believe he has a cap on the times he can transfer. Some drugs, like Ambien that are Schedule IV controlled substances, don't require a new prescription each time. Adderall is a Schedule II that does. Controlled substances require a new script each time, I know this because I am on one, for ADD, and I have to have a new paper script each time. DEA regulations don't allow for refills on controlled substances, it is a new script each time. In another reply the OP says its Ambien which is not a controlled substance.  With narcotics [or just controlled substances] in some states, you can only transfer a prescription to a different pharmacy one time for the remainder of that script so if he had it transferred to a different state, he has to keep getting it filled or have a new script written and some [most] docs won't just write a new one because of the aforementioned narcotic and potential for abuse. Once a new one is written it starts over again and goes back to normal. As far as I know, it's not a pharmacy rule, it's a state rule. If they're a part of a chain then you can report them to corporate. I have never heard of any state laws that say you can't move prescriptions around because of the vacationing reason. A friend of mine was visiting OH from TN and he ran out of his meds so he called in a refill at the local Walgreens up here in OH and they filled it. The next month he went to his Walgreens and they filled it with no problem.  Sorry I meant filling it locally. They threw a fit about filling it here in the first place, now they REALLY don’t want to switch it again. I’ll go with ups No, mail order pharmacies use UPS and FedEx all the time. I've shipped my parents' prescription medication tp South Carolina from Ohio via UPS because the forgot it and insurance was denying the refill because it was too early. The post office (USPS) refuses to ship medication but UPS and FedEx will. As for the chain pharmacies they have access to the records and will fill it. I've had to do this because for some weird reason my e-prescriptions get sent to the wrong location and I refuse to pick it up there because it is not convenient to my house. Then it refills at the wrong location again and I have to go and get it from the location I want. IT is supposedly looking into it but it happens every month.  I think different states hinder that ☹️ I believe it’s Ambien, I’m in northern Nevada,he’s in Idaho. You can ship it via UPS or FedEx but not the USPS. If he is at a national chain pharmacy they don't limit where you can pick it up, if he explains that he was on vacation and ran out they should be more than willing to fill it at his normal location. Yes. Securely package the item. Make sure sending and receiving address are clear and correct. Get delivery confirmation. I deliver medication SEVERAL times a day from the various veterans hospitals. I also get MY meds delivered by mail once a month. So for everyone saying that the USPS doesn’t deliver meds, they are lying. What is the drug in question, and what are the shipping origination/destination points?