 Hi there, This might seem like a silly question. I am in my late 20s and my parents live in a different state. They have recently started to receive a lot of “new mom” starter kit supplies addressed to me. I would generally write it off as targeted advertising, but they get something almost every week- diaper packs, birth announcement ads, formula kits. All are addressed to my name and congratulate me on my new arrival. This started about 2 months ago. I don’t have a baby. I’m not on my parents’ healthcare and I live in a different state. I have not received any of these items at my home address. Should I be concerned that someone used my identity and my former address to give birth and/or get Medicare? If so, what actions can I take to protect myself going forward? I have already checked my credit. No new action was reported, but I have preemptively frozen it. Thanks! Did you start a registry anywhere?  I think they’d be able to cull quite a few false positives if they just didn’t use wish list or registry purchases as client data.  A friend of mine had something similar happen. Turns out she signed up for a new baby registry not a wedding registry at Macy's. I think it was Macy's but it may have been Amazon.  Yeah, I get this too every time I buy something for a younger relative. While I understand targeted ads, the algorithm should notice it's a one time purchase and not a regularly purchased from section. I tend to ignore the Amazon 'what you might want' list now because of how poorly targeted the algorithm is. Could someone be playing a prank on you?  I had this happen before. It was all because I bought a product marketed to babies ( baby powder ,baby shampoo, something like that) at CVS with my credit card. Have you done that lately? The strangest promotion I got was a 6 pack of liquid formula. Eventually I got a flyer that asked me about my newborn. I found a check box for "no child in the house" and mailed that paper back in. Then no more mailers, coupons, baby milk, ect!  My son is 19 and I'm gonna be a grandma in 6 months. I bought a maternity bra there almost 20 yrs ago. Five addresses later, they just won't give up. Motherhood maternity is a force of nature.  I bought baby food for sick elderly cat and I got that stuff for years. I only bought about six jars total, but I got diaper and formula coupons for about two years. It's creepy.  Yeah, The Knot gave out my info and I ended up receiving two full size cans of powdered formula in the mail as a promotion. I passed it on to a coworker who had recently revealed her pregnancy and called it a day. That stuff's expensive. Yup that’s it. 100%. You’re on wedding planning websites, etc. just basic marketing Oh, so it's not just me? I got mailings from Motherhood Maternity until the baby was well into elementary school. We even moved, and they followed me. That’s what I thought of. Or if they are having a long engagement. If the OP signed up for their wedding registry or on wedding websites their info may have been sold.  It makes sense if you have been giving your information out to vendors or signing up for wedding stuff. All it takes is one place to sell your contact information. Honestly it makes more sense than someone doing it to you purposefully and maliciously.  Are you married? Roughly 1-3 years ago? I’m not married, but my fiancé and I are planning our wedding. Maybe that’s it? I wasn’t really concerned about it until my parents suggested that someone might have taken my information. Did you recently (within the last year) get married? I’ve seen on wedding boards people mentioning they’ve received similar things during wedding planning or after their wedding.  Yeah, I ordered a baby shower gift from Babies R Us and a few months later some formula and a shitload of formula coupons showed up at my door. Ended up giving it to the food bank but I was really confused at first. I have a 1 year old and was a new mom a year ago. Those new mom mailing lists are relentless. One store in particular is responsible for the majority of them. If a person ever purchases anything at Motherhood Maternity, they will be on mom mailers until the second coming. No particular advice, just to say that I know your pain. It would be a particularly cruel and dumb prank, if anyone comes to mind who may have wanted to prank you.  Amazon is a bad example though they try to sell me things I literally just bought.  Still gets triggered by baby shower gifts. Amazon is trying to sign me up for Amazon Mom hardcore. I get it, my peers are all having babies (thus the purchases) but I don’t want your diaper deliveries, Alexa! It is very strange Calling the senders might work. I’ll give that a try. My parents have been donating the samples to their local women’s shelter, so I’m sure they’re appreciated, I just wish I knew why they were sent to me in the first place.  That's from years ago. Nowadays, marketing is like a hundred times more precise.  They have some super creepy direct marketing algorithms now, Any chance you were buying baby shower gifts? Not sure then. Maybe label it return to sender, and hope they get you off the list. Or maybe see if there is an 1-800 you can call. For the samples you received and don't need, I'm sure any women's shelter would be happy to have them Definitely not the parents, they’re as confused as I am. I thought of the name thing since my name isn’t super uncommon, but I’m not sure why it would be sent to my former address.  Seems like you got signed up for new parent emails/coupons. I wonder if your parents did it, to drop a hint on grandchildren? If not, you might have the same name as a new parent You should contact the sender and ask them what's up. 