 Hello Legal Advice, I am using a throwaway account. I just found out that my sister was caught with a schedule 1 drug coming from Canada to Montana. She is 21 years old. No prior convictions or charges in the US or Canada. As we live in Canada, I thought it might be helpful to ask for some advice here. She is in jail at the moment in Cut Bank, Montana. My parents are trying to get her calling privileges. What would be some of the first steps here? What could she be looking at in jail time? Will she have to serve her sentence in the US if she does get sentenced? Sorry for not having much information at the moment. I just found out this morning and my parents are having a hard time contacting and getting information.  There is plenty of drug activity in Montana and a lot of border crossing. So even though it is a lightly populated state, she should be able to find an experienced attorney if they are state charges. One of the state Supreme Court Justices implemented an alternative drug court in Yellowstone County, so from that point of view a long sentence is unlikely. See if there is a drug court in the jurisdiction where she is charged. (NAL but follow policy issues regarding alternative courts). If it's federal, I'd be more worried.  Since no one else has covered this angle, if she is convicted and given prison time, there is a treaty that allows Canadian citizens to apply to serve their US sentence in Canada (this is what Omar Khadr did). This could be a federal case as well if she was caught at the border. I'd say not only does she need a lawyer who practices Montana criminal law, she'd be best served finding one who also practices federal criminal law. 1. Where? Public Defense varies from town to town. 2. If this went south she could face years 3. Get in contact with her and a lawyer, that's really the best thing you could do now. 4. Get a private lawyer that specializes in the charges she got if you can. The use of those phrases in the charging title actually suggests that she's being charged under Montana law, rather than Federal law. The Montana drug possession law is [MCA 45-9-102](), "Criminal Possession of Dangerous Drugs", and typically state law will be used for paraphernalia possession, while Federal law only involves interstate trafficking of paraphernalia. The distinction between State and Federal law is important, because Federal criminal defense is a narrower specialty. You'll need to know when you call attorneys on Wednesday. In general, all accused persons have the "right to remain silent" and the "right to counsel". The fact that your sister is a Canadian citizen does not change her rights in this regard. She must both assert and maintain these rights. That means telling police "I will not answer any questions" and "I want to speak with an attorney". When she says both of these things, unambiguously, they should stop asking her questions. Even if they don't, she needs to continue to refuse to answer; frightened people often say incriminating things even after asserting their right to remain silent, which defeats the point. Just found out what the actual charges are. 2 Felony charges for dangerous drug offenses and one for drug paraphernalia.  [removed] She needs a lawyer in Montana. That is the most useful thing your family can do. Unfortunately, you probably won't have much luck doing it before Wednesday.  What drug, and how much of it ? I ask because marijuana is a "Schedule I" drug in the USA but the practical penalties for possession of small amounts are far lower. Do you know if she was apprehended by the Customs agents at a border crossing, or on the Blackfeet reservation, or elsewhere in Montana ? If she was caught by Federal agents at the border, then she'll be charged with Federal crimes for trafficking. The fact that she's in the Glacier County jail in Cut Bank doesn't necessarily mean she was caught by a local police agency; she may be held there before appearing at the US District Court in Great Falls. The only advice you should give her is "decline to answer any questions". Then help hire an attorney to represent her. If she's being charged by the US Government and not the Montana state government, she needs a criminal defense attorney who practices in the Federal courts. There are certainly Federal drug defense attorneys in Western Montana because of border trafficking and the number of people caught with drugs in the National Parks. The best case is that she's given a probation sentence and deported. The worst case is a Federal prison sentence served in the USA before deportation to Canada. You need to get her a lawyer. Do you have a sense of how much drugs and what kind? Obviously the likely consequences will vary a lot between a situation where she had a joint on her (probably not jail) and a situation where she had a trunk full of heroin (almost certainly significant jail time). It would depend on the amount of narcotics she had. She attempted to smuggle drugs over an international border, she's looking at some serious charges. Depending on Montana state law she's probably looking at a few felonies. Get a lawyer who practices in Montana law. 