 I live with 5 people in MA, we are all on the lease, and it goes until the end of May. After an argument, the 4 of us are worried that X may simply move out and not continue paying the rent. Our hope is that if this did happen, we could talk to our landlord and have him just use his security deposit as rent money and then find somebody to move in for the last several months of the lease. Is there any legal stuff I should know for navigating this situation Yea definetly didn't mean to make it look like we would not pay our rent lol. Definitely going to make sure it gets payed in full no matter what You would be better off splitting the extra rent among the four of you until you can find a 5th roommate (so your landlord doesn’t file an eviction case against all of you for nonpayment of rent) and then going to small claims court to try and collect those rent payments from the one who moves out. Makes sense But what if you vacate and there is substantial damage to the apartment? The security deposit is for a specific purpose. A prudent landlord leaves it for that purpose. And frankly, evicts you if you can't pay the rent.  It is joint and several. The lease seems to say that is up to the landlords discretion if they would go after X or not. The reason I brought up the security deposit is because it is the value of one month's rent so if we have to cover X for a month maybe we could just get their security deposit. Seems simpler than having to sue. If you're on a lease with joint and several liability, you and your other roommates are obligated to pay your roommate's share of the rent. Your remedy would be to pay the rent and sue your roommate for their share. Your landlord certainly could, but doesn't have to (and generally probably shouldn't) apply the security deposit to the rent.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.