 About two and a half months ago the wheels on my car were stolen. The passenger window was smashed, the wheel locks were stolen out of my car, and the car was left on rocks, causing damage to the underbody. I got the car towed to the auto body shop that the policeman recommended as I'm new in town and didn't have any other recommendations to go off of. A friend of mine was willing to sell me aftermarket wheels and tires with only a few thousand miles on them for relatively cheap. As I didn't want to get my wheels stolen again (Honda wheels are the most stolen wheels in my neighborhood, according to the policeman), I asked the auto body shop if I could use them. The owner and I verbally agreed that I could use my friends aftermarket wheels and tires and that he (the owner) would pay me the amount he would receive from the insurance company for new stock wheels. After I received the estimate of record from the insurance company that outlined all the costs of the repair, I noticed that the insurance was going to pay for a brand new exhaust. I called the owner of the shop and asked if they thought it was necessary to replace the exhaust. The owner stated that the only damage to the exhaust was a few cosmetic scratches and that it was fully functional. We came to a verbal agreement that he would not replace the exhaust and again would pay me the amount the insurance company was to pay for a new exhaust. To summarize up to this point, the agreement with the owner was he would repair my car, except for the exhaust, and use the wheels and tires I provided. The auto body shop will get paid by the insurance company for the total repair including the cost of the new exhaust, wheels, and tires. The auto body shop will then pay me what they received from the insurance company for those new parts. Side note: Before making any decisions I tried to do a thorough job researching the legality of all this. From what I can tell it is all legal and should be fine by the insurance company. I'm essentially taking capital out of my car and putting it into my pocket. The auto body shop is now only willing to give me a $1000 less than the cost of the exhaust, wheels, and tires paid to them by the insurance. I got into an argument with the owner and he threatened to withhold even more of the payment. He is claiming the insurance company paid for a labor rate that is half of what he usually charges, and needs to make that up. To my understanding, the auto body shop and the insurance company sign a contract binding what the shop can charge for the labor rate, so that should be non-negotiable. I'm considering taking him to small claims court. Is there anything I should be wary of? My worst fear is to take this to court, have the whole thing turn on my head, and find out what I did is either illegal or not okay by the insurance company. Also, all agreements were made verbally, a mistake I've learned to never make again. TL;DR - I got my tires stolen. Made a deal with the auto body shop that I would provide parts and he would not fully repair my car so that I could keep some of the claim money. Now he won't give me the full amount of money we agreed to. This is illegal. Whatever research did you did was faulty. In no way would a legitimate business or person would say this is legal. Imagine telling the courts that you agreed to receive money from the shop, for allowing them to not do work they agreed to do and you agreed was done. Judge Judy would laugh you out of court. You basically got shorted by your drug dealer and you deserve what you get. Next time, keep it legal and there won’t be this issue.  It was cosmetically damaged. As the car was less than 30 months old, the insurance company is obliged to replace it with a new one. I'm fine with driving with a scratched exhaust. Why is the insurance company paying for an exhaust if you don't need it? Isn't this insurance fraud?.. Paying for stuff you don't need and taking the cash...