 Almost 6 years ago I had a seizure that caused a TBI and I had to have emergency brain surgery to save my life. The ambulance company was completely negligent and treated me terribly. They said I just had a migraine and made me walk down the stairs to get to the ambulance instead of them carrying me even though I was in so much pain I couldn't stop throwing up. They didnt turn the lights on to take me to the hospital and when I got my CT scan I had less than an hour to live. I'm now physically disabled(looking for lawyer to file disability finally) as I cannot walk properly anymore. I have severe nerve damage throughout my body and extreme worsening mental health. Is there a statute of limitations on a lawsuit for this? When it first happened, I was set on suing them but I had so much healing to do that I never got around to it. Now I'm unable to work as my symptoms continue to worsen. I live in Nashville, TN which is also where this took place. Thanks for your help amd sorry if I have trouble because I just started actually using reddit. Thank you for your reply. I am in the US and my quality of life has diminished. I'm so sorry you're going through something similar. People just dont understand until it happens to them. Personally I dropped my tbi case as it was too complicated to endure and I had problems before the accident so it would have been a mess. I did meet a lawyer to make this choice though so that’s the first step is calling a lawyers office and not paying but talking about their fees in advance If you’re in the USA I’d sue. I’m in Canada and even if I won it’d be peanuts I know down there they award millions. I am also in pain and just trying to make it through each day. I hope you find a lawyer and they get you more than enough money  I’m sorry you were treated poorly but like I said, at least around me lights sirens transport is an extreme rarity. Especially over the past 5ish years. I appreciate your advice. I've been in an ambulance 6 times and that's the only time they've never put on the lights. The reason this was so important was that they needed to do surgery immediately. I've been trying to work for years but now I cant walk anymore and just the way they treated me was disgusting. I've had multiple health problems all my life so I have high respect for all medical staff but I've never been treated that bad. IANAL, but I am an EMT. I fail to see how walking would have worsened a neuro issue. If anything it probably got you out to the ambulance faster than if they had to setup to extricate you another way because those tools aren't exactly fast. I'm not from TN but in every state I've worked lights and sirens transport is heavily discouraged. It doesn't save much time and there's not much that can't be managed in the back of the ambulance. So, even if you were within the statute of limitations, I fail to see you having any kind of case. Unfortunately, the statute of limitations has long passed. In TN, you must file a lawsuit for medical malpractice within 1 year of when it was discovered (and only up to 3 years after the incident occurred). Malpractice of any kind is very fact specific and it is unfortunately beyond the scope of this subreddit. If this is a medical question, it is highly recommended to speak with a medical malpractice attorney; your state's bar may be able to refer you to one. They typically work on contingency, meaning there is little up front cost to you. Similarly, consultations are typically free. It wouldn't hurt to meet with one, have them look over your info, and go from there. If this is a question about legal malpractice, you should seek the advice of a second unrelated attorney and/or report the matter to your state bar association" I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.