 I was recently involved in a car accident in GA, USA. I was driving straight, a car turned left in front of me, and I t-boned them. At the scene, I got checked out by an EMT and the other driver did not. Both of our cars are totaled. According to the police report, I said that I had a green light, and he said that he had a green arrow. He got a ticket at the scene for failing to yield to the right of traffic. I filed a claim with my insurance company, and then with the other. He filed a claim with his, but not mine. Both insurance companies have really dropped the ball on this claim in my opinion, but I eventually found out (exactly 3 weeks since the accident) that since he says he was not at fault, they decided to listen to him. I was afraid of this, but a little surprised because my insurance company assured me that this wasn't really he-said-she-said, more like he said vs. she and the police said. My insurance only covers the other car if I was at fault for an accident, or my car if I was hit by an uninsured driver. My insurance cannot help me anymore, since the other driver was insured. Do I need to get a lawyer? What would a lawyer be able to do for me in this case? A lot of people are telling me I need one, but I really don't know how to proceed. Thank you for your help! You'd be owed the value of your car, since it's totaled. Luckily for you, the small claims limit in GA is $15K, so you're well under that limit. You can take the other guy to small claims to get the value of your vehicle. I'm not sure about the other car, but my insurance company appraised my car at $6028 and the damages were somewhere in the $9000s (I didn't think to write the exact number) based on just looking at the car, and said they might go up if it were actually taken into a shop. How much are the damages? Because that will change whether this is a small claims case or not. Yes, it was denied. They have the police report (because a family member of mine emailed it to them, so we know) and it has on the report that he was given a citation. At this point, that's all the "evidence" we have, but we're working on getting the witness's information and maybe even footage if there was a camera in the traffic light. I've been having a hard time getting in touch with the police, but there was a witness who pulled over (info not on the report, of course) whose contact information I'm trying to get. Also, I'm hoping there will be a red light camera, but I'm not sure. If there was no camera and I can't get the witness's information, is it more or less a lost cause? So has the claim you made with his insurance been denied? Were they presented all the evidence (police report, etc) that he was at fault for the accident? Your remedy here would be to sue the other driver for your losses. In that litigation you would need to establish the liability of the other party to a preponderance of the evidence. Frankly it isn't clear you have evidence to support that. The police report says you both reported having a green light. You would need some sort of evidence or argument that persuades the judge or jury that what you're saying is true and what the other party is saying is not true. That could be the testimony of a witness, video of the accident if it were somehow available, or something else. 