 I work at a quick casual restaurant. Just a part time job while I’m In school. I have been working there for about three weeks now. I was 17. now over the weekend I’ve turned 18. When I first started my GM would touch me on my shoulder or back sometimes when he would tell me to do something. I always received some sort of disrespect or belittlement from him at work. At first I didn’t keep track of when it’d occur. It started occurring frequently enough and getting so aggressive that I started keeping track. The first one I Documented was him smacking me twice on my shoulder blade. The second time I documented was when he reprimanded me for taking an order when he wanted me at a different station, which was occupied. He put his arm around my waist, grabbing my side and pushed me towards the station he wanted me at. At which point I turned around, looked him in his eyes and said, “please don’t touch me.” He then sent me out of the store. I contacted corporate, leaving a summary of the incidents, who forwarded my message to the owner of the store. A day goes by and I get a call from the owner telling me that I’m off of the schedule and that I need to give him detailed accounts of what happened when. He also promised to get me on another stores schedule in a few days. Over a week has gone by and I’ve gotten no response about the reports I sent to him, and he told me I do not have a new schedule.  No, it's not.  [deleted] At this point we're just going around in circles here. OP will have a very hard time proving that the slap on the back was with enough force to cause injury or pain based on what I said in my last comment. OP can file a police report yes, but I would be very surprised if anything comes of it. And yes, after filing OP has to prove that the slap on the back was with enough force to cause injury or pain especially if it even went to trail, which would also be very surprising. I suggest you read the statute again, because "cause injury" and "cause pain" are separate. He didn't have to mean to cause injury, he just had to intend to inflict pain. The entire basis of your current position is based on you not understanding the statute. Neither. I didn’t include that in the quote because it really wouldn’t apply. A slap on the back with enough force to cause it attempt to cause injury would have to be with enough force that at the very least OPs back would have a bruise or at the very least be red, which they would hav documented. It would have also happened in a public place as their only contact is at their place of employment and OPs coworkers would have seen or heard it. In which case, OP would have most likely already filed a report and the context of the post would be far different. I still stick by my original statement that what happened is 100% not assault. OP can file a police report sure. Most likely what would happen is the manager would either hire a lawyer or be assigned one from corporate, they will point out what I said and the case would go no where.  Oh, so now you're arguing it's too hard to prove? I thought you were arguing that it wasn't assault. Or are you just realizing you're wrong and trying to backpedal away without admitting it? OP doesn't have to prove anything, she just has to make a police report. OP will have a very hard to trying to prove that he attempted to cause physical injury with the slap on the back of that is what you’re referring to. He will push that off as a pat on the back either to get OPs attention or as an atta boy pat.  The fact the he has to know that OP has an issue with it is why it isn’t assault. It even says in the statue that I quoted and you also quoted that he has to know that OP does not want physical contact of any kind.  First of all, what is your question? Second do not listen to those people who are saying this is assault. By Missouri laws it absolutely is not. The closest it would be is Assault 4: Cannot link to the Statue on Assault as the only government one I can find doesn't seem to work. But for reference: Missouri Revised Statute 565.056 - Assault 4  For the record, all of this is a crime. You can, and should, report these incidents to the police. It's assault. Can you call him up and find out what's going on? 