 Hello everyone. Thanks for taking the time to read this. This is in Oregon I have belonged to a gym for about 3 years now. They charge me 29.99 a month and it comes out off my debit card every month. Last night I called them up to finally cancel my membership since I haven’t been since April of 2017. They tell me I have an outstanding balance of 389.00 because my card expired in Nov of 2017 and they couldn’t continue my reoccurring payments. Instead of cancelling my service (I’m under a month to month contract and not a term based contract.) they just charge me in their system every month and tell me I owe them for back payments. Also, they won’t let me cancel my service until my balance is paid in full. They did try to email me and tell me that I needed to update my payment info. I had an old email account back then and have since changed it and didn’t think about it so I didn’t get their 3 emails (most recent one was April) saying i needed to update. Normally a service you are paying for is terminated as soon as you quit being able to pay for it. If I didn’t pay Comcast or my utilities they would just shut them off, they can’t keep charging me. Is this legal or can I contest that the charges aren’t authorized since I didn’t provide them with an updated payment method? I want to contest the charges. Any help would be appreciated. TLDR; gym wants to charge me for my membership even though my card on file expired and I wasn’t attending. It’s been over a year and they want to back charge the whole time. Is this legal? You are legally required to pay regardless of your card or usage until your contract is cancelled. Here's the thing.... You signed a month to month contract, and never canceled it. You presumably had the benefits of gym membership, but never used it. Gyms are notorious for this kind of thing... But the reality is that this one is on you. I don't think you'd have any luck contesting the charges. Unless stated otherwise in a contract, a service has no obligation to cancel services for nonpayment. You can try, but that's a losing argument. The charges are authorized. You simply didn't pay them.  Your contract that you signed when you first signed up for the gym should outline a very specific cancellation procedure. Did you follow this exact procedure? Many times it involves sending a letter to a corporate office or something like that, above and beyond just picking up the phone and saying, "Cancel my membership." Removing the method of payment (or allowing the method of payment to expire) generally does not cancel your membership for you, nor does it remove your liability to pay for what you agreed to pay for. Whether or not you actually went to the gym is largely irrelevant. You pay for access to the gym, which you had -- voluntarily not taking advantage of that access has nothing to do with your membership or the charges. In a nutshell, your situation and potential avenues of recourse are going to come down to what you signed and agreed to. It's legal and you owe it. 