 Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Requesting Outside Contact Requesting or offering private messages or chats is against the rules of this subreddit. Please review the following rule before commenting further [General Rule 1]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Locked because OP just wants to argue about how to keep money that clearly does not belong to him/her.  Apparently you really don’t know much about civil courts. They could take you through tort for theft, given that you intended to take property (Money) you knew was not yours with no intention to return it to its owner. They could go for a suit in equity even. Basically just about anything will get this in front of a judge and your hearing will be over in an hour. It’s like if your bank gives you money in error. It’s theft of you realise and start spending it and people have been sued and gotten decade long prison sentences in the past for doing so. Under what cause of action would I be civilly liable according to your lawyer boyfriend? That’s the question no one seems to actually be able to answer here..... Your legal obligations are to cash just one check. If you cash both you’ll be liable civilly, but probably not criminally at least. I asked my boyfriend this who IAL and he laughed, asks if you could give him the details of the company in question as he wouldn’t mind taking a slam dunk case.  You have yet to explain how “legally it’s wrong.” I’m not a troll, I’m looking for advice, but you appear to have no legal advice to give unfortunately. Fraud? Hah. I’m not deceiving anyone. If they reached out to me and I lied then yeah that’s fraud.. but fraud? I received something made out to my name to my address. Sorry that’s not even close to what fraud constitutes.  Yes, legally it’s wrong. Evidently, it wasn’t clear to you. Everyone here is telling you the same thing. You are a troll. I hope you cash both checks and they sue you for the extra money you plan to fraudulently take, with interest.  Haha You’re done, well that’s good because you haven’t provided any legal advice.  Just because it's fraud doesn't mean you couldn't be sued and lose. But I'm done with you. You're just looking for justification on something you know is wrong that you're going to do anyway. You're not actually looking for advice. I’m asking for legal advice and you’re giving me moral advice. Obviously taking something that isn’t yours has different levels of moral wrongness. There’s no theft if there is a claim of right btw. Actually IT IS the same. Theft is theft. Just because it’s from a huge corporation, that doesn’t make it ok. Stealing a car from a car lot is ok, but taking one off the street isn’t? Your logic is flawed. You are asking for legal advice and expecting us to tell you it’s ok to steal? Yeah sorry if you’re one of those people that think that corporations are just like people, but no, it’s obviously not morally the same to take money from a billion dollar corporation and from a person.  Don’t necessarily?? Haha you are just trying to convince yourself. So what if your landlord needed the money more than you, it’s ok then?? He can cash both checks then? It’s wrong. You don’t have claim to ANYMORE money than agreed to. Hands down. If you are unsure what the dispensation is supposed to be, then contact them. Chances are if they find out they have sent out the wrong amount, they would cancel the other check.  A quick look at the common law definition of unjust enrichment and prevailing case law show that not to be the proper cause of action either. Wiki states “Examples of 'unjust factors' that ground a claim for restitution include: mistakes of fact or law; total failure of consideration, duress, undue influence, and the Woolwich grounds..” none of that is applicable here I don’t necessarily think it’s morally wrong. It’s a mistake, people learn from mistakes. That’s a benefit to them. Morally speaking I also could use the money more than them. Also I believe I may have a claim of right because I did ask for compensation regarding my bad experience, and so this may be the compensation I requested.  So if your landlord got 2 rent checks from you by accident, you would only want him to cash 1, right? Most companies may not come back to you for the 2nd check but morally it’s wrong. You know this and if you want to cash the other one go ahead, wait and see if you get caught. That’s not the way I would choose to go about it.  The FTC rule is about unordered merchandise showing up out of the blue and doesn't apply here. This was a clerical/accounting error. You aren't entitled to more refund than you're owed and if they sued they would win because you got more money than you were supposed to and refused to return it. Go ahead and do it if you want but there's no legal justification. I’m just trying to ascertain what would be fraudulent about cashing two checks made out to me? How could they make a mistake and then send a debt to collections? I was never in debt to them.. FTC states that when extra products come to your door you can keep them. And how would I go into debt to them by cashing a check they sent to me, that was made out to me? Also, if it is their mistake and they never put a stop check on it, how does it become my responsibility to fix it legally? I don’t think it ever does.  The legal answer is you're owed whatever refund you're owed. It would not be a defense if they sent you to collections or sued you over a double refund. Would they? Who knows. But "they send two checks" wouldn't get you out of owing the money. If you paid a bill and then you or your spouse accidentally paid the same bill again would you expect a refund? Of course you would. This is no different. If the correct amount is in one check, then only cash one. Shred and trash the other. Checks expire after a certain amount of time anyways. For something fraudulent to happen you would have to knowingly cash both checks.  Come after me for what though- what would be the cause of action? They wrote two checks out directly to me. It appears to be a clear case of mistake on their part. I certainly know the moral answer, I’m just wondering about the legal answer  You're entitled to the refund you're entitled to. They could come after you if you cash both checks.