 My friend, from Minnesota, has an ex-husband who refuses to transfer his car insurance to his own name and his own bank account. The insurance company will not let my friend discontinue paying for her ex's insurance until there is proof the cars will be insured. What options does she have? The money for past payments is not a huge goal, but she does want to not bear this burden anymore. Apologies if this has been asked and answered in previous post. We appreciate any help. The agent is wrong, people stop paying for car insurance all the time. What will happen is that if no proof of continued coverage is provided, the insurance company will contact the DMV to let them know the car is uninsured. If the ex doesn't put insurance back on the car fairly quickly then he faces consequences like higher insurance rates, suspended DL, high fines and/or jail time if caught driving without insurance, etc. Related question; can any consumer insurance company demand to receive proof that you have purchased somewhere else before they allow you to cancel a policy? That seems a little backwards. Like McDonald’s making you prove you ordered a pizza if you change your mind at the register or something idk.  I'm thinking this may be the insurance company's method to take advantage of my friend and not lose the business. We are going to call together tomorrow and make it clear she is not on the titles off the cars nor associated with any financing. Will update you on their response. Again, appreciate the responses and help. That's nice for them. There's no reason for her to continue to pay insurance on a car she does not own. Stop paying. Did she point out to the insurance company that it is not her car? As in she does not own it? Is the car fiananced and is she on the finance agreement anywhere? Or is the title maybe in both of their names/ The ex owns the vehicles and they are in his name. Her agent told her that they cannot stop the policy until there is proof of continued insurance.  Who owns the car? If your friend's name is on the title, she needs to make sure the vehicle remains insured no matter what. If she's not on the title, stop paying. 