 im pretty sure this is credit card fraud so this is what happened: when me and this girl used to be together, i gave her my credit card info so she could call her a lyft. fast forward a couple months, and we have a pretty ugly breakup. i thought i was done with her but it seems that she saved that credit card info, made a new lyft account, then proceeded to still use my card as to pay for her rides!!!! what the hell! is there a way for me to just block those payments? do i take legal action? what steps should i take this to resolve this? go to the bank? the police? i really need help guys, please. Call the credit card company and explain what happened. You can challenge the charges. Problem is you have your ex the card, so if you did not revoke it the company may not see it as fraud. Also, change the card and make it clear your ex is no longer allowed to use it when you talk to the company. You can sue your ex for the amount of the credit card company won’t reverse the charges. In the future, do not put anyone on your credit card. Once you do, they can use it and your only recourse is a lawsuit.  Well you dont really have the proof that you DIDNT allow her to use it.  so thats how the law works? damn not much, around $60. still piseed the hell off about it You likely do have a good chance at getting your money back, it’s just not a criminal matter because you gave her the card at one point with the intent of using it for lyft. How much has she spent without your permission? You gave her the permission to use it mate thanks i appreciate your help,i will do that now. hm i see, so just cancel it right now and get a new one? she most likely wont pay me back, we're on bad terms and most likely lives in another city right now, her location is unknown. isnt this theft? shes stealing money from me without my permission though, i thought that would give me legal leverage. If you gave her permission and never revoked it, it's unlikely anyone will consider this fraudulent. It's more likely this is an error. Your best bet is to cancel the card and move on. You can reach out to her for repayment of those charges, and if she doesn't, you could conceivably sue her. thats all i can do? just get a new credit card?  Cancel your card. You can certainly ask her for the money back and file in small claims if she does not give it back. Because you gave her permission this is likely a civil matter.  Cancel your credit card. Yesterday.