 We tell our employees they need to take a 30 minute break daily for lunch. They're working unsupervised at remote job sites driving company vehicles. I'm also doing the same all day and can't babysit them. When they fail to take a lunch break it does not inconvenience me, but I want to avoid any compliance situation. We discussed writing them up each pay day, but this would strongly counter our company morale efforts. We also thought about simply adding a reminder to take lunch on each stub. We also discussed having a missed lunch form where on pay day they have to fill in why they didn't take lunch for each date and sign. Bottom line, they're grown ups, I'm not their mom, I'm also not denying them their lunch breaks. I want to know the least impactful thing I can do to make sure I'm not held responsible if it were looked into for any reason.  [Got this from Indiana Department of Labor](): Indiana state law does not generally require employers to provide rest breaks, meal breaks, or breaks for other purposes to adult employees. If they don't want to take a lunch and keep working, let them. If they take the 30 then they should be reporting that on their time card. If they don't and steal time, fire them. I think it's good that you offer for them to take lunch. Maybe you're a really nice guy and even have paid lunches but you don't have to do anything according to the law. Sorry, California law. According Indiana law, lunch break does not need to be provided(unless your a minor) but if less than twenty minutes it must be paid.  Must they? According to what law? We use in touch GPS. I can't sit around and actively monitor them I'm driving one of the trucks myself. usually this pops up on payday when we say you didn't clock out for lunch on these 4 days and they say oh I didn't eat lunch.  No honestly I don't care what decisions they make as long as they don't get me in trouble, they can clock out and take a break whenever they feel like and they know that. I'm really laid-back and I try not to boss them around I thought I was required to make them eat lunch or else I'm in trouble but other people have corrected me on that. There seems to be a lot of conflicting information.  Are you worried that the issue is there’s a culture of not taking a lunch break? So everyone is working during the lunch hours and needs each other so no one feels like they can take a break? That’s the only way I can think you’d have to be worried about them skipping breaks you grant them. If that’s the case, you may need to make the break mandatory whether they’re eating lunch or not.  My boss used to email us a monthly reminder to take our breaks. We were similar to your employees, we frequently skipped lunch for various reasons. I asked him one day if we legally needed to 'punch out', he said 'no, he's just covering his butt if someone ever implied he was preventing employees from breaks'  I mean you might not be able to sit with them, but you didn't specify how remote they were, and you did say you were also working but that doesn't mean you can't make an exception. I don't know your work. But the point is just take these ideas and hopefully they help you towards a solution. The bell thing can help even if nobody is in the same building. Just make it not a physical bell. Maybe a text reminder. I feel like you didn't read my post at all. Thanks anyway. I would check the employer handbook the other person referenced, not just to find out if you need to pay them or not, but also: One: To see if you can give it to them at the end of the day (So they can "clock out" a half hour early and work 7.5hr straight, thereby leaving early) Two: To see if it's enough just to allow them to take lunch breaks (this is the case in New York. As long as the employer allows employees to take off for a specified amount of time, no law enforcement is going to care if you let them keep working \[although a lot of large chains will often force employees to take a break. For example, I was working at chipotle and they let us keep working as long as we clocked out and then back in for lunch, even if it was just for a minute or two\]) I would recommend just finding new ways to make them take a lunch break. Here's some of my ideas for you: \-- Have a few days every week, at lunch time, that you buy them some food in a lunch-designated spot of the workplace. Eat with them, and (if they really do want to work more), talk to them about the direction the company is heading, ways to work better/easier, and then talk to them about ways they think the company can be run better. Even if you decide to ignore all of it, or can't do any of it, they will appreciate it and still feel like work is being done. {{Edit: Some food is a lot cheaper than you think to buy for a bunch of employees. Starbucks to-go coffee-filled boxes are $10 I think, dunkin donuts (or really any major donut chain) is cheap, bagels are pretty cheap. Find out if a pizza place near you does $1 slices and buy a few pizza pies. If you're really desperate just have a potluck and your employees will feed each other and bond and all sorts of positive crap. Yeehaw}} \-- Have a bell or something that signifies the beginning of lunch. It doesn't seem like much, but it replaces you having to tell them every day (because eventually that becomes rude). Maybe you have a favorite song (like Mr Blue Sky). You can posit it like this: Every day at noon, we all stop for a few minutes to enjoy some music. Employees can vote on next week's song during lunch (or whatever). And then they get used to taking a break, even if only for a few minutes. If they already listen to music, then maybe don't change the song so frequently. Like how they do at DJ'd parties. \-- Give "other work" they can only do at lunchtime (said work must be optional, obviously). For example, at noon to noon:30 you can get lunch, but we will also be having a small informal meeting to do \[\[Enter random activity you read about online here\]\]. You can even have it so that employees just give you progress reports and updates for the rest of the day. Good luck! Edit:added food Employees don’t have to take lunch, but they must be given the opportunity.  That's probably happened too. I'm not really mad about it unless it becomes habitual or malicious. I'm sure they grab drive through and eat in their truck also. Are they eating lunch, and just not punching out for it? Ok thanks for this, so basically no action is required by me. I don't even have to require them to take lunch, I can just let them know I recommend it. Again, morale. Of course we have... Various reasons; didn't feel like it, wasn't hungry, wanted to get finished up and get home quicker, forgot about it. Etc. Per the Indiana State Employer Handbook: Indiana does not have any laws requiring an employer to provide a meal period or breaks to employees eighteen (18) years of age or older, thus the federal rule applies. The federal rule does not require an employer to provide either a meal (lunch) period or breaks. However, if an employer chooses to do so, breaks, usually of the type lasting less than twenty (20) minutes, must be paid. Meal or lunch periods (usually thirty (30) minutes or more) do not need to be paid, so long as the employee is free to do as they wish during the meal or lunch period. Yeah we have a massive labor shortage in our industry, we're neck deep in retention and recruitment measures. Writing people up often sends them shopping, and there is plenty of ads for them.. Have you asked your employees why they aren't taking their lunch breaks? Write them up when they don't take lunch. After 2nd time for them. Should fix it pretty quickly