 When I moved in to my apartment in September, everything seemed good. It's a house converted apartment building, and the girl next to me is a student like myself, the lady downstairs has two kids. Well, when I moved in the nice conservative lady downstairs with two kids has a bf or husband.. not sure but he is really creepy (and ghetto looking, gangster). Anyway as I was moving in he was sitting in the porch area just staring at me weirdly. sometimes he just loiters out front and I've caught him peering through the window at me from a distance. Neither of them work full time. The mom is always home and the guy is always coming and going random times throughout the day. Neither of them have a 9-5, and the apartment downstairs is nicer and bigger than the top floor ones. I've heard them argue before, I couldn't make out the words but since it is an old house it's easy to hear anything. anyway, today in my mail I got two letters ( addressed to the guy) despite the fact there are 3 different mailboxes for each apartment but whatever. I left it aside. It was from the revenue office. On the envelope it said IMPORTANT FINAL NOTICE. Obviously I can't open it as it's illegal to do so but it seemed sketchy. Very bad vibes. Should I alert my landlord or keep gathering evidence? OP can't keep a civil tongue, so we're finished here. You can do whatever the hell you want to do, just know that you seem like the crazy one and not them.  'm not nosy . guessing OP is the weird one in this scenario Oh shit weird people? This changes everything. Open and shut case, Johnson  Guys guys it’s definitely not about race, he’s just a stupid gangbanger, you know the ghetto type, that obviously can’t afford to live in an apartment nicer than mine! /s  What is weird about them? Yeah you’re right, my bad. Well you seem like you’re healthy and have a handle on the situation so best of luck with everything you sound like a peach. who wouldn't want a neighbor like you? Is this a racial issue?!? You just sound like a bigoted, judgemental asshole that needs to mind your own business.  weird people coming and going and no I'm not nosy, I work and study and am rarely home. these are the incidents I noticed the times I was home and it's infringing on my ability to feel comfortable at my place. so ya, I have a right to be nosy now.  [removed] What evidence? You are giving them their miss-delivered mail... right? So you are tracking their comings and going’s? That seems ...weird and nosy. I think you are out of line unless there was an incident you didn’t relate. I forgot to mention weird people coming and going Right, I was gonna say, while I understand there is a true possibility, I think you’re jumping the gun. You don’t really have any evidence of anything. In fact, you sound kinda... Idk, a bit like stereotyping? They could work from home, or work night shift. Maybe someone is a stripper on the weekends. And obviously (I hope) you aren’t around 24/7 to see everything. You’re sounding suspicious of people you don’t really know. Even if they’re a bit suspicious, unless you actually see something, I don’t see what you could do. Idk, sounds like you gotta chill lol. They could be alright people. Maybe try getting to know them. If you want quiet you should get a single family home in the country. Otherwise hearing neighbors is just part of life. Put on some headphones. What do gang members look like? I'm confused as to where in this story you were led to believe that drugs were involved. Maybe you're leaving something out but you sound like a busybody and nothing good is going to come from prying into these people's private lives if this is the whole story. can I file a complaint about noise maybe How did you make the leap to them being drug dealers? You’re not the police, there’s no evidence to collect, and you can’t keep other people’s mail to satisfy whatever busy body complex you have. Mind your business then they need to stop yelling when im trying to study.  You can contact the police. It is their job to investigate crimes, not yours. I've seen random sketchy people come and go he looks like a gang memeber Nothing you said indicated drugs. Mind your own business and leave them alone. Evidence of what? Nothing you've presented says anything other than that your neighbors are currently out of work and struggling. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.