 Little bit of backstory: I’m visiting my grandmother in her community. A few months ago, a guy living with his wife and kids did something highly illegal (I’m not sure what exactly). He somehow blamed it on her, and she was arrested. The cops realized that the man was truly responsible, and arrested him and let his wife go. A few weeks later, he broke out of jail and walked into the community bloody and bruised. The community quickly called the police and they picked him up, and then dropped him off at the station and said he was free to go. WHAT? The both the community and his wife got restraining orders out on him, and a few people were sent pictures of the papers Incase something happened. He consistently comes back and breaks into her house, but the cops say that they won’t do anything because it’s his house. This has been going on for 2 months, but he eventually leaves. A week ago, he knocked on the door and forced himself in. Almost EVERYONE called the police, and they just told us that it was fine and never did anything. One of the Community Board Members drove down to the station and showed them the pictures of the restraining order, which they said wasn’t valid anymore (it expires on January 1, 2019). Today, everyone was getting frantic calls from her, shouting to call the police. She was bleeding and badly hurt, but (after I assume the guy threatened her) she called the board and said that she had just fallen, which to anyone who had seen her would have been complete bullshit, and it is. Either way, the cops made no effort to come and I’m worried that she is in real danger. The restraining order should be enough but they just brush it aside. What can we do? The board is trying everything but the police do not care. TLDR: restraining order filed again send abusive man. He keeps coming back and the police refuse to do a thing. This is in Florida.  Then speak with the cheif of police. If the Cheif fails to act, call the state police or speak with the Mayor. Everyone, including her, does every throne and they ignore it. She needs to call 911 next time it happens. She should also go down and speak with the police Chief about the repeated occurances not being addressed.  She usually calls one person and then he police quickly after. Has she called the police when he arrives, or just her neighbors? If he is in violation of a court ordered restraining order, the police shouldn't be sitting on their hands.  Yes. She has gotten one successfully. Has the wife tried getting a restraining order against him?