 Up until a month ago, my husband and I were renting a house from my landlord (we live in Ohio). We just moved to our new house and gave notice and paid rent through January 6. A day after I gave notice, the landlord and his entire family let themselves into the rental property, before we’d moved out, and with no warning while we weren’t home. The landlord (let’s call him Pete) called me and yelled at me for the house being a mess, which granted it was, as half of our belongings were still there. That’s why we’d given a months notice and paid the next month to give us time to completely move. I reiterated that to Pete and he let it go, which he should because he had no business letting himself in without our consent to begin with. Cue crazy sister - we’ll call her Karen. Karen (lady in her mid-60’s) showed up at my NEW home a week letter and dropped a threatening letter at my door, claiming that we’d ruined the rental and stolen items from the home. (Side note - There were miscellaneous items left in the garage from her now deceased mother. Three times while we lived there I came home to Karen going through our garage and taking things. I confronted her once, nicely, and told her to call me if she wants to get things, but to not just show up.) So this letter says I owe Karen thousands of dollars for “stolen” items that I’ve never seen in my life. I texted Karen (I won’t call because I want a record) and said that I hadn’t stolen anything and that she should not step foot on my property again. Since then, I’ve been barraged with texts and voicemails calling me a terrible person, screenshots of inside the rental from my social media channels claiming items in the photos are hers, telling me I’m a “horrible fake Christian” because she saw my social media photos of me singing at church...just trying anything to get a reaction out of me. This lady is not on my lease contract and she has no ownership in the house we’d rented. I’ve told her to stop messaging me. I called Pete and asked him to tell her to stop messaging me (he agreed that he would). But what do I do if she keeps this up? We’re going on a month now of messages and harassment. I’m worried she’s so crazy she’ll show up at my house, work or church, since she’s texted me specifying the places I go. Should I call and make a police report? It sounds like getting a restraining order is a pain, but I need her to stay away from me and stop contacting me. Thanks for any and all advice!  Yes, start making police reports about harassment. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.