 My high school, in an effort to stop the use of vaporizers, has decided to make it a policy to keep the bathroom doors open at all times. By the way that the doors are set up, there are almost always clear views into the bathroom, and students have raised the issue that it could be an invasion of privacy, however, no one has found any definitive evidence as to if this is legal or not. At some angles, you can see into the restroom where you can see the sinks and the people using them, but you cannot see any urinals or toilets. Often times the smell of feces roam the hallways, and you can hear people during class that are in the bathrooms. I understand that this is the school's response to our crisis of vaping but it seems to make no difference because people still vape and smoke in the stalls where they aren't visible. Other issues that my school bathrooms have is the fact that some bathrooms are locked closed making a person go to the other side of the school just to go to the bathroom. There's one bathroom in particular that remains locked 24/7 for no obvious reason. Often times the bathrooms have no soap dispensers or soap in the dispenser. And some of the dispensers can be opened causing me to question whether or not the soap inside has been tampered with. All of these issues make me feel uncomfortable to use the restrooms in my own school. Are any of these issues breaking the law and is there anything I can to stop these problems? [deleted] It's wierd and obsessive. If it doesn't change anything maybe they will go back to closing the doors. If you want to protest just walk in the doorway and moon everyone. Probably not anything they could do about it Do you go to South high school? Because that was the same for my school only one was open on the 2nd and third floor for guys and fairly often the the top to were closed so you would have to go all the way down to the first floor. And than wait for a stall.  As far as I can tell schools are not required to have doors on the actual restrooms themselves by law. In my area none of the schools have doors to the student restrooms. The stalls have doors on them, of course. Schools are not required to put soap in the dispensers. From a legal standpoint the only thing that may be important is the number of available bathrooms per student.   There is no legal statute I'm aware of that requires soap to be dispensed. Why not [bring your own soap]() or hand sanitizer. So long as the people in the stalls or at the urinals are not visible from outside it's not illegal. Many public washrooms, in malls and airports especially, do not have doors. Looking the bathrooms to prevent access is, as someone already mentioned, only an issue if it means the number of available washrooms for the number of occupants does not meet building code requirements. You could Google the building code for your state and do the math if you're concerned. If you have a hygiene concern regarding the soap and/or smells from the washrooms you could file a complaint with the school as an first step. If it's a common concern a petition signed by the student body could also be a more influential option. How many bathrooms are there in total for those 2,200 students? There is sometimes a legal requirement to provide X bathrooms per Y students. The rest is unpleasant but likely legal. Your best bet would be to petition the school and/or school board. If you can show that the current policy is ineffective and suggest an alternate policy that would be more effective in counteracting the vaping crisis, that would be taken more seriously than a student complaint. As long as the toilets have stalls I can't imagine anything here being illegal. IANAL, but my high school did this aswell, it is unfortunate but there is no law that I know of saying they must close doors, infact school bathrooms are not even required to have doors in most states, just a corner or something. Edit for clarity In my elementary school \[CO\], the sinks were out in the common area. While this is not typical, I don't think the sinks are mandated to be private. This is very common in Europe, but their stalls are much more private than in the US. You could argue the soap issue as not being hygienic, but a bathroom being locked as long as there are enough bathrooms available per building code is not wrong (There may be maintenance issues etc.) You may reach out to your city / county building inspector and inquire what the actual policies may be, and if they are in violation of any building codes. They are usually the people in charge of making sure items like this are up to code, and would investigate complaints.