 1. I had a creditor calling who was making legal threats and even pretending to be a lawyer at one point (I have saved voice mails). I recently got a letter that he hired a lawyer in my state and there is now a small claim court case against me (which has no date) apparently. 2. What would you recommend for someone who is poor and can't afford a lawyer in this situation? I'm not saying I don't owe the money. I just have no way of paying it. (This is mostly due to getting sick June 2017 and still not recovering because I use the VA for healthcare and they take forever. I have ER records and medical proof that I've been extremely sick waiting a Gallbladder surgery.) The statutory award for violations of the FDCPA is $1000 per action (lawsuit). It is not per violation. It's a $1,000 fine per violation of the FDCPA, an attorney might be able to help you on contingency, best solution would be to have the debt dissolved in exchange for paying a fine for any FDCPA violation, if he thinks the recording is usable in court. You can defend yourself, not the best route, but a judge will certainly listen to you if insolvent. You can most likely pay the debt with a settlement in payments, if you want to go that route. A judge might be sympathetic to your situation and dismiss the lawsuit. Worst case, it's a $1200 judgment plus court costs.  Thank you for your reply. I just got a letter in the mail which I have until Jan 19 to respond to. It's from the State of NH circuit court small claims. My problem is that I can't hire an attorney because I'm broke, as many are now a days. Which was part of my question too. If anyone could lead me to sources of defending myself or finding some support. Also when they called they didn't leave a name. It was just they made it seem like they were lawyers and that I was going to go to jail if I didn't pay them in the voice mail and said if I didn't call them yada yada. It was pretty threatening and I'm glad I saved it. The date of last payment is important because it sets the statute of limitations as to when they can last sue you. You can appear in court on your own behalf and present the judge with your verified income and any disability/SSI payments and medical bills to prove inability to pay. Have you been served? Is there a definite court date or are they just telling you this? You can hire an attorney to represent you for FDCPA violations and possibly get the debt dismissed if they did violate the law. Pretending to be a lawyer is a big nope. []() 