 When my boyfriend was younger (about 10 years ago), he was in jail and his sons mother had another man adopt their child. It was in the mother’s divorce stipulation that if my bf came back into the picture, the (ex) husband would relinquish his rights. My bf got his shit together and started regular visits with his son. However, the ex husband never signed his rights back over to my bf. Son’s mother is now the judge jury with everything. We only get time allowed by her (4 hrs a week, 2 hrs per holiday) and have to do everything she says. She brings up court ALL the time and we would gladly go but are under the impression she has to initiate since bf has no legal rights to his son. We are in NY if that matters. Where do we start? Recommend the biological father consult with an attorney. Thank you.  Then he should talk to a lawyer to explore it. Just be prepared to get told that the proper actions were taken and there’s nothing that can be done - but it’s also possible they weren’t. He didn’t have anything like that, nor was he offered.  It’s a court appointed representative for someone who cannot represent themselves (like a child, or in his case, an incarcerated individual). To the best of my knowledge, he wasn’t given an option. What is a guardian ad litem?  Did he have the option and not take it, or was he not given the option? Did he have a lawyer? Did he ever respond to the court? edit: Did they tell him he may have an option for a guardian ad litem? The reality is that overturning an adoption is really really hard, but it's worth getting a consult with a family lawyer to see if he has a shot. Also, you should understand that it could get expensive. Boyfriend was in jail during the hearings and wasn’t transported to family court. So as a no show it was a no contest sort of deal.  She would, but I seriously doubt any judge is going to grant TPR. He chose to adopt your boyfriend's son. The court is likely going to see that as a "too bad" kind of deal and make him continue to have parental rights so that mom can enforce his support obligation. If your boyfriend had his rights terminated, you usually can't unring that bell, either. This situation is why they courts usually don't want to TPR biological parents in the first place. Did your boyfriend voluntarily relinquish his parental rights?  So she would have to go through the termination of rights with this father? He doesn’t see the child anymore, no monetary contribution either.   What? There's no take backs in adoption. That's permanent. The mother of your boyfriend's child can't dictate that. For all intents and purposes, her ex husband is now the father to your boyfriend's child. 