 I am a 19 year old male, and I was taking a road trip with my 20yo girlfriend from Nebraska to Florida to scope out apartments. On our way back to Nebraska, we broke down in Alabama and were stranded for a couple days at a hotel. After 2 days, my girlfriend's father flew to the Birmingham Airport, rented a car from Dollar Rental, and drove to pick us up. We ended up driving to a dealership nearby to get her a new car, so after that we drove back to the airport to drop off the rental. In doing so, I accidentally left my laptop (MacBook pro) and some cbd oil in the trunk of the rental, which was now returned. My girlfriend left a medium sized suitcase with some clothes and personal items. The problem is we didn't remember any of these items until we were about 3 hours away from Birmingham. I immediately tried to call the rental kiosk at the airport, and had no answer after about 20 calls. Then I called Dollar corporate, and they told me to fill out a lost and found report online, which I promptly did. It has now been 2 months since I have filed reports, talking to employees at Dollar, and reaching dead ends every time. Nobody at the Birmingham Airport will answer the phone, nobody at corporate seems to want to do anything. I have also reached out to Apple to see if they can track my laptop, but they are unable to help me. Does anyone here have any advice? If you can get your dad's homeowner's or auto insurance company involved, you might have a better resolution. If an insurance investigator contacts the rental company officially, there's a chance they'll be more cooperative. Somewhere, yes. My dad is currently trying to find it.  Do you have the receipt and the serial number for the MacBook Pro? You may be able to track it down and prove ownership, especially if someone tries to sell it.  I used to work for a rental car company call center many years ago. People would make all sorts of claims about losing expensive items like cameras, laptops, wads of cash, jewelry, etc. We had an entire script just for people who we thought were lying about it hoping to get something for free. Realistically, if you can't prove you left these items in the car you should consider them gone. The rental car company had no legal duty to care for your items. I'm pretty sure there was a clause in the rental car contract you signed that stated "Not responsible for items left in cars." This is a really hard way to learn a lesson and a big pill to swallow but IMO the items are gone. The cars pass through so many hands after being returned that it would be impossible for them to track down whoever found/snagged these items so they make it super clear to you that they are not responsible.