 Thanks in advance to anyone that can lend their informed opinions. To begin, I am in South Georgia, United States. I am a mechanic for a local trucking company. I manage the department, take calls, schedule customers, order parts, and do the work on customer's vehicles. I am also the only mechanic in the automotive department, so I just manage me, really. I was hired two years ago at $10/hr to sweep the floors and change oil. Through a series of promotions and added responsibilities I became manager after the last guy left. When that happened I was making $15/hr and had the whole thing riding on my shoulders since I was the only employee left. I'm not the quickest grease monkey in the world, and having to take calls and schedule and order parts REALLY slowed down completed projects. The boss was displeased with this and decided to move me to 'clock time.' So, basically commission, If im not turning labor hours, Im not getting paid. he told me what a great opportunity this was, since he was offering 60% of our $65 labor charge. so for every labor hour I complete, I make $39. Not bad for the area. Unfortunately, this is a small town, and we REALLY slow down during the end of year holidays. I'm still required to be there 40-50 hours per week unless I schedule myself some time off, whether I have work to do or not. He never paid overtime rates when I was hourly, and now that im on clock time he has become even more miserly. Two weeks ago, I had one tire job for the whole week. $36 was all I made that week. None of these agreements are in writing, but I'm pretty sure he is legally obligated to pay me minimum wage if comission doesnt exceed it based on the hours i was there, right? This week i turned 12.43 hours on paper and was present for 50 hours (stayed late to knock one out so it would be on my check). my check was $158.35. he claimed the two largest jobs I on my ticket werent complete and he wasnt going to pay (jobs were done, customed hadnt paid yet.) I'm a 30 yeard old man sitting in my office fighting back tears. I dont know who to call, or what my rights are in the case of this comission arrangement. I want to walk right out the door, but work isnt easy to find around here, and i have a criminal record. I'm two weeks behind on rent and dont know how im going to pay. Any advice is greatly appreciated. TL;DR I'm getting fucked on pay, and i dont know what to do. Fyi the ga dol doesn't help with wage claims. You need to contact the federal dept of labor. Keep in mind that might take a while to get paid.  Perhaps you should make your own thread. I don't know enough about Canadian law to comment. The pay system OP is describing is called 'flag rate' or 'flat rate' in the mechanic industry and it IS a legal way of paying people, when handled correctly. It CAN lead to a situation where someone is at work for 9 actual hours but only is paid for six 'flag hours.' So it's not completely accurate to say that he has to pay you for every hour you're on the premises. This is legal IF the employee's pay still averages out to more than minimum wage for the hours he was present. Further, if that average rate is more than 1.5x minimum wage, and these sorts of commissions make up more than half the paycheck, they may not be entitled to an increased rate for overtime. (though those hours have to be included in the check to make sure OP is making enough per hour, on average.) And there's another weirdness if OP were a mechanic at a dealership, because car and tractor dealerships have an exception to the FLSA overtime rules too! OP certainly should file a wage claim and is entitled to be paid at least either 1.5X minimum wage or minimum wage+overtime for all hours he's on the clock. But he's NOT entitled to make whatever his normal payrate is for every hour he's on the premises, and may not be entitled to an increased rate for overtime, due to some pretty rarely seen bits of employment law.  It's illegal for him to prevent you from unionizing, but there are some guidelines for how you have to go about it to have protection for that.  I just got ripped off for a hundred hrs he hired me as an employee ...then says im a sub con tractor wants me to fake invoices for him said i wasnt thenhe said hes keeping my money for taxes ..police response..."theres some shitty people out there"....fuckin incredable ..in lethbridge canada ..needless to say i got a house full of kids... yeah. No matter what, if you are an employee, you have to be paid minimum wage, AT LEAST.  Talk with the GA DOL. They'll help you file a wage claim as /u/timelessblur said. You've likely got a good case as well, might want to look around for a lawyer. Document everything as it stands and has happened in writing.  I'll talk to the other guys about it, but considering the mentality of the boss, he'd shut the whole damnned thing down if we tried to organize. You might want to consider contacting the IAM in your area. They are the union for truck mechanics and could possibly help you to fix this issue and give you guys a little more say in your workplace. They could also tell you what it would take to unionize your shop. Just another idea besides contacting the state labor department. [http://www.unionmechanic.org/about.html](http://www.unionmechanic.org/about.html) Is it the same as with restaurants, too, that if you work on commission, your employer has to make up the difference to ensure you take home at least minimum wage? What you're describing is wage theft. Tell the person at the department of labor that your boss is not paying you for all the hours that you work. Use the phrase "wage theft". I have no intention of saving him. I honestly wouldn't mind suing his ass if I have a case. I would file a complaint with your state DOL. I would also follow this by finding a new job and as soon as you find it tell your boss that you quit and walk out the door that way. I would not even bother doing the two week notice. It would be quit and leave your boss hanging. He is screwing you chances are doing it illegally no point for you to try to save him That’s too bad. That would have been the easiest route. Listen to the other comments and file a complaint. Make sure to record the duties you perform while at work that are not commission based. I know that having a criminal record can make it harder to obtain employment, but this guy is screwing you. You’re better than that. Your time is valuable. Start looking at other options, you don’t want to work for someone who doesn’t respect you.  There is no HR department. Owner, Secretary, workers. That's it. Is your boss also your HR department? Welcome and good luck.  Thank you, will do! Take a look at this site File a wage complaint.  You need to file a wage and hour complaint right away. Document EVERYTHING. Make a written documentation of what you see happening at what time. Submit everything to L I. Is there any special person for this sort of thing I need to ask for? Am I just filing a complaint? He refuses to pay overtime to the other guys, but requires them to be there. I'm pretty sure that's a big no-no. You need to call the department of labor for your state. If you are required to be there, he has to pay you for the time there. Many states have an on call rate as well.