 My spouse and I would like to get a divorce. The marriage didn't work out, but we've stayed friends and still live together (albeit in separate bedrooms now) and there's no animus between us. We've already separated our bank accounts and do not jointly own any property. We do not have any children. She has a cat which I adore, but it's hers and I don't want to fight for any kind of custody (if that's a thing for pets). Neither of us want any part of the others' retirement account. We've basically just been living as roommates for the past 2 years and want to make it official. According to MD law, parties have to live apart for 12 months before filing for a no-fault divorce. However, financially, it's not really feasible for either of us to buy a new home right now, and neither of us wants to go back to renting. Both of us have dated/seen other people since we've all-but-legally ended the marriage. I know at least I am willing to go in front of a judge and admit to adultery in order to get an immediate divorce. My question is this: In this scenario, is it feasible or possible to file all of the paperwork for a divorce without an attorney, if there is no need or desire to fight for money/property/etc? Does this community recommend any resources for self-filing said paperwork? What are the potential pitfalls of both of us representing ourselves at a divorce hearing? Thanks. I was able to confirm that the commenter above is correct that mutual consent is now an option for no-fault divorce, so we can avoid any of the other criteria. We've already found and filled out the forms we need, so the process is started. Do NOT claim adultery just to speed up the divorce, it could wind up biting you in the ass in the future. Uncontested is possible, congrats on both of you being civil, hopefully you both find someone to make you happy in the future! This is going to look good on you for future significant others as well, really shows your maturity. Ah, that's great to know. Thanks! Thanks so much! [Mutual Consent is now an option for a no-fault divorce (section 8).](http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/webmga/frmStatutesText.aspx?article=gfl section=7-103 ext=html session=2018RS tab=subject5) You can file this yourself. Just go to the Family Law portion of the website for your county's judiciary. Download the forms and instructions.