 I'm coming here because in the past I've read some pretty good advice surrounding situations I thought I might end up in or have experienced and needed some reassurance. Synopsis: I'm headed west on a main road for an appointment, 4th car in front possibly turns right, both cars in front of me hit brakes, I hit brakes and slide into vehicle in front of me. Guy gets out, asks "are you ok?" I say "yes, are you ok?" He replies yes. He does not have his cell phone, I take photos of damage and of his and my insurance and licenses and I text them to him. We go on, he has a hole in his rear bumper cover, I have more severe front end damage but it is drive-able. I call my insurance guy, he's out, I take care of appointment and head home. Insurance guy emails me this morning and says since the police didn't come, when his insurance calls tell them no when they ask if I'm at fault because it's he said/she said. Go get estimates and get my car fixed, try and pay cash if can to avoid making a claim. The other driver just text me and said "Fixing to file the claim, boss", I haven't replied. Do I just wait it out and see what happens? tl, dr; No fault declared in accident, was told to just fix my car and move on. Your agent has given you bad advice. Call your insurance company (not the agent) and explain what happened. Let them know exactly what happened. You don't need to say "this was my fault." They will know that. You were following too closely. That's clear from what you said. They will handle the claims and decide to what degree the fault was yours. Optionally: If you don't want this to go against your insurance and the damage isn't a large amount, you can pay for both your car and his car repairs out of your own pocket and not involve insurance. However, this opens you up to liability. If you pay for his repairs, you are, in effect, admitting it was your fault. And if he later claims that he had an injury (whiplash), you could then be on the hook for additional damages. Yeah it really does. :( And I understand! I hope this works out for you.. that’s really annoying he’s even put you in this position to lie. It makes you look like the bad guy and ultimately you’ll get in trouble not him. It’s crazy.  Just know that he could still come after you. I have both, Liability is required in Oklahoma, and the value of my car (prior to this) was enough to warrant comprehensive, which the comprehensive claim is up to me, if I can fix my car for less than my deductible then I won't file a claim for myself. Even if it is more than my deductible, it'd have to be quite a bit above to get me to avoid filing the claim. TBH I feel the same because if he'd of called me on the phone or met me in person and said it, I'd be like, eh ok, he's trying to save me money and yada yada, but to say it in a paper trail format...yeesh. That's correct, collision/liability would cover the guy OP hit. However, as I stated, unless OP has comprehensive, then the damages to OP's car are their responsibility. Like I said to u/Bailey_smom I'm not trying to be dishonest or corrupt, I'm just sharing what has transpired so far and am honestly seeking advice on how to move forward, it seems my insurance guy (who's obviously looking out for me) may be telling me to do something that isn't fully in my best interest. I know this isn’t your fault by the way that your insurance guy told you that! I’m just in shock your insurance guy said that, it’s not right. I can’t believe it honestly. You really need to be honest because more than likely, cameras caught the accident and it’s kind of screwing a guy over for no reason when you were following him to closely. I can’t believe your insurance guy emailed you to lie, that’s crazy.  I'm not trying to avoid anything, I'm just in a position I've never been in. That's why I came for advice versus judgement as it seems from other posts I've only read the top line of. Collision coverage covers in this instance not comprehensive. Your refusal to file a claim does not negate your liability from being at fault in the accident. The other guy can still file a claim on his insurance which will come after you or the other guy can sue you in small claims court. You rear ended him. File a claim. Wow that’s messed up. He trusted you. The other day a car hit me from the side, I didn’t want the guy to get a ticket so I avoided calling the cops. He gave me his insurance texted me he told them what happened and they paid the $4,000 it cost to get my car fixed. I couldn’t have afforded that myself. He didn’t call the cops and SAVED you from getting a ticket, the least you can do is admit fault so your insurance takes care of it since it was your fault. Anytime you hit someone from the back it’s your fault for following to closely. If you lie, you better hope there is no store or street cameras around cause this guy can call the cops on you and get footage that you are at fault, and you will get in trouble. My advice is, be honest. You hit him, he was nice enough to avoid calling police to get you a following behind to close ticket, just be honest. Your insurance is trying to get out of paying the claim. You were at fault for the accident because you didn't stop in time. Therefore, it's on your insurance to pay for the damages of the person you hit. Unless you had comprehensive, then your car damages are your responsibility. And if somehow your insurance tries to say that they won't pay out like they're supposed to, then the person you hit will come after you directly.