 I got a '00 Honda Accord from Craigslist for $2,500. The Ad said no mechanical issues, and it had been taken care of over the years. We met at a Krogers in Arlington, and he told me he had drove in from Fort Worth because that's where he worked. He wanted to get the transaction fast, so he could get back to work. I looked at the engine, everything looked fine. Revved up the engine, everything sounded fine. We transferred money and title and 1 key and I was going to ask him more about the car, but he said he wanted to go get the keyfob from his wife who was parked a little ways down. Well he left and when I called him back he forwarded my calls. I figured I would try to drive it back to my house and see how it goes, but when I got it on the highway the transmission started to slip and had problems with shifting gears. I have called him back and talked to his wife, but she kept saying he'll call me back when he gets home from work. I know it was stupid of me, and I was dumb with everything in the transaction. I should have done alot differently, but it's already in the past. I just need to know what is the smartest action for me to take. I have tried to make a police report, but they told me it wasn't a criminal offense. If someone could help me out with this, I would be greatly appreciated. I've never been screwed over before in my life, and I'm not too sure what to do next. Thank you You bought the car "As/Is". There is nothing you can do. The seller is not responsible in any way. You've officially been "screwed over".  You most likely would not win in a small claims suit. Used cars are generally considered as-is unless a written warranty is supplied. On a side note, Honda automatics don't like being low on fluid. Have the fluid changed or at the very least topped off properly. Also they have several solenoids and switches external of the transmission that are fairly inexpensive to fix that can cause major problems when they go bad. You have no recourse against the seller. It was as-is. No 19 year old $2,500 car has no mechanical issues that's puffery. You had a chance to inspect it and you found it satisfactory. You could try to sue him in small claims. On the ine hand he seemed to have grossly misrepresented the state of the car with "no mechanical issue". On the other hand, used cars are sold as-is.