 I had a girlfriend and we decided to get engaged. I asked my mom to help me find a ring but my girl went ahead and picked one out herself that was over $5000. Things ended poorly but in a text I agreed to continue paying for the ring of things would end peacefully. She did not allow then to end peacefully and went crazy on me texting my family members lies about me and so on. Since she did that I said I'm no longer going to continue paying for the ring. She said she has messages proving I agreed to pay for it and she'd take me to court if I didn't continue paying. Does she have a case? IANAL but if she is the one that financed it and signed the papers, she is the one obligated to pay. It's a ring, not a child. Engagement rings are conditional gifts and once no longer engaged, it's yours if you paid for it. Since it's financed by her, I guess it's more her property, but you don't need to pay into it. You could, in return, try to get your money back since she failed to keep up her end of the engagement. You said you'd pay for it with conditions that she failed to maintain, so I'd say you're in the clear if you can prove that she's contacting family and being bonkers. I'd like to think any judge isn't going to side with her. It's a stupid nonessential ring. If she wants it, she can pay for it. You didn't sign a contract.  You should go to small claims court yourself. Since the rings are conditional gifts any money you put into the ring might technically be yours. Who broke up with who? Is she keeping the ring?  If what you're saying is true and she is holding onto the messages where you agreed to pay for the ring in exchange for a peaceful separation, and the separation was not peaceful, then don't let her know that she is prepared to use evidence in your favor. Let her show the messages to the court and you reply with your proof that the separation was not peaceful. Looks to me like you dodged a bullet... It's unlikely but that would be up to the judge if she does decide to sue. She also wouldn't be able to sue to get you to continue paying. She would need to pay it off and then sue you for the payments you said you'd make. I don't think she would win though because the gift was conditional.  So a text saying I'd continue paying would not hold up in this instance?  Then you can stop making payments provided you are not on the financing. If she signed an agreement to pay for the ring, that is her problem. If she attempts to sue you, don't ignore it. Appear in court and explain that the engagement has been terminated.  She financed the ring.  I didn't save the texts because I didn't know at the time I was dealing with a looney. She saved them and now she's trying to blackmail me with them.  Yeah, that's not how it works. You said that she picked one out for $5000. Who financed the ring?  She refuses to give the ring back. She wants to keep it and have me pay it off.  Print the text messages where you agreed to pay for the ring if she agreed to end things peacefully and then print any statements where she breached her obligation to remain peaceful. Getting affidavits from family members now may also be wise. Engagement rings are conditional gifts. In theory, If you are no longer getting married, she gives you the ring back and you can sell it to get your money back. In this case, whoevers name the ring is in gets to keep it and pay for it themselves. 