 My wife and I have been married for 24 yrs. We tried to have children for 5 with no success, after all sorts of doctors and failed procedures. Gave up. After 10 years of trying to recover from the stress, she told me we had a miracle child and that we were going to finally be parents! I was over the moon happy, understandably. Our daughter was born and I completely took over the household support so that her mother could be a stay at home mom, we decided that was the best.... My daughter has been the jewel since before she was born, and I have doted on her since. Fast forward three years.....I discovered that she is the product of an affair and that the biodad has been visiting on the sly.....broke my heart and I had two failed suicide attempts-couldnt leave my little girl. I tried to make it work for months and for my sanity I moved out of the house. I am the legal father on the birth certificate and pay child support. I also am still on the mortgage on the home she lives in and pay as much of the maintenance as I can on my income with the extra apartment. I dont know my options of keeping my daughter, the biodad has made no formal paternity claim, but still after all this time is glad to have me pay for his indiscretion. I want to cut him off....... Her mother and I have discussed his involvement and she doesnt think he is a good influence lately either. My opinion is he is a deadbeat loser, a registered sex offender, good for not much and I want to get him gone. Advice? Even if the biofather really pushes, it's hard to impossible to get the courts to intervene in most jurisdictions.  Unless the father decided to petition the court. Then they would do blood tests, and change the birth certificate to reflect that. Do I think he ever would? Probably not. But most of the time it’s because family pushes. Which could happen here. Or the wife could push the issue as well. It does happen.   No he doesn't. Legally OP is the father as far as the state is concerned.  You have that right. My uncle is a tier 3, but is allowed to be around kids. I know because I’ve called. Different states have different rules. Your first step should be to find out his stipulations, which should be public record. And even above that, a judge could still be sympathetic to the fact he is a sex offender. But you also have to realize he has rights as her father. If he chooses to pursue paternity, you could get screwed in all of this. But are you 100% that it is his kid? Have you all taken paternity tests?  Tier 3, lifetime. I don't want him around... Just because they are a registered sex offender, doesn’t mean they can’t be around kids. It all depends on state laws, their tier level, and their stipulations when they were released. Lots of registered sex offenders are allowed around kids, especially their own.  If he is in fact a registered sex offender he should not be near your daughter. If your wife was aware and allowed him acess to her I'd point that out to your attorney.  IANAL - I was a Guardian ad Litem for several years, so I've done a lot of custody work. Did you sign a recognition of parentage? I assume you did if you are on the birth certificate? If so, that's a good start. It's also good for your case that you have been acting as the father, financially supporting her, and want to remain in a parental role. However, these things create a presumption of paternity, not an adjudication. This other man also has a presumption working in his favor, which is that he is the biological father. A presumption gives rights to your daughter (chiefly support, from one of the two alleged fathers), but it does not give either of you rights to her. For you to have your rights recognized, (custody, parenting time, support on her behalf) you need to establish paternity. This starts as a presumption, but then the court writes an order that gives you binding parental rights and duties. NOTE: A child can only have to parents. One is your wife. The other is either you or this other guy. If you both go to court there will be competing presumptions and the judge or jury will have to decide which presumption is stronger. My advice: get a lawyer who specializes in family law. A great place to start would be any private attorneys who contract as court-appointed counsel on county cases (child protection, and especially IV-D child support cases, etc.) These attorneys will know the ins and outs of the paternity laws, and are very likely to have handled cases with multiple alleged fathers. If you believe she is having contact with a registered sex offender, you may also want to contact child protection. I would discuss this with your attorney as well. It will make things more complicated, as CPS has its own conventions around who they recognize as parents and some of those conventions are not as clear or transparent as you might hope. I've operated in three counties and each county treats alleged fathers slightly differently depending on the circumstances. None of my counties were in Michigan, but I suspect this is not unique. If you believe that your daughter is in danger with him around, definitely report. If you think it's more of a 'bad influence' kind of situation, talk to your attorney and see if getting things resolved through a custody case might be faster and less likely to introduce variables that you don't want to deal with. BTW- I initially started taking antidepressants upon learning of the whole situation, who wouldn't? They were a major factor in my mental state. I quickly decided that I didn't want to leave my daughter behind with the circus and changed the meds. I am stable and have a decent job that I also really like.  Time to fight for full custody and get her to pay you child support. The kid is yours legally, it is almost impossible to change that without you and the bioperson fighting for it.  That’s not unfortunate for OP, he doesn’t want to contest paternity. He’s desperate to keep the child. I'm not a lawyer so please get an actual lawyer to confirm this! But you're on the birth certificate, were married to mom at time of conception and birth, and pay child support so legally you are the father. That's really hard to undo. The court's concern is keeping the child in a stable financial situation. They other guy has as much right to the kid at this point as anyone does. I'd see a lawyer to make sure about cutting him off but it seems like a good step to take if he's a dead beat loser and registered sex offender. That was my understanding as well. Which is why I want to protect my daughter against this douchebag. I am legally the father on the BC as an innocent victim of paternity fraud and I will continue to raise my daughter as long as I can. IANAL You are in a good starting place. In Michigan, if a child is born to a married couple, the child is presumed to be the couple's child. [Source](http://www.legislature.mi.gov/(S(e4hoii0fznw3ijmvluouhkbe))/mileg.aspx?page=getobject objectname=mcl-700-2114 query=on highlight=husband) So you are presumed to be your child's father. The law even stipulates that if a child is not the product of a marriage, that acting as if one is the parent establishes a parent-child relationship. 's natural father for purposes of intestate succession if any of the following occur: Non-legal advice: get with a therapist. Get documentation that you are in a better place emotionally, and are not a threat to yourself or your child. And get a lawyer.  Unfortunately I believe that Michigan prohibits you from contesting paternity once the child is 3. While MI is a no-fault state for divorce adultery can modify alimony orders. You should speak to a lawyer ASAP. The other guy will not pay child support if he is not the legal father. Now I'm just want to keep my little girl! I am doing well emotionally now. My daughter is three and we live in Michigan, United States.  This is a dumpster fire and the suicide attempts may rightfully make it hard to get custody. Are You going to file for divorce? How old is the child now? Where is this happening? You need to speak to a lawyer who handles custody issues. Given that he's a registered sex offender, I would immediately bar him from seeing the child. If he wants to continue visiting, let him file for custody. Unless he is granted custody, he never sees the child again. I would also highly recommend that you speak to a therapist. It's not legal advice, but it sounds like you're really struggling with this. A therapist can help you put your mind in the right place and help you sort through all this. Good luck. I live in Michigan, United States...  ! This is the important step 1 and step 2. You want your daughter to be your daughter, in your life, and you acknowledge ("my") that she is your daughter. Step 3, as others have said and will probably continue to say, is that you need legal representation. Stop negotiating with your wife without the attorney being part of the discussion. Good luck man. This is 100% attorney time. This is a cluster fuck all the way around. And no easy solution. So your only option is to talk to a local attorney to mitigate the damages. 