 I was rear ended last week and went to Urgent Care the day of. I had back and neck pain after the accident. The accident happened on the freeway, everyone came to a stop and the car (two cars back) didn't stop, hit the car behind me and then hit me and I also hit the car in front of me. I can still drive my car but being that it's only worth about $3000, it's probably totaled. I had the doctor give me a full check up for injuries including Xrays and a pain killer shot - nothing serious, just soft tissue damage. I briefly spoke to a lawyer the day of but didn't pursue anything as of yet. I haven't heard from the guilty party's insurance company yet either. I did file a claim with my insurance company. Is it too late to see a lawyer? Nothing like this has ever happened to me before.  You can see an attorney at any point you want. There’s no legal deadline that says you have to do it by X days after an accident. But your insurance company has attorneys that do this for them. And any attorney you get would be paid out of your money if you get anything from the claim. everything should go through your health insurance bc there’s no guarantee of anything being paid by anyone. If you can’t submit chiro to your insurance just make sure you keep your receipts for anything you pay them and send it to your insurance.  I followed up this morning and they're in the process of contacting claims and getting the final "story"....it seems like a pretty cut and dry case. From what I was told and read it's good to go to the Dr right away, which I did, but I was also told it was important to see a lawyer rather quickly as well. I don't have the personal time right now to go see a lawyer and I don't want that to hurt me in the long run if I wait 2-3 weeks to see one. Also, if I go and see a chiropractor on my dime will it eventually be covered by the guilty party? How does that work? My Urgent Care visit is going to billed to my health insurance. Is that okay? IANAL But was a personal injury paralegal for several years and handled many auto accident claims. California has a TWO YEAR statute of limitations on personal injury incidents which means you have 2 years from the date of the injury incident (your auto accident) to file a lawsuit in court for your injuries. You need to follow up with your insurance company to make sure they’re contacting the other parties’ insurance to get this resolved for you. Your insurance company has attorneys who handle this stuff for you. Just stay on top of them. Unless you are seriously injured, have surgery, or have permanent damage, they likely will not file a lawsuit in court bc they will settle it within the insurance policy(ies) limits. Lawsuits are very expensive and in a situation like yours where you have minimal Injuries (thankfully!) and property damage, it’s not worth it to go to court and incur a ton of costs and lawyer fees that ultimately cut into any money you may recover. Glad you’re ok!! Best of luck to you. ETA: keep track of all of your medical bills, prescriptions, medical paperwork and every single document, photo, etc., you have regarding your treatment and damage to your car. If you have to buy a new car, keep that paperwork. If you have to take an Uber or incur other transportation costs for doctor visits related to your Injuries, track those costs and keep proof. Keep track of any time missed from work and how much money that cost you (even if you had to use vacation time to take off work). All of that info is proof of your total “damages” that you’ve suffered as a result of this other driver’s negligence that caused the car accident. Also, keep following up with your doctor until you are completely healed. It’s important to show treatment for these injuries and that it’s related to THIS incident. 