 What happened We received a letter today from a bank addressed to a Polish national that never obtained US Citizenship and used to live with my parents and younger brother. This person married my brother and was married when the account was opened. The letter stated that her account has been inactive for 3+ years which means it is considered abandoned and that the money will be given to the state of Maryland on February 15, 2019 unless she claims the money. How we would like to ideally resolve this This person is currently living in Poland and is not a US citizen -- so I don't know the logistics of her being able to claim the money in her present situation. We'd like for her to get the money first, but on the human front, it's always possible my younger brother and her had a huge falling out so she may just not care. If she does not care or hangs up on him -- refuses contact, our next option is to claim the money through my brother. Once married, now divorced The account was opened when they were married. I do not know if my brother was a signee for the account / if the account was a joint account. It appears the account was in her name only at this point. If they were married when the account was opened, I would think that my brother may be entitled to some part of the money. If she will not work with him, I would rather he get the entire lump sum of money. What we don't want to happen We don't want the state to get free money. Ideally she would get the money first and if that doesn't work out, we would have some recourse to claim the money (I am assuming this would require some type of order from a judge ordering the bank to give the money to my brother -- but I don't know what kind of motion / order is involved in this type of unclaimed property law). TL;DR Bank sends notice of inactive bank account with a lot of money in it. Addressee no longer lives in country but lived at parent's address. Younger brother was married at time to her but now divorced. How do we avoid the state getting the money by Feb 15th? Thanks for the detailed response! That helps clarify things for me. Just in case you are not aware of how unclaimed funds work ... the money will never be claimed by the state as revenue. The state will hold the funds in perpetuity until the owner comes forward to claim them. So, even if the funds go to the state in February, she will be able to claim them back - it will just become much more complex. Right now, depending on the bank's policy, all she needs to do is contact the bank and let them know that the account is not abandoned. Usually, this is done by making a deposit, or logging in to online banking, or a simple phone call. Banks can set their own policies though. So the best thing to do is get the information to her and have her follow up. The bank will let her know what she needs to do once she is in contact with them.  Yes, that's what I stated -- because if she refuses to deal with it, I'd like for the money to end up anywhere else than the state. I'm not a lawyer and I don't know about divorce laws, but I'm assuming if, during a divorce when marriage assets are distributed, that if a party does not disclose an asset during the divorce proceedings that it may not be a clear-cut situation where "the money is completely hers." I am not trying to make an argument that we want some percentage of the money, but it is very possible she simply will refuse to communicate with my brother -- so in that possibility, it would be nice to donate the money to something other than the state. I'm not insinuating anything. You put it right there in your original post that plan B was for your bother to get the money and I was letting you know that will never happen unless she decides to give it to him. Yes I read your advice and we'll proceed accordingly -- but you don't need to insinuate that we're trying to benefit from the situation. I told you precisely how to proceed. Forward the letter to her. This will never be your brother's money.  Obviously we want to do the right thing and reach out to her about this. My intention is not to claim someone else's money but I definitely don't want the money going to the state and eventually being forfeited to the state. If we explain the situation to her and she doesn't care or doesn't want to pursue the matter, it would be nice to claim the money and not have it go to the state. I'd rather a charity organization benefit from this situation than having the state eventually claim it as revenue.  I am asking for general advice on how to proceed. Whether or not it is my issue to become involved in is frankly not your business to decide. But thank you for the advice. Call her and have her call the bank! Most likely she simply needs to make a deposit to the account to keep it from being escheated. In many cases, just a phone call is all that is needed! If you care enough, you can make that deposit physically as it will be a tad bit difficult for her to. On the same token, she can do a bank transfer from Poland if you do not want to be her person on the ground. In no case will this money ever be yours or your brothers so get that idea out of your head. Get the message to her so that she can claim the funds the easy way rather than having to go through the state. If your brother was not on the account and they are no longer married he has no rights to it. Forward the letter to her. This is not your issue to become involved in.