 So my wife and I just bought a condo that advertised a 'wood-burning fireplace'. When we looked at the place the fireplace was sealed up and not in use. The seller then told us that it had been inspected two years prior and did not disclose any additional information about the state of the fireplace. We were told it had not been in use since it was previously cleaned and inspected. When we had the home inspector in he opened the fireplace and determined that it had been excessively used and was not in fact cleaned. We then had our agent contact the seller and negotiate a lower selling price to which he said he would not reduce the list price or fix it. Later, a radon issue arose and we threatened to drop the sale, and he conceded a $2,000 sellers credit to cover the issue with the radon. After the purchase went through, we had a professional chimney inspector come in and he determined that the fireplace and chimney would have to be fully replaced. In short, the fireplace was built in the 70s and they have since determined it was a poor design as the vent was allowing for soot to build up and would cause a fire. The chimney would then have to be replaced as well because it would be incompatible with the old design. We have since learned: 1. It was not inspected 2 years prior, instead the HOA informed us that it was previously inspected in 2012 by the renter at the time and was deemed inoperaple then. (The bylaws specifically state that the fireplace must pass inspection in order the be closed up, otherwise repairs need to be made before it is closed up which is why we did not get it inspected before closing) 2. Our condo was an exception to the aforementioned bylaw and was closed up even though it failed inspection (this was never disclosed to us by the HOA or the seller) 3. When the renter (not owner) got the fireplace inspected all the information was forwarded to the owner/seller and the HOA requires that they sign off on a form which declares the fireplace inoperable which the did. So my question is do we have a case against them for the cost of the repairs? The cost to replace the fireplace and chimney is anywhere from $7500-$10000. Disclaimer: I live in NJ.  You should have a Real Estate Attorney read the Status Certificate to see if the Condo was fully insured prior to your discovery. There is obviously some fire codes that are broken and which you can use as leverage in negotiations. No, had a home inspector simply check for use and whether it was cleaned as they previously stated. The professional chimney inspection was after the purchase But we did not know that before hand, our home inspector simply looked in the fireplace to see if he had in fact been used and whether it was actually cleaned. He could argue that, which is why I suggested OP see an attorney. IANAL. You should certainly talk to an attorney to see if you have a case, but you might want to talk to your real estate agent (preferably their broker). They'll probably have a good idea if this is something that can realistically be pursued or not. I found some general information from NOLO that may be about as much as anyone can reasonably tell you from the details available : and looked up the small claims limit in NJ. It is $3,000, well below the required sum for repair. If I were you I’d see an attorney. 