 I'll try to keep this straightforward: I've started to gather documents and interviews related to a natural/man-made disaster that occurred over 30 years ago in my state. This project is for personal/public interest and isn't part of a work or academic related assignment. After calling up doctors involved with this incident one of them has offered to send me a large cache of documents some of which include material which might be considered PHI (the identities of the patients is already public, but some of this stuff would contain rounding notes, lab values, etc.). The doc seemed ok with this transfer as he kept referring to it being ok for "research". I know usually when research bumps up against PHI, its time to involve an Institutional Review Board (IRB). Here's the rub though, I am a very minor employee at the hospital where these documents were generated and a part-time student at the adjoined university. However, neither of these institutions solicited this research or have yet provided me any of the information. While I don't think receiving any of this data is inherently a crime (for me at least), I don't want to let this doctor hang himself with an illegal disclosure just because he doesn't understand HIPAA. I'm worried about going to my hospital's compliance department because of what could happen and I don't know what my university would do about research they're not involved in. So my questions are as follows: TL;DR: being offered potentially PHI containing documents from the 1980s pursuant to research I'm conducting independently. 1) Is medical data pre-1996 protected under HIPAA? 2)If so, does it matter if the patients are still alive? 3)Assuming I don't publish or disseminate the documents I receive, have I broken the law? 4) Do I need an attorney/ should I contact my school or work's IRB/ compliance division? You need to do 2 IRB’s school and the medical organization.  Caveat: I am neither a lawyer nor medical professional, my knowledge in this field comes from performing social science research with human subjects. I have no expertise with HIPAA. My uninformed impression is that disclosing patient info may be a crime, but receiving it likely is not. So the person giving you this data may be committing a crime, and if you reported or otherwise passed on anything you learned (such as telling friends, or trying to get it published), that might be a crime if not done properly (i.e., with informed consent from the individuals in question, removing identifying information, and after IRB approval).  While I'm not familiar with public health research specifically, I am familiar with academic research generally, and somewhat familiar with HIPAA (though my knowledge re: HIPAA is several years out of date). You can still contact the IRB at the university you study at even if you're not actually going to be using university resources to carry out the research - the fact that you're a student there entitles you to their services. I would recommend you contact them, as they can help you navigate the issues re: PHI and make sure you have the correct credentialing and approval to do the research. You say that this isn't associated with an academic assignment and you're not planning on publishing the results, but I would still get IRB involved now rather than later, as if you do decide later to publish the results, getting retroactive approval is a lot harder than getting prospective approval. See the flowcharts located at to help you decide whether the research would be considered exempt, would fall under expedited review or require a full review. If you haven't done so already, you'll need to do IRB training through the university (if you have current IRB certification from another institution, you MAY be able to transfer that over, though that's institution-specific).  Thanks! I'm currently working to contact my school's IRB rep so I can talk to someone. They provided a flow chart for determining whether or not something requires IRB approval and it seems like there is a distinction for a systematic investigation (emphasis from them) versus what I'm doing which could charitably referred to as cold-calling people in my kitchen. I'll x-post to r/AskAcademia too. Is there any reason to think merely receiving these documents constitutes a crime?  Even if you’re not using HIPAA protected data, any academic research involving human subjects (including data about humans) is supposed to go through an IRB, and people doing research with human subjects should ideally have human subjects ethics training. I suggest start by googling for free human subjects training online (I think the NIH has one), these typically take 4-16 hours to work your way through, and you’ll learn more about what does and doesn’t need IRB approval. I would also suggest talking with an IRB rep at your school and work to see what they suggest. You can make an appointment to meet with someone who can tell you the correct course of action. It may be worth noting though that journalists do work that sometimes be considered human subjects research, and their work does not generally have to be approved by an IRB. Presumably they have other forms of checks and balances though, and ethics training. You can also try r/askacademia .