 TLDR: My co-worker harassed me with emails and by communicating inappropriately when we worked at the same department. He transitioned to another department and now started harassing me over email again. I’m moving to another city soon. Should I finally report him now? If yes - how do I report somebody I don’t work with directly? I started working my current company about 3 years ago. A senior coworker started asking me out and sending me inappropriate emails during the first month. Being inexperienced and new to the company I at first didn’t report him to my supervisor. I told him that his behavior was inappropriate and unwelcome, and that I will report if he continues. He didn’t stop, the problem exacerbated, so I finally decided to talk to my boss. The boss offered me to file a formal complaint to the company’s HR, which I refused to do fearing that this would put my employment and career at risk. My boss had a conversation with this person and advised me to save all the emails, which I did. For the next year I avoided any communication with this person and blocked his email, as he was still sending me non-work related stuff. Then finally a year ago he transitioned to another department and I thought it was over. Two days ago the person sent me an email from a new address, asking me out again. I was very disturbed and annoyed. I feel bad that I didn’t report this person in the beginning. I fear that he will try to contact me again. I also fear that I’m not the only one facing inappropriate behavior from this guy. And I feel like the right thing to do is to finally report him so there is a formal record of his behavior. However, I am going to move to a different city in couple of months. Right now I’m just finishing up all my projects and wrapping up everything. So my two questions are: 1) should I do something now? 2) if yes - how can I report a person that is not currently working in my department? Do I talk to my supervisor or to the company’s HR directly? Ah- I can agree with that. Yeah, I agree, but then I can choose whom I share my personal address with. My mistake was to temporarily use my address for work communication in the beginning.  Well, if you're communicating about something not related to work, then I would say using a personal email address seems reasonable.... That’s a great point, thank you! I’ll see what they say. But definitely a lesson learned to never ever use private email for communicating with coworkers! You can still report it to your supervisor/internal HR, but they might tell you it's not something they can do about since it's not occurring through the company's own email domain. Most of the inappropriate emails were sent through a personal address. Thanks! Did he email you from his work email address or his own personal address? Oh wow, thank you for advice, I really appreciate it! He emailed me on my personal address. Would that change anything in my complaint process?  Take it to your supervisor first. She might be the one to start the complaint process. If not, she'll tell you to go to HR. Before you do this, back up copies of all these emails in a non work setting. Email them to a personal address or, for preference, print them and take them home.