 So, I've been having a "discussion" about advisory speed limit sign. (i.e. the yellow ones before curves that are 10 mph below the posted speed limit) What I have looked up is that basically the yellow signs apply to a stretch of road where the basic speed law, when applied, is lower than the posted limit, say a sharp tun. My question is let me give an example say I have a 2015 Mustang GT, it obviously has better handling, acceleration, and deceleration, than say a 2015 Ford F-150, so it should be allowed to take that turn faster without worry. I am not saying that if in that turn an accident occurs that I would get a ticket, just that I would not get a ticket for going the posted limit. TLDR: Can a high performance car ignore the advisory speed limit sign and not get a speeding ticket as long as there is no accident and they were not going above the posted speed limit? You’re fine, trust me nothing you said comes close to being hostile in the way many people are.  I'm new to Reddit, my spouse just schooled on my post and reddiquette, your first response was perfect for TL;DR and I apologize if in anyway I seemed rude. I clarified my initial answer to better explain my point. I’ve seen tickets given out for violating these limits, at the end of the day they are called advisory, but they exist because of traffic studies and they can absolutely get you a ticket if you are in violation. As u/Eeech noted, you could take that defense to court, but I wouldn’t make it on behalf of a client because the court is not going to be impressed. I think that is where my confusion and high performance part of this came in. I had the understanding that the basic speed law also took into account vehicle abilities. Thank you for answering my question. Also, sorry for the Wikipedia link, and thank you for not harping on it, I had looked up others, but the wiki did summarize them enough for the point of my question. Wikipedia isn’t what I use as my authoritative legal reference guide. But moving past that, the yellow limits are the measured safe speed for that turn, while you are correct in that you wouldn’t get a speeding ticket, you would get an unsafe for speed ticket, or reckless driving ticket for exceeding that speed. People call them advisory, and you can find any number of people, even police officers who might say that they have no legal authority, but the reality is that exceeding that speed, which again, is the maximum safe speed that has been determined per traffic studies, will get you a ticket.  No. The only times what vehicle you are driving matters is if trucks or trailers have a reduced maximum speed. Advisory limits are not "cars that handle better than others can ignore this" sign; they are not hard limits but anyone can be ticketed for exceeding if you go above it. You can certainly try to make your defense "but my car handles better than regular cars" in court, and please do invite me to come watch if you do. But seriously, a 2015 Mustang as a hypothetical? I can think of an awful lot of other card I suspect are way better at handling turns.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] They are not “advisory” in as much as they are the limit that a traffic study has determined is safe for that section of the road. You can no more ignore them because you have a high performance car than you can ignore a standard speed limit because you have a high performance car or because you are a “great” driver. You will not get a “speeding” ticket for violating that speed, but you will likely get a ticket for driving to fast for conditions or for reckless driving. Edited to clarify