 It's the exact same product, I was just sent 2 when I ordered 1. I checked my account page and it shows 1 ordered. I checked my credit card and I was only charged for 1. If I return the product that matches the account page for a refund and keep the extra one (which I understand is legal) if in 1+ years if I use my credit card's warranty protection is it fraud since it's technically not the same product that would be on my account page and I paid for?  This is great thank you. “unjust enrichment” obligates you to return the item paid for by another customer. I have a few questions though. Am I obligated legally to send them a letter asking if this is a mistake? Do they have to prove that it is a mistake or can they just say it is and it's more of a common sense judgement? Is it only an obligation if the item is paid for by another customer?  http://consumer.georgia.gov/consumer-topics/unordered-merchandise  't request a 2nd item so how is it not unordered merchandise? Because it was part of an order. Look at it this way: if you went into a store and paid for one item, and they accidentally gave you two, do you think you'd be legally obligated to return the second item, or pay for it, if the store requested? Or, the flip of that, if you paid for two and only got one, would you think they'd be obligated to give you a second item? The fact that the items were mailed to you rather than picked up in a store makes zero difference. The FTC rule was enacted to counter bad practices in the 80s and 90s with things like the old "CDs for $1" where you were shipped merchandise that you did not order then you were billed for that merchandise. The FTC rule does not apply to orders that you placed that were incorrectly fulfilled. You have an incorrectly fulfilled order, not unordered merchandise that you're legally protected in keeping for free. Because you DID order the merchandise. It's the quantity that is wrong. D—this isn’t unordered merchandise. You ordered it. You got two by accident. This statue doesn’t apply. You can search this sub for others asking the same question and getting the same answer.   (a) Except for (1) free samples clearly and conspicuously marked as such, and (2) merchandise mailed by a charitable organization soliciting contributions, the mailing of un­ordered merchandise or of communications prohibited by subsection (c) of this section constitutes an unfair method of competition and an unfair trade practice in violation of section 45(a)(1) of title 15. (b) Any merchandise mailed in violation of subsection (a) of this section, or within the exceptions contained therein, may be treated as a gift by the recipient, who shall have the right to retain, use, discard, or dispose of it in any manner he sees fit without any obligation whatsoever to the sender. All such merchandise shall have attached to it a clear and conspicuous statement informing the recipient that he may treat the merchandise as a gift to him and has the right to retain, use, discard, or dispose of it in any manner he sees fit without any obligation whatsoever to the sender. (c) No mailer of any merchandise mailed in violation of subsection (a) of this section, or within the exceptions contained therein, shall mail to any recipient of such merchandise a bill for such merchandise or any dunning communications. (d) For the purposes of this section, “un­ordered merchandise” means merchandise mailed without the prior expressed request or consent of the recipient. un­ordered merchandise (d)For the purposes of this section, “un­ordered merchandise” means merchandise mailed without the prior expressed request or consent of the recipient. I didn't request a 2nd item so how is it not unordered merchandise?   (a) Except for (1) free samples clearly and conspicuously marked as such, and (2) merchandise mailed by a charitable organization soliciting contributions, the mailing of un­ordered merchandise or of communications prohibited by subsection (c) of this section constitutes an unfair method of competition and an unfair trade practice in violation of section 45(a)(1) of title 15. (b) Any merchandise mailed in violation of subsection (a) of this section, or within the exceptions contained therein, may be treated as a gift by the recipient, who shall have the right to retain, use, discard, or dispose of it in any manner he sees fit without any obligation whatsoever to the sender. All such merchandise shall have attached to it a clear and conspicuous statement informing the recipient that he may treat the merchandise as a gift to him and has the right to retain, use, discard, or dispose of it in any manner he sees fit without any obligation whatsoever to the sender. (c) No mailer of any merchandise mailed in violation of subsection (a) of this section, or within the exceptions contained therein, shall mail to any recipient of such merchandise a bill for such merchandise or any dunning communications. (d) For the purposes of this section, “un­ordered merchandise” means merchandise mailed without the prior expressed request or consent of the recipient. Where does it says "totally unwanted stuff"?  That doesn't apply to your situation. That applies to things you receive unexpectedly and out of the blue (you were expecting yours), having placed no order whatsoever (you placed an order), and then the shipper turns around and demands payment. Your situation is not "unordered merchandise," it's "an incorrectly fulfilled order." Just because the shipper made a mistake in fulfilling your order doesn't mean you get free stuff. You're completely misinterpreting that law. This covers unsollicited merchandise. This only applies to totally unwanted stuff. So shady companies can’t send you crap you never ordered and then bill you for it. But you ordered 1 of these and were accidentally sent 2. That isn’t what this FTC rule applies to.   Not sure where you're getting that it's not legal to keep both?   Not sure where you're getting that it's not legal to keep both?   You understand incorrectly. What makes you think that? Although technically, you don't have to tell the vendor that you received 2 (which you really should), they usually have a couple of years to come after you for payment or return the product. It’s not legal to keep both so your whole premise is wrong. Contact the shipper and inform them of the mistake.