 I livestream for a living. Due to this, I need a strong, consistent internet connection (specifically I need good upload). However, my speeds are not always up to par, or even close. I pay for 150 down/10 up, which is more than enough to stream comfortably. Some days, my internet will work perfectly fine whereas others, it will be so bad I can't stream at all (therefore losing revenue). I'm not a huge streamer by any means, but I make enough to earn a living...when my internet is working. This has been going on for over 2 years now, and I contact my ISP every time it happens to let them know that there is a problem and that it needs fixed ASAP. They typically will reset my router, then tell me they'll send a tech out. The techs (not all, but most) will come out, run a bunch of speedtests, say everything looks fine (the issues happen randomly), and leave. The ISP charges $75 each time they send a tech out unless either you pay for another service to negate that cost or they find an issue on their end (which is next to impossible to get them to admit). I do pay for that extra service (\~$120/year extra) because I can't afford to pay $75/visit. My question is, can I do anything about the lost revenue? My income is not a consistent x-amount per day or even month. I can make nearly nothing one day and $1,000+ the next. If there is a way to do anything about the lost revenue, how far back can I go and how would I go about determining how much the lost revenue is? Would it be an average from a monthly standpoint or something else? P.S. I have tried everything I can possibly do on my end to fix the problem and ensured it is not any of my equipment causing the issues. We have also made the ISP, over the past 2 years, replace everything between the pole and the back of my computer at least once to also ensure it's nothing on our end. I've also gotten the ISP to admit that there was "noise" on the lines on 2 different occasions, including yesterday, but nothing has been fixed as of yet and they still try giving me the same run-around. Business class ISP SLAs typically have language like "speeds will not fall below 10 down/10 up" but are more expensive. That is probably what OP needs. My internet is bad so I’m gonna she my isp??? The speeds they offer is not guaranteed at all times and legally you have no leverage here You’re not going to get them to cover your lost revenue and you’ll be lucky if one of these days you don’t get a snippy CSR or tech who decides to cut off your service since you’re using it for a “business”. At the very least you should have a “business class” connection to avoid that last problem, though if this really is your full time job, you’re going to want to get some kind of connectivity with an Enterprise SLA. You won't get lost revenue. You'd need to get a business account with contractual uptime and speed guarantees, but chances are it will cost you more than you make on your livestreaming. If you check the fine print with your ISP, you will find that you are paying for speeds up to 150 down/10 up. And your ISP is not responsible for your lost revenue.