 I had a slip and fall with a fractured ankle and the company took immediate full responsibility and paid my medical bills. They disputed my claim for lost wages as excessive so I retained a personal injury attorney. They recently offered a low ball settlement of $5000 that didn’t even cover my lost wages but none the less, my attorney presented it to me and said rejecting it may cause me to get even less because “ people on a jury making $10 per hour may not think a professionals wages are reasonable”. Despite the fact that I’m annoyed that he did nothing but send a demand and wants a quick settlement of $2000, he really isn’t giving me the range of what is typical for a broken ankle with no non surgical intervention but ongoing pain that very well may last a lifetime due to my age. I’d like to know if there is a reference source so I can discover what would be a reasonable settlement amount for future medical and pain and suffering for being incapacitated for six weeks referenced by injury and state. Google just gives me law firm advertisements with their success stories. Thanks for any help.  Thanks. I will never settle for five thousand. I’ll take nothing and submit medical bills for the next twenty years before I do that. I don’t need the money and they aren’t going to get away with having myself or blue shield pay for their screw up. The attorney has filed suit since I rejected the offer and if it comes to a trial, we won’t lose, they’ve already admitted liability. The worst a jury could do is only award me a couple of prescription copays that were out of pocket. They can pay their attorneys. 500 plus per hour the next three years. I’ll change my attorney agreement to an hourly rate if it comes to that. F them. It really is the principal of the thing. If I had 30k in lost income, they need to pay 30k In lost income. Pay it to their law firm if the must but they’re paying it.  Settlements aren't usually public, and each case is different anyway, depending on location and facts.  There are a lot of factors here, but he may not be wrong about juries. But FYI juries handle cases very differently depending on the county you’re in. I’m sure the attorney wants to make money, and it sounds like this is contingency billing, but if he thought he could make more money (because you have a strong case) why would he be trying to recommend settlement? You’re free to reject it, but it’s a gamble. By way of example, I just finished a defense-side trial, and we had a plaintiff who turned down a settlement offer of $500,000 because he wanted a million. Then he lost at trial and took home nothing. 