 My disabled dad died at the end of November. His sister, who was his primary caregiver was his POA. After his death, we learned that I am the sole beneficiary on his life insurance. Life insurance is enough to cover all funeral arrangements plus a little extra. His sister made herself 'owner' on his bank account shortly before he died, allowing me zero access to his bank accounts (checking and savings). She just informed me that their cable services were under his name, with automatic payments being withdrawn from his account monthly (roughly $250 a month). My dad had been hospitalized since July. Therefore, she has received roughly $1250 worth of free cable services in the last 5 months. Now, she is refusing to pay the final bill, stating that she cant afford it. She wanted me to tell the cable company that he died last month so WE shouldn't have to pay the final bill. Unfortunately, they see activity on the account (purchased movies and games), making them unable to waive the final bill because obviously someone is using the cable service. I did call and cancel his account, effective at the end of this month because I'm a nice. She also asked me for a portion of the leftover life insurance money because she took care of him for all of these years. Keep in mind, being his legal caregiver, she was receiving a check through the state, which she had told us numerous times, was the way she paid for her brand new car. Unfortunately, I cannot afford an attorney and I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do about his unpaid bills or what to do with the remainder of the life insurance (that is if the state doesn't come in and take the remainder of it). I'd appreciate any input on this. Thank you.  I've been considering this all day. Its frustrating. My dad was sick for 18 years. She took care of him for 11-12 of those years. Getting the name of the life insurance provider was like pulling teeth. He has no assets to speak of. He has a massive, brand new flat screen TV and a computer. Other than that, he has nothing besides a bed and some clothes. No house, no cars, no loans. My true goal is to have the funeral paid for and be done with that part of his family. I dont need any of his belongings. Nothing will make losing him any easier. His sister hasnt wanted anything to do with my sister or I for the past 30 years. Now she texts me everyday asking how the baby is doing and how my job is going. I play civil to her questions but they are usually followed up with something about the life insurance or his unpaid bills. All she sees here is dollar signs. I cant help but to think she's been taking advantage of him all this time. $180 withdrawn from his account the day before he died. Pretty certain that he wasnt out swiping his debit card in any ATM that day considering he was on his death bed. I'll wait to bring all of that to light at the bank meeting next month. Until then, I'm taking no shit. POA ends at death. Who is the executor of your father's estate? That person should pay the bill with estate funds. They can then look into suing his sister for any bills incurred not on the up and up. I would do a consult with a probate attorney for that piece, even if you feel you can't afford to retain them. Remind yourself, you nor your aunt are responsible for paying any bills out of your own pocket. So don't do that. Also, you have no obligation to give her any of the life insurance money. Just say no and remind her she got free rent and other perks in addition to what she got from the state (she should have been paying rent). Edited to add: The executor should hire a probate attorney. If that's you, remember you don't use your own funds to retain the lawyer, you can use estate funds. You don’t need to worry about any of his bills and you don’t have to share any life insurance money. The creditors will come after his estate and get themselves paid. It sounds like your aunt is the executor of his estate so this is her problem. If she’s not, then you need to contact a probate attorney and find out who the executor is. This should be very cheap. If no one is, you can apply to have the estate probated yourself and the estate will pay for the attorney not you. The creditors and the state cannot touch that life insurance money, it’s yours. I generally agree with the above response. However, if there are no real assets it will be hard to find an attorney and not really worth it. If the facts are as you state and you are comfortable with what you have received and not looking for more, I would strongly urge you to consider telling your aunt you can't help her and washing your hands of everything. You are not responsible for your dad's debts, you were generous to pay for the funeral, and the rest of the life insurance is 100% yours. Your aunt or a creditor can open a probate or get letters of appointment or whatever is appropriate if they need to and without your involvement or consent. If a creditor approaches you deny any liability, say your dad is dead and it is not your problem. Well, since you are the sole beneficiary of the life insurance, that is yours your aunt has zero claim to that money. What assets did your dad have at his death? This is what should be used first to pay his bills. I would highly suggest that you open a probate on his estate, the estate pays the attorney not you and they can give an idea what needs to be done to pay the bills and protect his other assets. As the son you will be given deference by the court to be administrator not your aunt. If she was being paid by the state then I suggest not giving her a dime and telling her she is responsible for cable used after your dads passing. It sounds as if your aunt used him, and as executor/administrator you might be able to bring a suit against the aunt for violating her fiduciary duty. The attorney can advise you on that as well.The tricky part is that as co owner of the bank accounts she now owns them and the money in there. 