 Hi, I recently turned 18 and I am preparing for college. My parents have a 529 plan for my college funds, though it was put under my mom's name and they were divorced in 2014. Unfortunately, my relationship with my mom has gone sour, and for my personal mental health I would much prefer the 529 account transferred to me. Is there anything I can do about this? Thanks in advance Try asking r/personalfinance  No problem, you have been more than helpful in your comments. Thank you No, sorry.  This is beyond anything I know, sorry. Try to talk to your dad's divorce attorney if you can.  The 529 did exist prior to the divorce. The 529 was originally registered under her name, and I believe it still is. My dad has financially contributed to it, though I am under the impression that in asset distribution, the attorney could only ensure that the account ownership would be transferred to me at 25 and would otherwise remain in her name. Is there anything I can do to make this earlier? (Probably not) Assuming I can get her to transfer it, do you know where I can find info on how much will be taxed? I did not understand the tax implications discussed in the link attached Adding to my answer: Did the 529 exist prior to the divorce and did your dad contribute to it? If that is true there may be a chance it wasn't counted as "going to your mother" in the divorce when they were distributing the assets. If this is the case it seems (not a lawyer) like it wouldn't be kosher for her to deprive you of it. When the 529 accounts was set up, your mother was listed as the custodian. It is a vehicle that lets parents put away money before taxes for the benefit of their children. This money did not come from you, there is no benefit to a minor putting money into a 529 for themself. Your mother is custodian which means she decides how the money is paid out. She controls the 529 funds. She can take it for herself (paying taxes on it), she can use it to pay for a sibling's college, or she can use it to pay for some of your college costs. The thing is, all of this is up to her. If it's in your mother's name, it's her money. It has beneficial tax treatment if it's used for your (or your sibling's, or sometimes other close relative) qualified schooling, but she can ultimately do whatever she chooses with it.