 I work at a Caffé Nero and the tips are put in a pool. We are required to plug our weekly tips in the system and then all of them are deducted from our paychecks. Apparently most Caffé Nero’s do this. So how do they get away with this and is there anything substantial I can do to fight it?? Thanks in advance. I can't say for sure because I don't have access to your data. I doubt a large commercial chain is messing with a tip system as a class action lawsuit from all your employees is bankruptcy material, but other companies have done stupid things in the past. Sorry if I’m having trouble understanding, my coworkers seemed pissed about it. I mean I’m not losing anything but it’s not like I’m gaining anything either right? No based on your tone, you should talk to management and ask them to explain the tip out system so you understand it, because you don't seem to be grasping the explanation. If the are deducting for tips you've already received in cash, they aren't taking anything from you. They deduct that amount, otherwise you'd be getting double tips which you aren't entitled to. Tip pools certainly cause a good amount of confusion and animosity. It's best everyone participating in them at least has a clear understanding of how thier particular system works. For better or worse a pool ensures tips are divided evenly between employees. So basically, is it in my best interest to not waste my breath and just accept the weekly deductions without talking to management?  [removed] I'm not saying they slide around the pay when they want, just they are allowed to take out up to $7.25 if the employee is at or exceeds the amount it takes to get them to state minimum wage. If they exceed that they will not slide the pay lower, but they will take out the credit that they supplement the pay to guarantee the min. So from OP's perspective it looks like they are just deducting their pay, when they are actually taking back the credit they put forward to guarantee at least 11 per hour But they can't progressively slide the wage around to the employers benefit. The employee gets thier wage plus tips each week. The only instance that the wage changes is to the employees benefit, if thier tip credit falls short of $7.25. The employer can't deduct later weeks to make up for a previous shortfall. So none of this could create a situation where there is a deduction from the employees paycheck. You have to. Otherwise you are potentially stealing from the tip pool(getting a greater portion of tips then you'd be entitled too). You also have to pay income tax on the tip money. When you report it your employer deducts your taxes on a weekly basis. If you do not report the tips to your employer you still have to report them on your taxes yearly. yes, so what I was saying then Minimum wage is $11hr. So regardless of circumstance, employees must bring home at least $11hr. An employer can assign an hourly wage as little as $3.75 and use tips to make up the other $7.25. All tips go to the employee. If they make more than $7.25 in tips the employer can not adjust there wage so they only get $11hr. If they make less than $7.25 an hour in tips the employer must make up the difference so they receive $11hr. This is it...I work in a restaurant with similar system. The tips are added to your check to account for taxes and then deducted because you’ve already received them in cash.  I think I understand... so is it even worth it to claim these tips?  The alternative is they collect all cash tips so they can distribute them appropriately. There is a fair amount of flexibility as to how tips and tip pooling are handled. So long as the employer is not keeping any portion of the tips and all employees are getting their appropriate share of a tip pool, it's legal. Many workers may prefer how I described because it allows them to take home money each shift. If they collected all the cash tips, they'd hold cash tip money and distribute it with your weekly check. Like others have mentioned tipped minimum wage is $3.75. So, employers are legally allowed to deduct $7.25 per hour worked as a tip credit If you took home less than that averaged over the work week, they'd be required to pay you the actual base wage Not a lawyer (obviously) but when i just googled it the first thing that came up was "Massachusetts law allows employers to claim a tip credit. In 2015, employers must pay tipped employees at least $3.75 an hour. This means employers may take a tip credit of up to $7.25, as long as the employee's tips bring the total hourly wage up to $11." which seems to suggest they can do that. Edit: they can also do this in tip pooling, "Many states, including Massachusetts, allow employers to require tip pooling or “tipping out.” All employees subject to the pool have to chip in a portion of their tips, which are then divided among a group of employees. The employee must be able to keep at least the full minimum wage. (In other words, if the employer takes a tip credit, the employer can count only the tips the employee gets to take home against its minimum wage obligation.)" Source:  I think this is true. But doesn’t that make the “tips” I receive not tips at all? No that's not legal. The wage is agreed to before the hours are worked. The employer can not retroactively change wages. Tips are entirely the property of tipped employees. The employer can not keep any portion, except costs such as credit card processing fees on the tipped amount, so they could not use the tipped amount as part of wages. minimuim wage is a lot lower for tipped employees ($3.75 per hour). Could they be guaranteeing you normal minimum wage when the tips don't cover it, but progressively slide you down to tipped minimum wage when you have enough in tips to justify it? Anyone in these comments know if that's legal in MA? This still doesn't make sense. My guess is you are part of a tipping pool. That pool is divided between all tipped employees. You report how much income you have received in tips. The total between credit card tips and cash tips is calculated. Each employee is issued thier share of the tip pool. They subtract the amount you have already recived. Taxes are also deducted separately. I make 11 an hour which is like minimum wage here. But this still isn’t making sense to me. Exactly. We only get cash tips, and plug them into the system. Then they are deducted.  How? Are they just deducting the taxes? It's not uncommon for tipped employees to make so much in tips that their correctly calculated withholding zeroes out their base tipped wage.  Are your tips deducted from your hourly pay or are the taxes deducted from your check? I'm confused. You report what you made in tips and they reduce the amount of pay you would otherwise receive by the amount you received in tips?