 Hello, for context, I live in Wisconsin and this landlord has been uncooperative since we moved out, such as making us paying the entirety of an electric bill despite not living in the apartment for 19 days(More context about that, they ran up the electric bill $80 more in the time we did not live there). According to Tenants law in Wisconsin, the landlord has 21 days to return your deposit. At the time of writing this, my landlord is at 23 days and my deposit is still not here. I called and left a message stating they I would like a status update or I would take further steps. My landlord returned my call today and stated they are not in violation of the 21 day law as long as the check is dated correctly, I feel this is a lie to dissuade me from pursuing any further steps, as they claimed they mailed the check on 12/20. If I am incorrect about this, please tell me, otherwise I will be pursuing further steps such as filing complaints with Consumer protection and maybe speaking with a lawyer. When did your lease end? The Tenant Resource Center is also a good, free resource for Wisconsin tenants.  Thank you for your detailed reply.  I'm all for holding people accountable, but a judge is not going to give you treble damages when you have a check in hand. However, if you do not have it in hand by 7 days past due: File a small claim (do not pay a lawyer, usually there is a small claims office who can help you), ask for the maximum the law allows (not sure for WI, in CA it is treble damages) and court costs, cite the history of penny pinching as evidence of bad faith, and see what the judge says. Yes, I recognize it would be a small claims court. We had issues while living there, such as poor response time to issues that need immediate attention such as maintenance requests, extremely poor grounds keeping to the point a tree was leaning sideways and branches were touching mine and other tenants windshields, they were scheduling showings for our apartment with giving us any notification in advance. We kept our complaints to quiet mostly because we were warned by other tenants not to make waves or the property manager would "make our lives hell". I realize I should of made these complaints known in hindsight and that's on me. Yes, the first thing we did was forward our mail and leave them our forwarding address.  Postmark would govern, but really, you want to sue them over a day or two? Other than the $80 electric bill (which is actionable on its own), do you have any other complaints? Is there any reason to think they are doing it in bad faith? No lawyer is going to recommend suing them over this. If anything, this is a small claims case. Yeah this would be your proof. Did they have your forwarding address or did you have your mail forwarded? Will do, thank you for that, didn't even consider that. I'm assuming if it's dated 12/20/18, then they are not in violation, but if dated anything after the cut off, they are in violation. See what the date is on postmark from the post office. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.