 I've been babysitting for this woman for over 2 years now, about 6 months ago she asked if I could sell her older sons wrecked car for her because she was still making payments and needed to get money out of it. I told her that the car looked like it could be fixed easily and that I would buy the car from her if she would let me work it off with the money I make babysitting. She agreed and at 25 an hour and with a 3000 dollar car to pay off I worked 96 hours and then paid her 600 cash. This was in September that I paid for the car in full. Since then I worked more hours but she had yet to pay me for them and she would routinely dodge appointments we made to pick up the car from her mechanic. This went on until November when her father died. I understood she had alot to go through and gave her time and space I actually gave her 5 weeks before I asked her anything about the car. Yesterday she requested that I babysit and after we could tow my car to my mechanic to fix it but apon me asking about how many hours she's owes me and when she can get the pink slip she began to berate me for not understanding what she's going through. She told me she had 12 hours to pay me for and the because of my attitude she changed it to 6. She asked me to babysit on the 28 and then we could get my car but because of my attitude she won't be needing my help. This entire exchange that I had with her is in text messages and I have friends that also worked for her and understand the situation.  Nope. She can't retroactively change either the amount agreed as pay per hour, nor does she have the right to nullify hours worked for any reason; Your 'attitude' does not give her special dispensation just because she says so. Good. Keep this, and print them if possible (I am certain hard copies will be needed in the future). I do not see her making good on the agreement, she will likely continue to squeeze everything she can out of you. It's up to you whether or not to continue even speaking with her, but if you do, make a record of everything. She owes you for time worked above your agreement, and the car (for which you state you have already completed payment/ agreement). She's really only digging herself deeper. Look into what a small claims suit would require in your county/state, it's probably the best option at this point. IANAL. Take the advice of /u/UsuallySunny -- This should be your first step, and may help you avoid small claims.  If you're ready to take legal action, the first step is to send her a letter (not a text or email) stating that she owes you whatever she owes for the number hours of babysitting at whatever your hourly rate is, plus whatever you paid her for the car, or in the alternative, the car plus whatever else she owes. Give her a deadline (30 days, usually) to pay. If she doesn't, then you file in small claims court in your county for that amount. http://www.courts.ca.gov/selfhelp-smallclaims.htm Even if you win, collecting can still be a hassle, so it's better to work it out if you can.