 Suffice to say, it’s a huge hassle to not have running water. We pay money for the apartment to supply us with basic things and to find the water off really just puts a damper on life. No water? To the laundromat then for washing clothes, to a friend’s house to shower, to the store to buy bottled water for drinking and food. Plans have to be put off because we can’t do dishes right away, we can’t clean the toilets or bathtubs, and literally every other thing that requires water. The really big hit here is our time and not as much of the money (though that time could have been used for income activities versus basic survival). The apartment says they are not liable because of th government, but shouldn’t basic maintenance have caught this ahead of time? Isn’t any water shutoff for days and multiple buildings at a time endemic of the leasor failing to provide basic services? There are hundreds of apartments in dozens of buildings here, so it’s not just me affected. It’s potentially many people. Is there any chance of potential legal action getting through? Would it be worth it to seek a lawyer, or does California have the system setup to be too friendly to the corporations? The water utility or government entity required they do something. I would guess pipe damage or sewer damage, as several units in a building were damaged and had to be vacated with hazmat teams. This damage happened after the shut offs had been ongoing for a while though.  What do they mean by "it's the government"? This is a good detailed answer but let me add some info. The situation has been spread over the past 5 months. Of the printed documents I have, it starts in August and was happening even in the last week of November. It wasn’t every single day, nor every week, but it can be multiple times in a week. Does it sound like I’m still in the same situation even with this? Unfortunately if they are giving you advance notice of these outages and they're only lasting for eight hours or less, there may not be much you can do from a legal perspective. Plumbing systems do have to be repaired from time to time, and often the water has to be shut off to carry out those repairs. Some repairs or maintenance work may be complex and may take multiple visits over multiple days to complete. If the water were regularly out for more than 24 hours at a time, that might create an issue with habitability that could entitle you to deduct rent or request alternative habitable accommodations for the duration, but if it's only out for a matter of a few hours and is then restored the same day, that's probably not sufficient to render your unit uninhabitable. Speaking as someone who's lived in a complex with frequent plumbing issues and water outages, since the apartment complex is providing you with advance notice of the outages, I'd follow their suggestions and plan accordingly; wake up a bit earlier to take a shower (or shower the night before), keep some bottled water on hand for drinking, do your laundry and housecleaning on a different day, etc. Spend the day out somewhere with a restroom instead of at home, and if you do need to remain home, a bathtub full of water and a bucket will allow you to flush the toilet, at least. It can definitely be a pain in the ass, I know, and if it does continue to be an issue, you may want to consider looking elsewhere for accommodations, but it's possible that whatever work they're doing will fix their issues in the long term and they won't have as many outages in the future once it's all been completed. 