 I’ll keep it brief. About a month ago I bought a car from a dealership, I live in Texas. I put 1000 down, they had me sign all the paperwork, and I drove off the lot with the vehicle. About 2 weeks later they tell me I need to come by, so I mosey in. As it turns out, I had accepted another job in between getting the car, and going back to the dealership. Well, come to find out, they never finalized the loan, and now since I was between jobs they couldn’t verify employment even though I had a letter on my new companies letterhead stating Title, Start Date, and Pay Rate. So naturally they took the car back, but said they wouldn’t sell it as long as they had my 1000 down. Well I buy a car from another dealership and ask for my money back, and they’re trying to tell me they are going to charge me .25 cents a mile for the time I had it. I will admit I need to reread my contract, because I don’t recall seeing it upon first review, but does this type of thing sound normal? I’m willing to spend the money to hire a lawyer even if it cost more than what I would be fighting to get back, just on principle. I’m not saying this in a dickish way, but how is there no case, it’s not in my contract. I don’t think any attorney would take this case. There’s no case here. Seems like the dealership is being very reasonable.  See, I feel the opposite, I feel like they waisted my time by letting me drive away without having a finalized contract. I left the dealership on a Tuesday at 4pm, how it wasn’t finalized either that day or the next is baffling. I’ve spoken to a couple of finance managers at different dealerships who seem to think it’s absurd as well. I think the onus is on the dealership to make sure the loan is finalized before handing me the keys. I would’ve been fine waiting a few days for them to get it hung, but they were in such a hurry to make the sale, they rushed it out the door while allowing me to believe it was a done deal. Very misleading. I think that sounds reasonable 25c a mile, you have effectively had a car for free adding a bit of wear and tear and wasting their time which costs money. Obviously you should check the contract thoroughly, you may be able to get out of it.