 We had a collision while skiing in Vermont, the injured party seriously hurt his knee and believes I was at fault. I had no insurance and it has been made clear that I am basically poor. My lawyer has spoken to his lawyer about trying to come to some agreement basically stating that, this process will burn up my savings in a hurry and leave nothing for him anyway. Which is honestly true. His lawyer more or less told my lawyer that his client (the injured party) has more money than god and actually just wants to come after me, that this is purely emotional for him. His lawyer said the guy is kind of an asshole. So we are now trying to come up with a number to offer him, because i legitimately can't afford this to drag on for the next year. My modest savings is already taking a hit. But I dont know how offering him anything is going to satisfy him, knowing that he has millions already. I guess I'm just wondering other peoples thoughts, It's a shitty situation for everyone and I totally get why the guy hates me. I would love for this to get to the point of trial because I do not believe I was entirely at fault. But like I said, financially that would also drain me. It's just weird knowing that my money is basically worthless to him. I guess I'm not sure what you mean here, isn't that what this whole process of going to trial essentially is? How do I argue that? We have already responded to the lawsuit denying all his claims. unfortunately the process of arguing that is going to cost me some money, they've started a fairly drawn out "discovery phase". Which is why we're trying to just head the whole thing off. What does the other party want from you in their claim? If you really are judgement-proof (you have no assets) then you don't necessarily need to defend the case. Also, the other attorney's actions might be an ethics violation if he said that the purpose of the lawsuit is to harass you. What does your lawyer suggest? If you don’t think you were at fault or there was mutual fault you should be arguing that. Not just jumping to compensation.