 I'm a minor. My school tried to make me unlock my phone so they could look through it, and obviously I declined. Obviously theyre not aloud to do this right? Wouldn't they need a warrant? I'm asking cuz i know they normally would but high schools get some wonky exceptions when it comes to phones..  That’s really interesting! Thanks  I think this has been established in CA, but the courts ruled that Fingerprint ID and FaceID in a phone can be used to unlock a phone without a warrant due to the fact that it’s a physical part of you and not something that you can hide from the public. Whereas a Passcode is something in your head and they cannot force you to use that knowledge to unlock the phone. They would need a warrant for that.  This is not entirely correct. While the in loco parentis doctrine gives k-12 schools substantial leeway in their operations, public schools cannot leave behind their obligations as state actors when using such discretionary actions. The Supreme Court took this up with a 4th Amendment issue in particular in [New Jersey v. T.L.O.](). While ultimately, the Court determined that the rationale for the search in question was reasonable, however in regards to "the question [of] whether that Amendment's prohibition on unreasonable searches and seizures applies to searches conducted by public school officials. We hold that it does." New Jersey v. T.L.O., 469 U.S. 325, 333 (1985) A few states have fairly recently adopted very specific statutes on this exact issue, [California for instance](=201520160SB178). However, Minnesota does not appear to be among their number, so the "reasonableness" standard is most applicable here. The school could very likely meet that standard if admins suspect material on your phone is related to something that is disrupting the educational environment. Fingerprints are like DNA. A warrant can make you unlock your phone whereas since a code is knowledge they can't make you unlock your phone.  im curious, why a lock code instead of fingerprint? I wouldn’t think so. If you have a finger print or Face ID on there, remove it and keep a lock code on it. Also don’t keep your phone in your locker, keep it on your person. If it’s in your locker, and they search your locker, they might take it and try to unlock it themselves. If it’s on your person, you can deny them taking it from you. Or even better yet, keep your phone at home until this blows over. Will suck, but will be better than having them dig around your phone. If the school wants to unlock your phone, tell them they need a warrant to do so. Without one, tell them to fuck off. They might try to give you detention or suspend you, but they don’t have rights to unlock your phone.  Schools have different rules than the police, because they can act in place of the parents.  Allowed It’s your personal property and within your rights to say “nope”. I also don’t live in Minnesota.  Yes a school can ask to see the contents of your phone and punish you for not cooperating. They're acting as guardian in loco parentis here, not as an agent of the state. White girl said N word on video, video got leaked, white girl in damage control trying to say that (I didn't do any of this for the record) I leaked the video and somehow faked the video. Shes basically trying to gain sympathy and spin everyones anger over to me, and the schools siding with her. I don't think police officers are even allowed to do that, iirc it's only if you're under arrest What was the context of the request?