 Long story short, I would like to file for divorce. I will have been married 3 years come July. I live in Maine. We have a mortgage, two young children (3M 1F) and all shared accounts and debts. Is there anything I should do prior to filing? My mother-in-law is a secretary for one of the best divorce lawyers in the state. She will be getting representation, likely pro bono, from better than I can afford. My primary concern is paying as little as possible in child support, or alimony. Not seeing my children is not much of a concern for me, as I am the one doing everything as far as their care. She may fight for them only too save face or hurt me, and if she got them would likely pawn them off on me all the time anyway. I would like to sell the house, the profit should be enough to clear most if not all shared debt. Please advise. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.  : Let me rephrase. You told OP to lie about who he is to deceive a lawyer who might be willing to work for someone who we have no clue what payment arrangement they are making solely to "knock him out of representing either party." That's not helping OP get representation, that's just trying to screw over OP's wife and doing something shitty like that can have a tendency to backfire and make something that's already heated much more heated. OP is a whole hell of a lot better off just going and getting his own attorney than trying to get into a pissing match with someone with much more experience. Not to mention your hare brained scheme probably isn't going to even get that fair if her mom works as the secretary for the firm. Guess who answers the phone, makes the appointments, and greets the people who come through the door and asks them why they're there? The secretary.  Don't advise OP to be an ass. If someone did that to me, that person would be on my shit list permanently and I'd never represent them for anything in the future. Lawyers hate people who "lawyer shop" just to try to conflict out representation. You're screwing with our livelihood and the client's choice of representation. On top of pissing off the lawyer, it just starts the divorce off on a contentious note too.  Alimony is unlikely and child support is established pursuant to guidelines that consider income and relative custody times. Speak to a few family law attorneys and get a consultation. You need a divorce attorney. Manage your expectations in terms of child support and parenting time. 50/50 is the usual default and that usually involves someone paying the other something. Alimony may not be a concern since you weren't married long. 