 I had the misfortune of living with a complete psycho girl. We signed one lease jointly. She always seemed aggravated and would curse at my cat and it was just overall uncomfortable living there. When I said I wanted to separate as roommates and for me to find a replacement she went berserk and started texting me hostile and insulting things for the entire month of November. At all hours of the day and night. Saying things like I owe her money for my cat scratching her couch and that he is a fucking disgusting aggravating animal and that she should have let him run away. She sabotaged every attempt I made to find a replacement for me or her and would say things like you can’t show the apt to someone when I’m not there because you might go into my room and steal things. When I got home from thanksgiving vacation she had messaged posted to the walls of the apt to me that said things like “wash dishes turn up ac put cat in room 24/7 don’t let cat on couch put cat in room before leaving “At the end of the month it got really bad and I told her I’m sorry I can’t allow you to treat me this way and that I was blocking her number. I asked her never to contact me again. She immediately started calling from other numbers and drove over to the apt to bang on my bedroom door. She wouldn’t stop. I tried to leave the apt and she blocked the doorway. She started saying things like I was on drugs and I want to kill her, and that she would turn off the power. i called the police so I could leave my apartment and I forfeited my security deposit, paid all December rent and moved out the next day. She said she had found a roommate before this but she apparently terminated the lease when she found out I moved out and did not attempt to move in with anyone else because she just wants to make my life a living hell. After that she started calling my workplace, coming to my home to harass my parents and sent me tons of letters, she was messaging everyone on Facebook saying I owe her termination fees. She made fake Facebook accounts named “pay me sarah” and was commenting on all my posts and tagging me in everything saying I owe her money. I got a civil restraining order against her. Her defense at the hearing was that “I am on heroin and admitted to it” she had no evidence of that and it is a complete lie. Now the apartment turned the debt over to a collection agency. They want around $2000. I don’t think it would be fair for me to have to pay because I was basically forced out. Advice on what to do?  And the duty to mitigate their losses applies to them billing you for future rent on the lease. It does not apply to fees that are in the lease.  They likely have, otherwise they would be demanding that you continue paying rent until the end of your lease or until a new tenant moved in. You were on the lease and you are jointly responsible for the rent. The landlord didn't do anything to you and he is entitled to be paid.