 My husband's company let the employees know several months ago that they would be paying a $1,200 Christmas bonus to all employees due to the fact that work is picking up within the company and everyone has been expected to work harder, take on more hours, etc. Per the paper they sent out regarding the bonus it was to be paid with their check on 12/21 (for the pay period of 12/9-12/15) and overtime was to be calculated on the bonus amount. We were confused by that so I looked up what it meant and read about how the bonus is calculated into the regular rate of pay so therefore that would make overtime pay significantly higher for a bonus of that size. (Hopefully I understood that right). Now, all of the sudden, they are paying the bonus in a separate check and when my husband received his pay stub today for tomorrow's check his overtime was at the normal rate. Did we totally misunderstand or are they shorting him on the overtime rate he is owed? Let me know if I can expand any more, I don't know what information might be the most helpful.  Well, it looks like it was an error. The person who wrote the letter didn't tell the person who ran payroll to use the different rate. Maybe ask about it but spin it like that? $200 is $200, and I think you are entitled to it. I understand your point, but it is a \~$200 difference if my calculations are correct as my husband worked over 20 hours of overtime, and I know several of his coworkers purposely put in more hours last week to try to take advantage of the fact that the overtime rate should have been higher (and was basically advertised to have been higher by the company sending out a paper stating "overtime will be calculated on the bonus amount") so maybe it's more the principle of it than anything, just doesn't seem right...  Apologies, I was wrong, my comments were wrong. They are related. I do think that this is a discretionary bonus and you are entitled to a larger OT rate, however, it will make you seem like a cheap bastard to ask for the difference. Is it worth it? Yes, I understand the difference between bonus and overtime. I do believe they are connected in this case because of the following link I found when I googled the statement about overtime being paid on the bonus amount. For purposes of calculating overtime pay, section 7(e) of the FLSA provides that non-discretionary bonuses must be included in the regular rate of pay. [%20Examples%20final.htm](%20Examples%20final.htm)  Then why did the paper state “overtime will be calculated based on the bonus amount”? [removed] Per this definition it appears to be non-discretionary.  Likely depends on whether the bonus was discretionary or non-discretionary: [\_Tutorial/media/OT%20Examples%20Final.htm](%20Examples%20Final.htm)