 Last weekend, me and my long-distance girlfriend got into a fight and I spent this entire past week feeling really bad about it. I live in New York City and she lives in Philadelphia, so yesterday I made the nearly two hour drive to Philly to go and offer an apology. I got to my girlfriend's house and lucky for me, her parents didn't appear to be home. She answered the door and I immediately began apologizing for fighting with her and storming out and away from her, but she wasn't having it. She called me "immature" and she said that we're done as a couple. But she did offer me one last hug and I went for it. She sent me on my way and I really didn't feel like making the two hour drive back to NYC, so I decided to just get a hotel. But when I went to check in, I realized that the wad of cash in my jacket pocket was gone and I knew what happened: The hug. My ex knows that I have a habit of keeping cash in my pocket as opposed to keeping it in my wallet (it was a source of many inside jokes between us) and I knew she took it. I drove back to their house and this time her parents were home. I went to the front door and this time her dad answered. I explained what I was doing there and that his daughter had stolen my money. But he simply said "It's our money now." He explained that I owed them that money anyway for damages done to their kitchen from the fight last weekend. He said that he wasn't giving back the cash and he warned me to leave or he'll report me for trespassing. I yelled "Fine! Call the cops and I'll explain to them that you stole from me!" I wasn't leaving until I got my money and after a few minutes of waiting on their front porch, the dad opens up the door and splashes a bucket of cold water on me. At this time of year, nights are freezing in Philly and they're bad enough without cold water on every inch of your body. I was freezing and my first concern was getting in my car and turning the heat on full blast. But while I was sitting in my car and getting ready to call the cops myself, her dad comes out of nowhere, pulls open my door and rips my phone right out of my hand. He says that it's his phone now and that there's no way that I'm calling the cops on him. At that point, I just ran at him, tackled him to the ground and fought to get my phone back. We were both fighting and he was yelling at his wife to call the cops. We both connected a few punches to one another and I managed to get my phone back, but I saw his wife on the phone and she clearly said "I want to report someone trespassing at our home." I got in my car and drove off, but the dad was following close behind me in his car. I had to stop at a red light and he pulled up right behind me and I could see him holding up his phone, taking pictures of my license plate and car. I ended up losing him when I sped through a yellow light and he got stuck at a red and I checked into the closest hotel, but I didn't get any sleep. I stayed up all night looking out the window into the parking lot and I knew that I was screwed. I had told my ex that I was going to get a hotel for the night after I first went to their home and she probably told her dad that that's where I was staying. And of course, it was the hotel that was closest to their neighborhood and I knew that it was only a matter of time before her dad came looking here, which is exactly what he did. Later that night, I saw a car that looked like his and a figure came out of the car and was holding up his phone while looking at the many cars parked in the area. It was too dark to make out the figure, but I was dead sure it was my ex's dad. He ends up finding my car and stands near it while talking on his phone, so I knew that I needed to move. I packed my stuff, told the front desk that I needed to check out for an emergency, and I just ran like hell to my car. I got in and started it up without her dad even noticing and I just drove off without looking back. I made the nearly two hour drive back home to NYC and my current situation is worrying what her dad can do to me. He has photos of my car and license plate and I'm sure he's made the police aware of this. But I'm thinking that I might be off the hook since they stole from me first and I was at their house to reclaim my property. And also, I'm not in the Philly PD's jurisdiction, right? Surely there are some rules regarding different states? What are the rules of jurisdiction here? And what kind of trouble could I be in? How do I deal with this whole situation?