 Long story short I [22m] was seeing a girl [18f] for a couple months in Alberta and for the holidays she went to Ontario for family. Then apparently I find out she has a long term boyfriend, when he finds out she was sleeping with me, he confronts her. This is where she says I raped her. Now, I have every text, every snapchat, every picture etc all saved proving otherwise, and even have her roommate corroborating my account. On top of all this, she agreed to make a video with me one time we had sex, again showing consent. Faced with all this evidence she is now saying I forced her to make the video and was using it to blackmail her. This did not happen and there is zero evidence for this in any communications between us. She and her boyfriend have now blocked me on social media, and her boyfriend (who was contacting me on instagram where he told me she said I raped her) blocked me there as well causing the conversation to disappear. I do have some screenshots from it though where he tells me the accusation. I understand that if I do get charged or arrested, I say nothing and it should be a slam dunk defence for an attorney to make but I'm hoping it never gets to court for obvious social reasons. Do I have any grounds for a defamation lawsuit if I find out she's been spreading rumors about this? I know it falls under the law for that (accusations of a crime) but what's the burden of proof for something like this since sexual assault is a touchy subject? Yeah, stop sending that to people. Best advice? Shut up. Cut all contact with her and stop talking about this to anyone other than your lawyer.  Not the video itself but screenshots of conversation where she says she enjoys sleeping with me. [removed] No amount of documentation can prove you didn't rape someone. Even the video is not proof you did not at some point sexually assault this person. When people are overly confident in their criminal case, they often start to make mistakes. I am concerned about what you mean with regards to "faced with all the evidence" directly after speaking of the video. You didn't send that to anyone, did you? You should not talk to anyone about this. If you begin to suffer damages such as losing jobs or being barred from clubs and activities, then you should consider consultation with a defamation specialist, but until then, radio silence to anyone and everyone about this issue. 