 I'm not the homeowner or the main lessee. But I am the main breadwinner of the family. My dad hasn't worked in 20 years, has a suspended license, and is a regular drug user. Like not just weed, but coke and heroin too. I've begged my mom since I was a kid to just leave him. But she'd always turned a blind eye to his abuse. Her logic is that, because he has nowhere else to go, that we would be held legally and morally responsible if anything happened to him while living in homelessness. Yet she also says she hates him and wouldn't care if he died. She contradicts herself by being so unwilling to take action against him. What makes this complicated is, even though I don't drink or do any hard drugs, I still smoke weed and live in an illegal state. (Indiana) So having the police show up during one of his rampages will likely also end with me having a possession charge because they will suspect everyone involved. If it's done civilly, like through an eviction, where they just come knock on the door and help keep him in line while I gather his belongings together, it will work out for the better. Maybe even direct him to a homeless shelter, just to put my mother at ease. Is any of this possible? I know my mom will be heavily against it, no matter what course of action I take. She wants to wait until we move and just leave him behind. But because of how she feels about leaving him homeless, I doubt she will make good on that promise. So, y'all lied to defraud someone. Depending on the language of the lease, this fact could be a breach of the lease contract. If so, the LL could give y'all the requisite notice to cure (pay the extra money you owe) or require you to leave. If you don't, then the LL could file an action in the local magistrate court to pursue an eviction. IF the judge sides with the LL, everyone will be required to vacate the property, but the eviction goes on yours and your mom's records, making renting in the future very difficult. As the leaseholders, you and your mom would have to go through all of the legal hoops to get your dad evicted. This entails written notice served on him, and if he doesn't leave, filing an eviction with the court. It is very likely your LL will find out about the fraud at some point during this process. Regarding your mom and dad, as you already know, you cannot force her to get a divorce or do anything. Further, annulments are rare. There are specific requirements one must show to get a marriage annulled. Basically, your mom would have to prove that the marriage was void from the beginning, or is voidable. You can search online to see what is required. It is probably most likely your mother would have to go through with a regular divorce (not an annulment). In addition, generally, if she buys a house while married, using money she earns during the marriage, then that house will be marital property. Therefore, your dad will have an ownership interest in the house in a divorce proceeding, even if his name is not on the deed or mortgage. As for you, stop breaking the law so you won't be afraid of calling the police if necessary. Even if the police arrest your dad for domestic violence, many times, this is a temporary fix unless he is jailed for a long time. The police can't enforce your wishes on a purely domestic issue, especially since you have no legal claim to the residence (you're just a regular occupant) and no laws are being broken. Start saving money, even if it's just a little at a time. Once you have enough, rent/lease a place in your name, and move you and your mother in to it. If he tries to move in or otherwise shows up, have him trespassed. Why is it that you believe you can just call the police and have him removed? You cannot. Since you and your mom's name are on the lease, you'd both have to evict him but the problem is that this is the marital home. If she wants to do anything she needs to file for divorce and then agree to evict him. You have no power to get him out of the house.  We rent from a landlord. My mom said she was divorced in order to have a lower security deposit. (We wouldn't have been able to afford it otherwise.) I've showed her that it's possible to get a divorce without all the laywers and legal fighting. (Basically like an annulment.) But she's refused the idea. She wants to own a home too someday, but doesn't believe me that my dad will try to borrow money against it and cause us to lose it to foreclosure if she doesn't break the marriage first. I'm trying to put an end to what was basically 30 years of living hell and she's dragging her feet when I tell her she needs to do her part if she wants it to end too once and for all. But I can't just leave her with him either. She's said she doesn't want him in her life anymore, yet she does nothing about it and doesn't want me handling it either. Mine and my mother's name is on the lease, his isn't. She lied about being married in order to have a lower security deposit. I pay the rent and most of the bills, so moving out would mean gathering the money together for another down payment would result in utilities being shut off and repo companies coming to take our only car. I would also have to find a roommate to help cover remaning expenses like food and stuff, and given that I live near Gary and East Chicago in Indiana, that's a very huge risk to take. I still also have to take care of my mother too. Maybe eviction isn't the best way to describe it. But if you call the police to have someone removed from your home, like does it HAVE to be when all the tension cumulates and blows up in your face? Can't it be done when things are calm so it wont result in bullets flying through my walls? None of that is how any of this works, especially not eviction. Whose name is on the lease and are your parents legally married? You basically can't make your mother do anything and your best bet is moving out.  Who owns the house? Are your parents married? If your parents own the house jointly, or are on the lease jointly, you are not able to evict him shy of your mom divorcing him and getting the property in the divorce. Unless the person is in the midst of domestic violence, the police are not going to show up and it's escort him off his own property. The best advice would be for you to leave. If your mom won't come with you, that's her decision. Take care of yourself first Shy of that, if you're worried about getting a possession citation, just get rid of your weed and paraphernalia for a while so that you can call the cops when he goes off No. You have no legal ability to evict him. You are not his landlord. All you can do is stop breaking the law yourself and call the police to help enforce the law. You can also move out assuming you are an adult Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.