 The story is length, but in a nutshell, my friend served his sentence for the crimes he had committed, bank robbery, and while incarcerated for a parole violation (quite serious, sentencing of a year) he was threatened harm and forced to wound another inmate. He had his hearing in the state of California. So much was done wrong, from the judge denying the victims statement in support of my friend, to also disallowing the testimony of the Psychiatrist assigned to my friend. I have copious amounts of paperwork and he does have a lawyer but he is hesitant to have his parents pay anymore towards his legal case. He had been incarcerated for quite some time and had gotten out and was well on his way to reintegrating into society when this judge decided he would render the most severe sentence possible. We are trying to do as much as we can to help him, from raising money to legal advice from anyone willing. Rule 8. Stay or Injunction Pending Appeal (a) Motion for Stay. (1) Initial Motion in the District Court. A party must ordinarily move first in the district court for the following relief: (A) a stay of the judgment or order of a district court pending appeal; (B) approval of a bond or other security provided to obtain a stay of judgement; or (C) an order suspending, modifying, restoring, or granting an injunction while an appeal is pending. Does anyone know where we would start with this? Is this something that would really only be achievable with a lawyer? Any advice? I gotcha, and typically you'd need to do that in the sentencing court, at the time of sentencing. If the judge has already rendered sentence you're going to have problems getting a stay of judgment (since judgment has already occurred). I can't tell you that; it depends on many factors. Good appellate specialists aren't cheap. In the bay area or LA, they can easily cost $800+ an hour. We were looking to rehire his original attorney that defended him on the case. Would that be advisable, or find one who specializes in appeals? In appellate criminal defense and postconviction relief? Yes, of course there are. So there are lawyers that specialize in this specific thing???! Appellate and postconviction relief is one of the most specialized areas of criminal law. He simply cannot proceed without a lawyer. He might as well try to wish himself out of prison. The appeal has been filed. We’re trying to use Rule 8 so he can be released pending the appeal. Does that make sense? Trying to do this without a lawyer is about the same as trying to do a surgery without a doctor. You definitely need one. For one thing, the notice of appeal had to be filed within 30-60 days of the judgment (depending on whether it was a felony or misdemeanor) and if we’re past that deadline, you have almost certainly forfeited any chance of appeal. But yes, you 100% need a lawyer. Only a lawyer will be able to identify what is actually proper grounds for appeal in this case. If you don’t have the money (and haven’t missed the deadline) a lawyer can be appointed for appeal to represent your friend at low or no cost. Tell him you posted this and the advice you got was "Won't give advice, anyone but his attorney results in more prison for him." That’s what I assumed but I’m not sure how to go about getting him to agree to that. His parents have spent quite a significant amount of money on his legal team over the years and he feels like he shouldn’t ask them for that help anymore.  If anyone other than his attorney is at the helm of legal decision making or strategy, he will lose. He is facing a lot of years in prison, and as such, money is going to have to be spent on legal representation. 