 My niece is an 18 year old senior in high school. Let's call her Katie. This took place a week ago outside of San Francisco, California. Her mother is in PA, but she is currently living with her Uncle. The high school she attends had a clinic which is an external vendor that operates in the school which was doing procedures for a birth control implant. She went in to the clinic for a different reason but while she was there she became aware of the procedure and was offered to have it done. After being told what the procedure entails, Katie wanted it done. The nurse told her that it was really simple and there was nothing to worry about because she would not mess it up. The only document she signed was an acknowledgment that she understood what the procedure entailed and consented to it being performed on her. After receiving three vials worth of an injection, they made a small incision in her arm which the nurse said would not hurt. She reacted to the pain, so the nurses said maybe they just had to wait a few more minutes for the numbing agent to kick in. Suddenly she started feeling extremely distraught and lost her sight. Her eyes were open but she could not see anything. She began screaming in worry and started having palpitations. She asked the nurse to call her mother (whom she put down as an emergency contact) and uncle (her current guardian). The nurse refused and instead called an ambulance. After the ambulance call, the nurse still did not contact either her mother or uncle. She was carried to the ER where she was examined and given something to help get the adrenaline out of her body. It turns out she was given 10x the normal dose of adrenaline for her weight and was basically seizing as a result. It was only after the ER called Katie's mother that anyone was contacted regarding what happened. She never signed anything telling them not to contact anyone incase of an issue. Is there a case here? Yes, my apologies. I had not fully woken up and I'm quite dumb without caffeine. ETA: Many would argue I'm quite dumb even with caffeine. Hence the 1% epi in lidocaine i specifically mentioned You're right. I had not had my coffee yet. Which I assume is why the poster mentioned lido w/1% epi. Except that epi is frequently combined with local anesthetics as it acts as a vasoconstrictor which both minimizes bleeding and acts to keep the numbing agents localized. Op you need to answer some of the questions here because your story does not make sense. A lawsuit of any value requires harm to have resulted. I'm hoping everything is ok now? Ie no lasting harm? Hurt feelings and upset at how things were handled make a valid complaint but a rubbish lawsuit. It’s very common in dental anesthetic.  Normally I'd say "Medical malpractice is fact specific, please contact a lawyer to see if you have a case". However from a medical standpoint your course of events doesn't make really much of any medical sense. You're getting a second or third hand account from a source that was obviously in distress. I'd get more first hand information.  Absolutely not. This story makes no medical sense. OP has omitted or flat out has tons of things wrong. She is 18, the nurse called an ambulance first because that is the right thing to do. Do the medical records from the hospital show that this was caused by an OD of adrenaline? Talk to a real lawyer not reddit.  Dentist here, this is good advice. Epi is normally contained in preloaded delivery units like epi pens or in breakable glass vials, lidocaine is normally contained in glass carpules so they are not easy to mix up by accident. I would agree with the above advice track down the medical record because if your niece has an allergy to lidocaine it is very important to know as that is normally the go to anesthetic for most doctors and dentists.  Using epi with lidocaine is commonly done, as it causes local vasoconstriction that prevents bleeding during the procedure. How they determined "10x" was administered, I'm not sure, and I'm not sure how much of a systemic effect this local injection would even have. Sounds more like panic attack. None of this story makes any of the slightest medical sense. I think you need to find a way to obtain a more accurate account of what actually happened. 1. Epinephrine (adrenaline) wouldnt be given for a nexplanon/BC implant. Its not used for local or any other anesthesia. The most likely occurance was she got lidocaine with 1% epinephrine for local anesthesia, but this wont affect the entire body in any way. It just numbs the skin 2. It honestly sounds like your niece had a full panic attack (yes including the blindness). Palpitations, fear, a clear trigger (getting your skin cut open) 3. None of the medications or events thusfar described would cause a seizure. I think she most likely was very shaky / tremulous? Again sounds like a panic attack 4. There isnt any medication or procedure used to "get the adrenaline out of her body". I would place a bet they probably gave her a xanax. Again though, more info would be needed. 5. She is an adult. Nurse made the right call to get an ambulance given what was going on. There is no medical legal obligation to contact the emergency contact, though it probably would have been a good idea in its own right. I'd recommend getting a copy of the ED summary note. Was she even admitted to the hospital? Sounds like not, and that she was sent home. All that further fits with a panic attack, because no ED physician is sending someone home from the ED if they had true acute loss of vision. Its going to be hard to win any real malpractice with that kind of outcome if she was sent home after the ED. If you do get anything, the cost and time litigating would likely not make what would be a small settlement worth it. Who is this information coming from? A 10X dose for what? Cardiac arrest? I’ve given that much during a lengthy code blue, the heart pretty much quivers at that point. I suspect 10mg of epinephrine given subcutaneously would cause at the least tissue death at the injection site, and she’d need skin grafts. As previously mentioned, the numbing agent typically has epinephrine in it to reduce bleeding during a procedure. Someone needs to review the records, a med mal lawyer would be a good idea, but from what you’ve posted, the story really doesn’t add up, sorry. I had a procedure done and they injected the mixture, it wasn’t topical. I only know they put epinephrine in it because the nurse said they do to stop the bleeding and that’s why I was feeling the way I was. When I had a procedure, they put epinephrine in the lidocaine shot. It makes it so you don’t bleed as much. I had a mole removed at the dermatologist's office. They used an injection of lidocaine and epinephrine to numb the area. I did start to get light headed after the injection, and was told this is a common side effect of the Epi. They did not mention tetracaine, so I don't think it was the LET combination you are talking about. I would not be surprised at all if OP's niece had the same injection I had for her procedure. Or at least what she was supposed to have and perhaps it was mixed incorrectly resulting in the alleged 10x dose of Epi. As an aside, due to a nut allergy I am prescribed an epi pen. I now tell people that know about the epi pen that I've had a near-fainting reaction to epinephrine before, so be aware that it may happen if they need to administer the epi pen in the event that I'm unable to do so myself. Isn't it typically injected in dental procedures? [deleted] I mean, someone starts seizing in your clinic, it is fairly reasonable to call an ambulance first, and any contacts second.  I’m wondering did she have an adverse reaction to the numbing agent then was given epinephrine to combat the allergic reaction and since all of this was happening the kid got the details wrong  Follow-up, adrenaline is more commonly known as epinephrine in the U.S. (aka what's in an epi-pen). That would never be used as a numbing agent. It'd only be used if she went into anaphylaxis as a result of a bad reaction to a local anaesthetic. Double check your drug names (or get a copy of the patient records) before you go anywhere I guess I am missing the part of the story how you determined she was accidentally injected with adrenaline, which would be a pretty significant difference from lidocaine, which is what would typically be injected for this procedure to numb the injection site. The clinical signs you describe are a typical, but rare, adverse reaction to lidocaine. How was the overdose of the numbing agent (the 10X dose) determined? Did the nurse record this or confess to it?  The girl might be a legal adult, but the school’s policies almost certainly still require the nurse to notify parents of medical emergencies. OP should follow up with the Principal and/or the district office. [removed] Malpractice of any kind is very fact specific and it is unfortunately beyond the scope of this subreddit. If this is a medical question, it is highly recommended to speak with a medical malpractice attorney; your state's bar may be able to refer you to one. They typically work on contingency, meaning there is little up front cost to you. Similarly, consultations are typically free. It wouldn't hurt to meet with one, have them look over your info, and go from there. If this is a question about legal malpractice, you should seek the advice of a second unrelated attorney and/or report the matter to your state bar association" I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. Statute of limitations in this area is in the span of years, so there is no immediate rush Then speak with a medical malpractice attorney in California, initial consultations are low-cost or free. They will typically take cases on contingency, meaning the fees are only taken out from the award/settlement, and nothing is owed if you win. Whether or not it's worth taking (in their eyes), will depend on the damages owed as well as the strength of the case. HIPAA actually works the other way around in the general sense. Covered entities (like the ER) are however [allowed]() to contact family that they are providing care when it is determined to be in the patient's best interest and they do not object Yes - you could demand that the vendor in question pay the ER bill. Do the ER records show for sure that the cause was overdose of adrenalin? She is an adult and HIPAA applies. She can speak to a medical malpractice attorney about her legal options. medical malpractice possibly I'm unclear why the focus is on not calling am emergency contact. Even if the contact showed up the second she was requested to show up the outcome would have been the same. If she had damages, including medical bills, it may make sense to pursue a malpractice claim. She should speak to a few different lawyers. A case for what? Asking the school to do better with notification next time? Absolutely.