 I fully expect derision for this question, but I'm going to ask anyway. My husband and I bought a home, and are wondering if we should pursue legal action over the seller's failure to disclose major problems. The thing is, the home inspector found some evidence of these problems, though he was not able to ascertain their full extent. The longer story is below. My husband and I bought an old house with quite a few dormers on the back and front of the house. The owner's real estate agent, whom we considered a casual friend, had approached us and told us we needed to see this great house. We did not yet have an agent of our own, and we ended up not getting one. The agent emphasized that "deferred maintenance" was not a problem with this home, and that the owners had been both wealthy and fastidious. One had passed away, and the remaining owner, we were told, was ready to sell; for this reason we were getting "the deal of the century." The agent showed us a place on the ceiling, under a dormer, where there had been a leak, but told us they had had it fixed. We look at the disclosure statement, and the surviving owner had specified that there were no leaks. The home inspector came along and told us that there were signs of past leaking at every dormer, and that the leaks might still be active. He couldn't get a good look at the underside of the roof, because the owners had stapled up this reflective silver stuff, completely concealing the insulation. He told us we probably should get new flashing. We did not consult an expert for an estimate of the cost (huge mistake). Because the house is beautiful, and blah, blah, blah, we bought the house. Just before the closing the agent told us that there was a little oddity about this closing. The house had actually been in the care of a trust ever since one of the owners had died, and thus it had been managed by a group of financial advisors for several years. We might have asked at that point why the spouse of the deceased had filled out the disclosure statement, instead of this group of financial advisors, but we didn't. A few months after the closing the two-year drought ended, and our region entered an epoch of rain not seen since the days of Noah. Leaks appeared all over the place. Plaster fell from the ceiling. Water ran down the wall of a bedroom. We met a man who used to do work on the house, before and after the trust took over, and he told us that it had had big roof problems for years and years, and that the advisors managing the house had brought roofers out to look at the dormers, but that their "bandaid" methods, couldn't fix the problem. He told us that the roof had been put on by a fly-by-night company and the couple had regretted using them. Even after telling us all of this, he let us know that he still worked for the surviving owner at her new home, and that he felt a lot of loyalty to her. (I couldn't tell if he was having fun letting us know all of this.) Recently I went into the attic and ripped some of the shiny silver junk back to find the blackest of black mold in the insulation. A copper craftsman tells me the (many) dormers probably need to be completely recovered in copper. The roofer tells me that corners were skipped everywhere and lots of mistakes made, so the entire roof needs to be redone. Who knows what the decking will look like. I'm guessing we will need new insulation, and this attic is big. This job may cost a fourth of our previous home's value. So there you have it. We were given some warnings by the inspector, but we listened most to the agent and to the previous owner. It hurts to be dumb, but, would we have any chance of sympathy from the legal system should we sue? And would we be suing the financial advisors, or the surviving owner? Thanks for reading this long thing, and thanks in advance for your advice.  Thanks for your response. I take your point that the owners might not have known that repairs had failed if it wasn't raining a lot. I also did not mean to give the impression that the previous owners had implemented a lot of repairs. I think the agent talked up their maintenance efforts. The workman whom we met after the purchase described the financial advisors' "repair" efforts as the bare minimum. According to him they knew their efforts had failed, and the copper craftsman has told us that they used bad patch methods which actually made future repair almost impossible. That's why we'll probably need to pay to have them re-covered in copper.The silver papery stuff all over the attic interior worked to conceal the extent of the leaks and was definitely not a repair of any sort. I don't know what type of evidence matters in situations such as this. The disclosure statement mentions nothing about leaks or repairs; it says only that the roof had no known issues. The inspector indicated that he saw evidence of past leaks, but he had no way of checking the full extent of the damage since the owners had covered the entire interior of the attic in a water-proof wrap that hides evidence of water infiltration. The agent's statements played a role in our decision, because we trusted her, but...those words are not written down on paper anywhere.  Considering you had a home inspection that pointed out potential roof leaks and issues but opted not to investigate with a roof inspection, I doubt you'd have much recourse. From your description the sellers had lots of repairs done. If it wasn't actively leaking during the "drought" you'd have a hard time proving they knew leaks were still active. 