 Hey all! Got a legal question (obviously). My father passed away a few months ago and my van is solely in his name. I only have about 8 payments left on it, so I have that going for me. Shortly before my dad died, I had spoke with the branch manager at the bank that the car loan was through. She told me that as long as I continued to make payments every month, they would not repo my van. She said once, it was paid off, they would send the title to my dad's house and then I would have to take the title along with the death certificate to a notary and get it changed over into my name. All of this made sense and was very re-assuring. Here's my problem now. My dad had debts, which will supposedly be taken care of by his "estate". He didn't have any money so it's my understanding that my van is part of his estate. Does this mean that I am at risk of losing my van due to his outstanding debts? Also NAL, but heirs get estate assets only after all estate debts are paid. The outstanding loan for the van complicates things, but OP would likely be in a better position today if the van was owned jointly with his father. I think in that case the van would not be considered an estate asset, though the van loan holder's lien would still be in place. Yes you're at risk of losing your van because technically it was never yours. Since the van was solely in your father's name it was legally his before he died and belongs to his estate now. If your father's estate's debts exceed its available cash, assets would need to be sold to cover the debts. Whether the van gets sold will be up to the executor. You may be able to recoup the payments you made on the van since your father's death though. Properly those should have been made by the estate under the direction of the executor, not by you. You could argue that your payments preserved the value of the asset since otherwise the van would have been repossessed. If the executor agrees, your payments could be classified as estate expenses, which are generally pretty high in the priority of debts to be paid. Keep in mind that if your father's estate has more debts than assets there is a prescribed order in which debts are paid, because in the end some debts will go unpaid. If the van needs to be sold, you could buy it from the estate for fair market value. You should probably discuss all this with the estate's lawyer. Good luck. Then yes. from the sounds of it your brother will be required to sell the van, unless there is a will and it is specifically left to you, I believe. As I said, IANAL, but I think things that are specifically willed through appropriate legal channels may be exempt from reconciling an estate. However, if there is no will then the remaining payments to the bank, provided the loan was in your Dad's name, for the van are part of the debt of the estate and will need to be part of the accounting done at the end of the probate period.  Sorry. Forgot to mention that my mother passed away a few years ago. It is just me, my brother and my sister. My brother (who is the eldest) is now the estate holder. IANAL, but this is a complicated question. I am currently handling probate for my mother's estate. She had next to nothing with a lot of debt that needs to be paid. If she had a vehicle or real estate in her name, I'd be required to sell that to pay those debts. However, you don't mention if your mother is still in the picture, whether she and your Dad shared assets etc. Everything changes if they were still together and I can't help you with that. Your best course of action would be to discuss this with an estate attorney. If it is just you handling everything, and you don't have the money to pay an attorney, or the estate doesn't have the money to pay an attorney either, you can apply for pro bono help through your local legal aid/bar association. I'd recommend that if needed. Also, don't take legal advice from a bank. All they care about is if they get their money back.  Done. 