 The police asked a friend of mine to come in for questioning. It's scheduled for two hours from now. Is he required to go to the interview, or can he refuse? He can't afford a lawyer. He's looking for one who will take his case pro bono or at a low cost, but he's worried about not finding one and then being questioned without a lawyer present. If he can't find a lawyer in time, would it be better to decline the interview than to be questioned without a lawyer present? The police only ask you to do things when they can't legally force you.   't show up for the interview? Not for the act of refusing the interview, that's a civil right. The possible consequences may be related to what the police are investigating. They're looking for information and they may find a different version of a story than your friend would like to tell that isn't helpful to him/her. And he can still refuse to speak with them until a lawyer is available  The police may have probable cause to arrest him right now. If so, he doesn't help himself by talking to them. The police may NOT have probable cause to arrest him right now. If so, then by talking to him they may develop probable cause. If so, he doesn't help himself by talking to them. Now, maybe it's all a big mistake, and he can just clear things up my talking to them. NO. He needs a lawyer. He should tell his lawyer everything that's going on and then let the lawyer manage any police interviews. If he can't get a lawyer right now, he should return the detective's call and say that he has nothing to say without an attorney present. Period. But what if the police say that he doesn't need a lawyer? That they can do this the easy way or the hard way? That asking for a lawyer just makes him look guilty? To all of those gambits, the answer is: "I have nothing to say without an attorney present. Period." Have your friend call and tell the police only the following two things: I wish to remain silent and I want to speak with and attorney prior to any questioning. Then have your friend politely end the call without further conversation. Your friend should also be aware that even if he shows up with or without an attorney, he may very well be arrested and booked regardless. Again, it depends on why they want to talk to him in the first place.  They may get a warrant and arrest him. It all depends on why they want to interview him in the first place.  I am not sure what you mean by consequences. There is zero upside to speaking to the police without a lawyer. Your friend can be arrested assuming the police decide to arrest him. Thank you so much for replying. Will there be any consequences if he doesn't show up for the interview? Can the police take any sort of action against him for not showing up?  't find a lawyer in time, would it be better to decline the interview than to be questioned without a lawyer present? Yes.