 This is for California. Long story short, my Christmas gift was finding out my (ex) girlfriend tripped and fell on another dudes dick. When I found out, and when she realized she couldn't talk her way out of it, she became hysterical and started texting people I am suicidal. I own 30+ firearms, and am worried that even without cause I may end up in trouble or on a hold. I have spoken with the people she texted that I know about, my brother, room mates, and a friend, all of whom have checked up on me and seen I'm fine. My father, who has now been updated, is a psychiatrist for the state and he also confirmed I am not suicidal and I have been at his house just pre-emptively because there is no access to firearms there (I figured this would help). I want to go back to my house where my room mates would be there and sleep on my own bed, but I don't know if this is a good idea. What can I do to protect myself? Should I call the local PD and explain the situation? I would assume that by consenting to go to OP's house previously they would already be giving consent to being recorded. Letting others know about a security camera system in a house is a pretty big deal. The intent to cause harm by defamation of character or other means could potentially be deterred but if the ex were desperate enough to do something to OP's home there's reasonable cause for using what means are available to provide evidence of intent. I have a friend down in Cali who’s recently escaped a bad situation, this information might actually save her life. Thank you for giving such a well articulated and informative answer! ❤️❤️❤️ No, that’s a common misconception (at least in CA). Harassment, stalking, threats, etc all qualify even if there is no physical violence. That type of behavior is usually a precursor to (or associated with) physical violence, and as public policy we want to be preventative rather than remedial. Check out “what is abuse?” on the bottom left corner of the first page of DV-100-INFO: http://www2.courtinfo.ca.gov/protectiveorders/documents/dv-100-info.pdf Doesn’t domestic violence have to include violence?  I would definitely let the local PD know what is going on. Get ahead of this. I was like 18 and had issues with my parents, for good reason. They thought I was suicidal after a split with a high school girlfriend. Being “guarded” at the interview because I really didn’t want to be there was all they needed. Hospitals definitely play it safe with psych holds. Even with a voluntary stay, Illinois revoked my FOID for 5 years. The administrative appeals process is a joke, and I didn’t want to go the judicial route, so I had to wait. All because someone claimed they thought I could hurt myself. It is much easier to be proactive about this, than reactive. You may consider applying for a Domestic Violence Restraining Order. A judge could order her not to “harass” you (including calling the police on a 5150) ex parte, pending a hearing on the matter. This gets you an order for her to leave you alone without having to notify her that you’re going to a judge. I’d guess that if you have text messages or some proof that she’s actively trying to set you up, then you have a good chance. HOWEVER, a big downside is that you’ll educate her on the DVRO process, which she may leverage against you, and then you get your guns grabbed. if she does end up using it against you without reason, hire an attorney and push for CCP Section 128.7 which allows you to recover attorneys for her filing a false pleading. Either way, something to consider. They’re free to file, and if you do it yourself, just google DV-100 (DV-100 INFO should be the instructions for the form) and it will lead you to the rest of the forms online. Here is the relevant code. OP can "loan" the firearms to individuals for a duration not to exceed 30 days. They should definitely check with their attorney before moving or loaning guns as doing so may raise more suspicion. =201520160AB1511  How about gun storage at a firing range? Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] I'm not sure if this would be applicable, but wouldn't it be a good idea for op to file for a restraining order against this ex? Apart from the fact that she's clearly insane wouldn't that help him protect himself from her false accusations? I would call your local police department's non-emergency line and let them know what she's doing. Stop texting and talking to her, document everything you can. If the police call you or show up at your door, just relax and let them do their job. They might have their guns down by their side if she's telling them you'll use your firearms, don't get scared or offended. Listen to their instructions and do what they say. Police officers in California can only take people on a 5150 hold if they are found to be a danger to themselves or others, or if they are "gravely disabled" (i.e., unable to meet their basic needs on their own). They'll likely call you, talk to you a bit, decide you're not 5150, and go on their merry way. I really wouldn't worry about 5150 or the police in this matter. If anything, I would file for a restraining order because she sounds like someone you wouldn't want around. [removed] [deleted] [removed] [deleted] Unfortunately you cannot store weapons at a friend or relatives home now per CA law. OP's best bet is to get a good criminal defense attorney and follow their advice. In light of the other comments (and the one further down about an evaluation), you should speak with both your father and your lawyer about this option. Obviously your father shouldn't do the evaluation, but he may know some things about the field in your area. [deleted] Keep them locked up and don't consent to search. They won't just barge in and take all your guns just just because someone made a false claim. Aside from a warrant, someone has to let them to search for them or hand them over. It might suck but If you really aren't a harm to yourself or others you'll be fine. If everything turns out to be true then well wasn't a false claim was it. He is going to get red flagged. Given that he is in CA where many mass shootings have occurred, if he walks in somewhere, states his GF is telling people he is suicidal, threatening him w a 5150, and that he has a large array of weapons, he is going to get 5150’d or seen as paranoid. Or worse if he gets a shitty Dr that evaluates him. This is not a situation for a voluntary psych eval at all. He is going to be seen as crazy. Nobody walks in to “clear his name” like this. Everyone in the mental health field is hyperaware with everything going on - suicidal and mass amounts of firearms = bad news. It is way too risky for OP.  IANAL but maybe you could pay a gun store to keep them under lock for you? As a professional service for example.  Make sure you're taking the necessary precautions like storing ammo as far away from the guns as possible and keeping both very securely locked. The more you show that you're just a collector and not some gun nut, the higher the chance of you getting out of this more positively than she does. The necessity of a psych eval could be considered reason to deem you mentally unstable enough to need one. If they end up forcing one on you, so be it, but don't subject yourself to one willingly It still requires a reasonable expectation of privacy to get to consent in the first place. You can record audio in public places all you like, for example. I'm not sure "breaking into my ex-boyfriend's house to plant evidence that he is suicidal" would qualify as triggering a reasonable expectation of privacy. But with that said, roommates and guests need to know about it. Why? My concern was in regards to owning firearms, I have no idea how a welfare check would play out if the cops think firearms may come in to play. Obviously, I have no intention to hurt anyone, including myself. The worry is whether or not I would be presented with an opportunity to speak with them, as opposed to them kicking in the door. Thanks.  Edited sorry  No PMs. Read the rules.  I run a mental health institution in CA and have over 80 clients. I deal with 5150s regularly. Someone has to call the police (911) and request a “Welfare Check” or a “5150,” there is also 5250 but that doesn’t apply to you. There is one phrase where the police legally can’t take you even if they showed up for a call. You state that, “I am not a threat to myself or others.” Also state you have no suicidal ideations and did not make threats against your own life or violence toward others. Remain calm and they will not take you EPS, or, your local Emergency Psychiatric Services. If you want more detailed help should this this event come to pass (edit: reply here. Sorry I didn’t read the rules about PMs). But just to let you know don’t get too worried, the need for medical or psych service like this has to be acute, meaning, she has to sincerely believe you are a threat to yourself or others in the moment and detail her concerns in order for first responders to visit you.  Absolutely not. Therapist here. You do not want a psych eval, voluntary or not, on your record. INAL but to my knowledge, the defamatory and harmful claims she has made can be grounds for a civil restraining order in CA. Although it wouldn’t realistically keep her from making false claims to friends and family, it can preemptively establish her willingness to make false and harmful claims. Of course, your lawyer is the best guide for any such recourse.  [removed] Don't go to the cops, you have no idea how they will respond, talk to a lawyer instead Considering California is a 2 party consent state. I would be hesitant to deploy cameras that record any audio. You feel good about yourself after making this comment? Get out of this sub.  I can speak about the 5150 a little from experience. I had a doctor tell me she thought I needed to be placed on a 5150 although I told her repeatedly I was not a harm to my self or others. At the hospital (San Diego, CA) I calmly told intake exactly what was going on, what I had said to my shrink, and that I was not going to harm myself or anyone else. Based on my demeanor and lack of admitting was scared of harming someone, they had no reason to admit me on a 5150. California mental hospitals are filled to the brim and during holidays they are filled to capacity. They are not looking to give up a bed to someone who is calm and not saying they fear for their personal safety or the safety of others. Your father seems to believe you are not a risk to yourself and he is better equipped than a girlfriend who you are leaving because of infidelity to determine this.  [removed] [Source]() I re-read it, it's twice in one year's time, so you're fine unless you do end up having issues or she's exceptionally convincing and very vindictive. Probably a good thing she went the 5150 route instead of accusing you of domestic violence. Best of luck to you. Use the security camera footage to your advantage if she decides to stop by your place with what's going on. If your camera system records both audio and video you'll have a better method of putting a restraining order on her. I have advised my clients of this very plan of action with success in California. Yes, easily. I'll see about setting that up.  Their lawyer is right. God damn, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I agree. I contacted the lawyer after I made this post because he is a friend, and truthfully I don't like involving other people in my own drama. However, she took that out of my control my contacting everyone she could, so I decided to swallow my pride and involve the lawyer that is a friend.  This isn't to be a jerk or anything, it's just that your attorney will know far more about the situation (including how local laws affect things) than we ever could. Is it possible for you to get officially evaulated? When i told my therapist i was honestly fearful i would kill myself, she walked me right over to the psychiatric hospital to get evaluated. They determined they didnt need to keep me there. As of January 1st, two 5150 stays will permanently remove gun rights for CA residents. OP really needs to get ahead of this. Edit: re-read the law, it's two 5150 stays within a one year period. Right now that gets your rights removed for a period of time, after which you can petition to have them back. A lifetime ban for what could be just a rough patch seems excessive in my opinion. [Source]() Luckily I'm the paranoid type, so there are security cameras around my property. She would not be able to step foot in front of my house without me knowing. She also does not have access to the house, and the room mates are aware of the situation. There is no one I trust that would be willing, or has room for a large collection like mine. CA also recently passed a law against lending firearms, so yay California... She has no access to the house any more. She never had access to the firearms. The fear is that she will call the police and I'm worried about an irrational response from the cops if they hear the word "gun." If they give me a chance to talk with a wellness check, that would go over well I imagine.  You can likely return home given the gf does not live there. If she shows up, tell her to leave and call police for trespassing if she refuses. Your father being a psychiatrist would be given almost zero weight given the close familial relationship and tendency for family to lie for protection. The screenshots of her allegations would not be helpful as that is just proof she made the allegations. If you have proof of the falsity of her statements that would be most helpful. I would still do the wellness check or psych evaluation unless your attorney had a good reason for not recommending to do so. [removed] Would it be worth finding a trusted relative for temporary possession of the firearms? Or a security system if she gets you committed to keep her out Have your roommates lock your room up. Make sure they understand no one is to touch your stuff and the gf is not to be allowed in to get anything. Nal, but I would absolutely not go home right now. Stay where you are if you can.  She did not live in the house, but has access because my door has a digital code. I have already changed the code. I have not contacted police, however I have contacted a lawyer and explained the situation (I was advised to not do anything). I also am currently at my parents house, my father being a practicing psychiatrist, and more importantly, currently having 0 access to the firearms just as a preventative measure. There is also nothing she can produce for the 5150; I have never threatened her or myself. So it would literally be her word alone. I do however have multiple screen shots of hysterical texts she sent my friends/family. When you say you are worried about returning to your home, does your gf live there? Did she used to live there and she moved out? I would insist on a police report. This may be tricky, because police will likely not make a report documenting your good mental health. I think the way to do it would be for someone you trust to request a wellness check on you, while stating that they believe the suicidal accusations are false but they would like police to check on you to be sure. Then when police arrive, let them know you asked the person to request the wellness check. Alternatively, you could voluntarily visit a doctor and request a psych evaluation documenting your current mental health. 99% of the time, evidence of cheating is irrelevant. This is the 1%. It would be extremely useful for showing her motivation in filing a false report. Not sure if you are aware but Gun Violence Restraining Order laws CA recently ( Also live in CA and have Family who was Operator, and another who was Police and over years had plently of having to use Emergency resources. With the Gun Violence Restraining Order laws in CA you definitely have good reason for concern. If you have anything that can prove she is doing this out of spite that is written, or another roomate has witnessed her threaten you in regards to this, make sure you have the friend willing to volunteer the information or back up the writing. If the proof is clear enough that she is spreading this BS to harm you (the proof needs to make the intent of the rumors clear), consider talking to a family friend lawyer about a libel/slander claim. A C D and making it clear she will be on the hook for fallout of her actions because of the proof may help make it go away. Best of luck 5150s and GVROs really will be a bit hassle for you. Updating my lawyer now (criminal law attorney), I will start looking into one specific for firearm ownership. My brothers girlfriend is also a lawyer (contracts) and she has been updated, and I have screen shots of the texts she sent people. Thank you for the help. [deleted] He's in California you idiot , they'll confiscate your guns at the drop of a hat  You could have picked a better state for this to go down in... It may be worth calling the PD and making a report. What sort and if they actually would, I'm not really certain. You should also preemptively call a lawyer and get some advice for if/when she makes a successful report and you have police on your door step. You'd also have the lawyer up to date on things if you needed to call him if/when the police show up. Try to get screen shot copies of her making these false statements. You may need them later. 