 Interested if there is any legal recourse I have... Mom was diagnosed with Cancer in May, she passed in August. I visited her in Florida in July. She mentioned in conversation, ' you get the house'. I don't want to push him out, BUT, I DO want to find out legally, how I can check on this anywhere. He literally has pushed me out of any and all decisions, mourning for her. I had about 12 small non-value items on a picture/listed out emailed, WITH my mother's approval help, during my July visit. He basically, 5 months later, has turned his back on me, without sending anything, says he resents me. So he got rid of it all... I am venting a bit, swerving from full details, but, they were sentimental things like my grandmother's 100 year old hand crochet bedspread, etc. I wasn't asking for anything, except those few items. No $, anything like that. Now, that he has told me he got rid of it all resents me, I am re-thinking my nicety. Is there ANY way to search records, mortgage records, etc., to see if I'm named anywhere? He is a stepdad, and my mother, grandfather, grandmother, have always been the owners on the home. Tampa, Fla. I am not asking him, for obvious reasons, but want to know if I am entitled to the property after he passes, or if he tries to sell. I don't even know if she had a will. Because he's an ads, I obviously can't ask him. I wasn't concerned with any of this at the time, my mother's illness was the biggest concern. Now, I feel blindsided and shafted. Any sound advice or navigation for this is appreciated. Thank you in advance, for your input. The property appraisers site only, by now is showing his name. The first link is showing all transactions through the years, but I am unable to open on my pad, the pdfs. I'll try on another device. Thanks for the link! ☺ You should be able to find the deed here... http://pubrec3.hillsclerk.com/oncore/Search.aspx Failing that, you can search the address here... http://gis.hcpafl.org/propertysearch/#/nav/Basic%20Search That's the Property Appraiser's database. It's not authoritative on questions of land ownership, but it may lead you to a "book and page" number or an "instrument number" that could help you on the first website I linked to. This would mainly be if the deed is not indexed under your mother's name, like if she was "Smith" and it got typo-ed as "Smythe"  THANK YOU JenAmy, so very kindly. I will do as you instructed and contact the court system to dig further. I just had no clue where to start with this. I will see if they are in operations this week, if not, then next week. Just called. Nothing filed for the estate. It's almost 5pm in Florida, so I'll call tomorrow about the deeds verbage. Also, looked up taxes, it was in both of their names with her as primary name, now, only in his name. I'll call tomorrow about deed, still couldn't find it online. I am licensed in GA not FL so this is a general estate overview. Contact someone in Tampa, you do need a lawyer. The Tampa bar can refer you to an estate attorney if needed. An estate can not be dispose of, meaning no one can put property that was in her name into theirs, withdraw from bank accounts only in her names, ect., without opening an estate with the court. Part of opening the estate and disposing of the assets is informing all heirs of said estate. In a perfect world this means probating the Will, if any. (Of course, we do not live in a perfect world. It is possible your step-dad is in possession of a Will from your mother but will do better under instated succession so does nothing with it. This fraud, but hard to prov, unless you find a copy). If a there is not a will the estate goes by intestate succession which means your Step-dad as the surviving spouse would split the estate with you (and any other surviving children of your mother if applicable.) I am not sure what the % are in Florida, it may be an even split or he could get more. As far as real property goes, if his name is on the deed 'With rights of survivorship" he gets 100% of the house outside of the estate. This is common for married coupled, but not automatic and the fact it is a family homes and not something they bought together makes it less likely. If his name is on the deed without survivor rights he gets 50% and the other 50% is part of the estate to be divided either according to the Will or by the court according to intestate succession laws. If it is only in her name the whole house goes into the estate and is divided either according to the Will or by the court according to the intestate laws. If he owns any % of it and lives there you can not evict him (I know you are not trying to, just felt the need to ad that). But you will have rights to monetary gain from rent or sell and he will not be able to sell without your permission or transfer/bequeath your % to his estate. Call the Probate Court in the county where your mother passed to find out if an estate has been opened; while you are at it, ask to talk to the Real Estate Records department to request a copy of the deed.  If the will doesn't have to be probated, then it is often not filed -- although technically an original will must be filed with the court after someone dies (if there is a will). There's really no teeth to enforce that though.  Which is, I'm in assumption, not a necessary step? Thank you so much for your clarity. Not unless the will was filed with the court.  Would it be stated anywhere? I am only finding estate records for my uncle who passed years ago, and a traffic ticket when I search her name in the hillsclerk portal. Nothing found as far as estate or probate that I have found yet. Unless there was a will, more than likely you are SOL. Even if there was a will, you are still likely SOL. She was married and I would best most of the assets -- including the home -- were owned jointly.  That is my (now) gut feeling on this too. Finding out finally, that he is liquidating things makes this time sensitive. THANK YOU immensely, caustic_banana. I am an eternal optimist, who unfortunately has to change her ways a bit. In the bigger picture, his own personal karma will manifest. At this point, I have nothing to lose in all this. Not even family. I now have chosen family, and amazing soulmate and best friend of a wife plenty of fur kids.  It would depend on the deed, of course, but her "interest" in the house may still possibly pass to the surviving child. The answer to that is muddy based on details provided. If that's the area where your mother had been living, then yes. I'd start by contacting estate attorney's in the Tampa area. And do shop around to find one that sounds willing to fight for your situation. Since you're remote, an advocate is important. It's better to move on this sooner than later, given you're already at 5 months out. You'll want to know before stepdad tries to sell anything off. But wouldn't the deed matter, too. I think if its deeded as a joint tenancy, the house would pass to the stepfather. Do I need to just hire an estate attorney out of Tampa then? I am in Austin, Tx. I am an only child. I was in full belief that my mother's illness was the worst part of things. I was blindsided by his pettiness. I would love half, or lien it and be happy. So, for the less legally educated, an estate attorney would be the best avenue? There is noone else in the family to ask. Thank you in advance. Home in Tampa, Florida. I am in Austin, Tx. If there is no will, given the surviving spouse is a "step", this means that the "step" would get 1/2 the assets, and the other 1/2 would be split evenly among the mother's surviving descendants. If there's no will, wouldn't it depend upon location and how the house is deeded. I think a lot of states, if it's deeded in mom's name only, the kids would get a portion through laws of intestacy.  First, sorry for your loss and that you have to navigate this. Moving on to the meat of the question: If your mother ever worked with an attorney at any point, start by finding them and asking if a will was entered. Beyond that, had your mom lived in the same place for some time? You can ask the local probate court if there is a will on record under her name. Barring both of those, you can contact an Estate Attorney and send them looking for one, but this would obviously cost you. Unfortunately, your Mom's simple "I want you to have the house" doesn't hold up legally unless the stepdad agrees and admits to the wish. The best bet for all would be a nice, clean, will that leaves you what she felt you deserve. I am hopeful you find one.