 Hi, ( First time in an accident ) I'm Canadian and I was in a car accident in Nevada, US 8 months ago. The driver failed to stop at stop sign, they were at fault, I had the right of way(Proof in Police Report). I broke my leg, but the way the bone broke I only required a cast and not surgery. 8 months later the bone health but the nerves in my leg and one hand are damaged. My car insurance reimbursed me for my entire car. All my hospital visits in Canada were free, MRI, Xrays, follow-ups, cast for leg .etc I just had to pay for Uber rides to the hospital and back. My car insurance would cover my personal items I left in the car. ( The coverage plan didn't' over them ) The lawyer said as a fee they get a percentage of the settlement, and I didn't have to pay anything up front. They have very positive reviews in the city and area where the accident took place. I started going to physio but I was only covered up to a limit through my work medical insurance then I had to pay the rest myself. A month ago my Car insurance says I had to complete a form so that My car insurance could cover the rest of the treatment. I completed and signed the form and sent it to my lawyer. The lawyer isn't making any process. The form I sent them is on limbo and they said they would call me back. They also said they can't proceed with a settlement until I get release notes from my doctor saying that I've finished my treatment. I'm starting to feel like they will drop my case because most of the medical expenses are free in Canada. But my legs and nerves in my arm are still fucked and are limiting what I can do. I gained a lot of weight since the accident because I can't be as active as I use to. Also got a bit depressed for several months after the accident which started affecting my relationship and work. What can I do in my situation? Help? Any advice is welcomed. It is reasonable that a lawyer may wait for the treatment to play out before damages can be established. It could also be reasonable that your economic losses may leave litigation not economically feasible. Though in that situation many cases would settle. If you don’t have confidence in your attorney you can often seek a new one. Though in a contingent fee arranged there may be something to work out around work already performed under the terms of your retainer agreement.  Just because the medical treatment was "free" for you first of all doesn't mean that nobody is owed any money. Your provincial health plan or insurer might also be interested in a lawsuit against the person who injured you to recover costs. Consider talking to a lawyer in your province to see if you can get a international multi-plaintiff personal injury suit going to make this worthwhile. Since MRIs are so backlogged right now in Canada you might actually have a chance. However this is way too complicated for this subreddit so I can't say much more.