 We purchased a home in Texas a couple of months ago. The inspection found that there was some subpar electrical work that had previously been done in the house. We requested that the electrical issues be rectified, and the seller agreed to the requested work in an addendum to the sales contract; signed by both parties. The owner lives out of state, so their realtor handled everything by hiring an electrician to perform the work. It was completed to our satisfaction and we continued to close on the house in October. We received a certified letter from the company that performed the electrical work stating that they have not received payment for the materials or labor for the work performed, and that this is the first notice that if payment is not received a lien will be placed on the house. The document shows the seller’s agent’s company as the “bill to”, and I have done no business directly with the company. I have signed no contracts with them, and was not the owner of the property when the work was performed. No one who would have any indebtedness to the company has any financial interest in the house at this point. Can the company still place a lien on the property? Hi! I'm having almost the same situation (except I'm in Idaho). There is a mechanic's lien on some sprinkler works (according to the company) that the seller of my property had asked for. I'm wondering if you are just going to pay for the lien? Also the lien is just for a small amount, so I think the attorney fee will be much higher so I don't know if it's even worth it to find a lawyer. Google reviews are actually pretty good. The metrics for some of the “official” rating services are weird - for example, Avvo heavily weights recommendations from other lawyers over client reviews, which is rather backwards, because it’s used like social media (“recommend me and I’ll recommend you”) and the ratings reflect who has friends more than they reflect who is good. In any event, your title company is involved in real estate litigation all the time, so they have developed good relationships with real estate lawyers across your city. I would ask your closer for a referral - if the individual you worked with doesn’t know someone, I guarantee the branch manager does. They should know several they can refer, and you can then choose from among them.  Thanks, I’ll give them a call. I work for a title company, and usually these types of agreements are taken into consideration by the closing office, sometimes credits are issued at closing to pay for the repairs, sometimes an escrow account is made to pay the contractor once the job is completed, and sometimes the closing office pays the contractor at closing. I would contact them and see how the repairs were handled at closing. If it was on the contract, they should have addressed it at closing.  There’s a few lawyer specific rating websites, Martindale Hubbell and Avvo. They’ll have reviews and information on an attorney’s practice area. You can also look at the state bar website to check an attorney’s discipline record. Your local bar association, if there is one, may have a referral program.  Thanks! I called the closing company we used, and it sounds like they’re working on getting the seller to respond. If they don’t get a reply, I’ll work on finding a lawyer. Any tips for finding a quality lawyer should it come to that, apart from google reviews? It’s going to depend on what is specifically stated in the document you signed. Again, this really is an issue that you need to discuss with an attorney who a) has the time to examine all the relevant facts and b) is familiar with the relevant laws.  You might be right about that. Hmm. This could get complicated. I think you need to see an attorney as /u/blahblahlawlaw suggested. Well that sucks. Would it be possible for me to claim damages against the seller as well for failure to pay? Yes, I do have title insurance. However the lien wasn’t present at the time, technically it doesn’t exist yet. Yes. The lien is placed on the property, not an individual. You should consult with an attorney because Texas lien laws are complicated and require strict compliance with the procedures. But if they are perfected, they are difficult to overcome. You may have to pay the lien and then go after the seller.  Did you have title insurance?