  Hello all, Not even sure if this post belongs here, but I'm sure I'll be told that fast enough :D Background story: Me and my girlfriend, together for 2 years, we used TriCount (awesome app) to track our expenses and to make sure that it was kept even for both of us. I'm sure you can see this coming, by the end of the relationship, it wasn't. Our relationship turned sour and she doesn't feel like she has to re-imburse me the money she owes me. 5k USD. Besides her makings things right herself, what are my options to see my money back ? (all the expenses are tracked and kept with date stamps in a .xls thanks to Tricount) Thanks for you help. You're really going to want some tangible evidence that you weren't giving her a gift. A record of the agreement does not have to be something that explicitly lays out what you agreed to. You should find and save anything where she even references it. Records of her paying you back might also help so comb through those.  Thanks  Yes Down to the County ? Ok thanks for the information on that. First time plaintiff here :) Yes. You sue for a debt where it occurred Ok I see the point indeed Because we lived in AL during our relationship ? Meaning this was not an account of money owed to each other just something you used to budget your expenses as a couple AL has jurisdiction, you have to file and sue in AL courts Meaning ? I'm sorry, I'm new to all this and I would have preferred never to even have to ask the question :) Does this mean I have to physically be there to sue and for the audience ? What about filing in SC ? You're in luck then, small claims limit in AL is $6k. You do not need a lawyer AL has jurisdiction and you would have to sue there, even after you move Sorry, Location added. We were living in the state of Alabama, but looks like I'm moving soon (because of work) to SC. How would that impact the court case? Do I need a lawyer for small claims ? To play devil's advocate, you would also use an expenses app for budgeting purposes. Especially if you started living together at any point No, record of agreement of the expenses being a loan not a gift. But if it was a gift they would have not been tracked in a expenses app (note: she also added expenses and payments during our relationship, thus having an impact on the balance) Location is important You'll have to sue. If you're lucky, the whole amount is going to within the limits for small claims court in your location. Otherwise, you'll have to move up to the next "level" of court (usually need a lawyer at that point) or accept the cap and give up on some of the money Are you sure she agreed to ultimately pay you back? Do you have records suggesting that the imbalance was a loan and not a gift? It is perfectly normal for long-term relationships to be economically imbalanced, and in most cases it is not assumed that one party would owe the other at the end of it. You'll have to prove that your relationship was different.