 On the letter it has a case number, customer ID, number for free consultation, in the bottom small letters "Disclaimer: CountyWide Debt Relief is not affiliated with any lending institution, bank, and collection agency or collection law firm...." What should I do about this letter?  I had an HSBC card from Best Buy that Capitol One took over so i didn’t want to assume. Ah, so it seems they just filed their lawsuit. The court sets a hearing for 360 days later to ensure that they file for a default judgment if you don't show. IOW, you'll probably get served shortly if that's actually you. Sure looks like it. [Here's the rule.](http://www.courts.ca.gov/cms/rules/index.cfm?title=three linkid=rule3_740) . If the plaintiff has not obtained a default judgment by that time, the court must issue an order to show cause why reasonable monetary sanctions should not be imposed. The order to show cause must be vacated if the plaintiff obtains a default judgment at least 10 court days before the order to show cause hearing. The bank will hire someone to personally find you and give you a copy of the petition (the statement of all of the reasons why they think you owe them money, and how much). It will not come in the mail.  Capital One is an original creditor. The FDCPA does not apply to original creditors. Even if the FDCPA did apply, the poster did not not say he had received a collection letter containing the 30-day notice. Absent such notice, his validation rights have not yet been triggered.  Federal student loans are subject to legal protections and processes that prohibit lawsuits unless extreme circumstances exist. CapOne does not offer student loans, and cannot buy federal student loan debt. At this point, you confirmed you received an advertisement from CountyWide with a court case number. You looked up the case number with a government resource and confirmed there is a case pending against you. You do not recall ever having a CapitalOne account whatsoever. You need to figure out what CapitalOne has to do with you. This could very well be identity theft. Get your credit report and validation of debt. Try to investigate the story behind this account. Determining this will decide what happens next. Either you need to start seeking resources as an identity theft victim or figure out this debt. Thank you, you said that so well I feel a little calm. How do Service happen?  Just so you know: the letter sent to your address was NOT from the bank or from the court. It was from a group that is looking for clients. They want you to hire them - at marked up fees - to assist you in this lawsuit. Don’t hire them, hire anyone else. The fact that you got this letter let’s you know that a court case exists, but since it is not connected in any way to the case, this does NOT mean that you have been served or officially notified of anything. Until and unless you are served, then there is nothing for you to do. You CAN jump through hoops and make an appearance in the lawsuit, but that’s a bad idea - The bank may not have served you because they realized they got the name and facts wrong, or any other reason that will end up with them dismissing the lawsuit. Until you are served, there is nothing to do. That said, keep monitoring the online portal just in case there is an actual hearing scheduled, because sometimes people fake service (unlikely in this case) and you don’t want them to obtain a judgement against you.  Not with capital one but I do have student loans. Can Capital One buy Federal student loan debt?? Opps just noticed it's for 2019.  So, Capital One is suing you? And I'm guessing you have not received paperwork yet from a process server or otherwise, and perhaps the case is showing as "Filed Only". At this point, you need to see what's going on with Capital One. Get your credit report from Annual Credit Report. Request validation of debt from Capital One - do not make any promises or other arrangements saying you will pay. Do not contact CountyWide Debt Relief - even if the lawsuit is real, the letter you received is still an ad. Have you ever had a Capital One account? Do you remember falling behind on it? If not, you may be an identity theft victim. LOL no. The bank didn’t serve you and the court wants to know why not.  It doesn't show my address or DOB but the letter was sent to my address. On the court website is : FUTURE HEARINGS Case Information | Register Of Actions | FUTURE HEARINGS | PARTY INFORMATION 12/16/2019 at 08:30 AM in Department F43 at [ I Delete this] Order to Show Cause Re: Failure to File Proof of Service and Failure to File Default Judgment Pursuant to CRC 3.740 Did I miss a hearing???? Should I call Capital One? Sorry if I'm asking stupid question my heart is beating fast.  Is it you? Your name, address, etc? (LA may be one of the odd places that don't provide identifying information) I checked with the courthouse it does appear on there  It does appear in the court website.  Pull your credit report to check if your identity was stolen. Its also possible a creditor you did have an account with was bought by capital one. You can also request debt validation from them in writing but do not make arrangements to pay. Does the letter state the court? If so, find the court records for that court. I'd imagine that's LA county court. eg: http://www.lacourt.org/casesummary/ui/index.aspx?casetype=civil It's a scam for CountyWide Debt Relief. They got your information from a soft pull on your credit report. You are not being sued unless you are served appropriate paperwork by a process server, who identifies themselves as such. I would check your credit report at a site like [annualcreditreport.com]() and make sure nothing unusual is on it, like a past due balance or delinquency, or accounts you do not recognize. Specific website I should check in?  If I were you, I'd look up the case number online and confirm I wasn't really being sued. 