 (I live in Rockford, Illinois.) I was walking my dog today when I saw a pickup truck with a large metal crate on top of the bed. Inside were 3-6 Dogs in separate areas out in the cold with only a bit of hay to lay on. http://imgur.com/a/y1rKVKM Is this legal? yes, that is perfectly acceptable and safe. a truck bed box kennel is the proper way to transport canines.  I've seen truck tops like this before. Used to use them to rescue street animals. In our case, they needed to have seperate kennels incase the dogs aggro'd at eachother. It's likely he's just transporting rescues, trained farm dogs, something he does regularly or for work. A kennel like that is a huge investment for the dogs, so it's hard to imagine someone who's willing to spend so much to keep them in seperate kennels with hay and everything would neglect them. If he just threw them in the back of his truck that'd be a whole different story. But I love the post about animal concerns! Sometimes mistreatment is hard to spot so thank you for asking!  These are more than likely working dogs. They are probably hunters or something like that. They are fine. :) it is great you are concerned about animals though! :) Alright, thanks. Cursory googling tells me that non cold-averse dogs "can easily be outside in a well-strawed dog house at -20° below for 8 hours or more." These dogs are fine. At -3 most dogs would be fine for quite a while especially in an elevated crate lined with bedding.  Ok, makes sense. Thank you. My concern was them being outside for a long time in the cold, but apparently big dogs are ok in this temp. It is more than likely legal, probably safer than letting them loose in the cab (which by the way appears too small to fit four dogs anyway), the separation in the kennel is a good thing, and hay provides a lot more warmth than you might think. Not all dog owners prefer to transport their pets this way because it may not look very pleasant, but I doubt it's illegal or rises to a level of animal cruelty. this is fine, they're safe in a sturdy, ventilated carrier and even have bedding to make them more comfortable. If they were there for hours and it's below freezing then there's a problem but otherwise this is great.  Forecast says a low of 26 F. And yeah, I wasn't watching for very long. I am not totally sure what your concern is? That looks like an exceptionally safe way to transport dogs. I would honestly prefer to see that then all the people I see everyday driving with their dogs on their laps or with them running around the car.  First, how cold is "cold". Most dogs are perfectly comfortable outdoors. Second, unless you observed them you had no idea if they were there for 5 minutes or 5 hours.