 Hello r/legaladvice! My father, Aunt and I were driving back today from a funeral in Southern Texas heading to Arkansas. As we were driving up one of the highways the speed changed and there was an officer sitting pretty close behind the sign. Now, the speed limit on a lot of these highways is 75MPH, with dips down to 65 and 55 in some cases depending on if you're approaching a town or such. The speed changed from 75MPH to 55MPH pretty quickly with only one sign in between a short distance to slow down. (I'd guesstimate 1/8 mile) The officer pulled us over, and said we were going 63 before we passed him, and sped up to 65 afterwards. Which was a flat out lie. My father was driving, and I looked at the speedometer when we were approaching and he was going just BARELY over 60 if he even was, but it's an analog speedometer. My aunt in the backseat who also saw the cop before we passed and also confirmed that she saw he wasn't even speeding past 60 mentioned it afterwards. The officer then gives us a spiel about how he sped up and that's the reason he's being given a citation. If he would have stayed at 63 he would have just gotten a warning. But 1. he didn't speed up. 2. WHO in their right mind would speed up after passing a cop if you have nothing to hide? My father signed the ticket so we could be on our way home. Research into this town suggests they were involved in a pretty large lawsuit for pulling over black and Latin ethnic people and confiscating money and other possessions about 8-9 years ago. But we aren't black or latin, just throwing that out there as supporting details for the corruption of traffic money in this town. Is there anything we can do to fight it? We don't have a dashcam or anything, so my guess is a judge would tell us that his word is more valid than ours.  I put one in my parents car. You never know what freak might try to fraud old people for insurance. Check out the sidebar of /r/dashcam for recommendations.  It's an issue of "he says this, and he says that." You have no proof unfortunately, just two very arguably biased witnesses. Whether youre right or wrong, you'll probably have to bite the bullet on this one and get a dashcam for your dad. I advise all people to never speak to officers all the time and just present required documents and be cordial, just comply and present case in court if they have an issue, never at the side of the road as it's not a courtroom and compounding charges can occur. Buy your dad a dashcam, say it's a late Christmas gift. Almost anyone after watching YouTube can install one in 10 minutes or less for their safety and security. Take care dear.  I agree. My dashcam is on anytime I drive my own vehicle. I've advised him of it too in the past. Issue is partly the cop lying about the speed reported and partly because he doesn't really have the money to pay that right now.  Just pay the ticket and then go get a dashcam. I won't even move my vehicle from the driveway to the curb for guests without a dashcam recording. As far as your statement, it appears that it is posted speed requirements and dad failed to follow them. It's 10mph over posted, what's the issue?  He was slowing down to 55. He doesn't ever speed intentionally. The cop was being an arse today. And I also said if he even was, it looked right at 60 to me. Same to my aunt in the back seat. Which is the difference between a 1-5mph over ticket and a 6-10 over ticket. He was not going 63 or 65 when we passed the speed limit sign. That is as much as we know from what we saw inside the vehicle. That being said, I understand that he was faster than the speed limit immediately following the sign.  In the eyes of the law, "barely speeding" is just speeding. If your argument is that you were going 61 and not 65, there's not much you can do. Your dad was in fact speeding. Shelby County. Tenaha city police.  I have a dashcam in my own personal vehicle, but my father doesn't ever get pulled over. Never thought he should have one.  What county is this? Speeding: barely. The cop was sitting behind the speed limit sign as he was slowing down to 55. The cop lied about the speeding up, so he could write him a $210 ticket vs a $150 ticket. It literally dropped 20mph and he was just letting the car slow down to 55 before he saw the cop and braked to slow quicker.  Haha you wrote `65.` but the formatting system changed that to `1.`. So you can get a lawyer and maybe get it knocked down from 65 to 63. As far as I can tell, there's no difference in a ticket up to 10 mph over. Dashcam. If you had one, it would be your witness. They are cheap and easy to install. They record everything. Everything else is speculation and assumption. Most record scenarios as well as speed and route. So, the cop says your dad was going between 63-65, you think your dad was going "just BARELY over 60", and the speed limit was 55? Sounds like everyone is telling a pretty similar story, and your dad was speeding. 65.  What speed did he give you the ticket for? 