 I currently live in Connecticut, where I attend private school which is payed for with my college fund (UTMA), which was created when I was very little by my grandparents who put in enough money for me to attend college. Back in March, my dad passed away, and I assumed that the money he left me was put into the same account, or another account that I cannot access until I'm older, (currently 17). Regardless, my mother (narcissist) is now the guardian of my UTMA, as well as my younger brother's UTMA. About a month ago, I went to upgrade my phone because I smashed it in a fit of rage after an argument with my mother (stupid decision, I know) but, when we first bought the phone in June of 2016, I remember her buying insurance on my phone because she did not trust me to be responsible with it. My mom said that she thought I was able to upgrade my phone because it had been 30 months (only 29) so when we got there, the sales associate directed us to the new phones. Some background information, you can skip reading this if you want: when I first got the phone in 2016, my mom asked me to ask my dad for it, and when I did he told me that they both previously agreed that my mom would pay for my phone, since my dad payed for my older brother's, and they would decide what to do with my little brother's phone when he was old enough. My mom also waited a year after the agreed age to buy me a phone because she didn't think I had "deserved" it. When we were in the store in 2016, she told me that I would have to pay for it, even though I was only 15 and not old enough to get a job. Back to last month: She proposed that if I babysit my younger brother 4 times a week during the summer, and make his lunch and take him to swimming lessons, and under these circumstances we both agreed that she would pay for both of my phones. At the store, this wasn't the case. After seeing the price of the phone I wanted ($1200) she told me that I would have to get a job over the summer. I agreed because since my 16th birthday, I have been asking her for a job but she tells me that I cannot handle such responsibility, while also contradicting herself by telling me places to apply and other people my age she has seen working. Then, the sales person pitched in asking who would pay for my gas to get to work and the clothes I would need to wear to work. My mom realized this and then said she would take money out of my funds to pay for my phone. When I asked her about why she thought she could, she said that my phone is an educational expense. Last week we went to the store and she payed for my phone, the tax, and the $28 monthly cost of my old phone (totaling somewhere around $1370) with her credit card so she would get the points, then she reimbursed herself with my UTMA account. I will be turning 18 at the end of August of 2019. What can/should I do then to fix this, as I am assuming I cannot do anything now. Also, I believe this is the only expense she has payed for with my UTMA money, but a couple weeks ago when when we were checking out clothes (about $215), she whispered to herself "I wonder if I can take money from your account to pay for these...". We were buying pants for me because I didn't have any that fit. They were not for a specific use necessarily, but they fit into my schools dress code so that I could wear them to school. She also claims that when I turn 18, I will be financially independent, even though she will still be receiving social security benefits since I will still be in high school. TLDR: Narcissistic mom has taken money out of my UTMA to pay for non-school related expenses, and she has mentioned doing it again.  She may know you better than you think. I bet you’d think twice about smashing a $1200 phone — especially when it was paid for with your own money.  I offered to have my phone screen fixed or to buy a cheaper phone, but she yelled at me and said that I would probably ruin it or need a newer one before it was payed off. But thanks for the advice I guess.  Unless something has changed, an UTMA account is not required to be used for educational expenses only and your mother paying for things (by the way, the past tense of to pay is "paid" not "payed") like a TWELVE HUNDRED DOLLAR PHONE (!!!) for your benefit after you destroyed your prior phone out of an UTMA account does not seem to me to be problematic. If she had bought a $1200 phone for just herself or, say, for her cousin out of your UTMA account, then it would be an issue. Buying things like school clothes for you from an UTMA account would also seem to be fine (unless there has been some sort of change to the law). Remember -- these are simply funds that are put into a trust for you so that they get taxed at a lower rate. Your mother is the trustee who is charged with spending that money wisely for your benefit. The fact that she indulged her kid and bought a $1200 phone and her kid's response is to see if it is illegal may be symptomatic of a difficult relationship, but doesn't seem illegal or violative of UTMA. That seems to be the only legal issue here (the social security benefit one is not yet ripe). The remainder of the issues seem to be ones of the teenager-parent dynamic variety.