 Hello, A person I know is on long-term disability due to a concussion. The insurance company is requesting the session notes from their therapist that they have been seeing for almost a decade for this and other reasons. Is this legal in Canada? It seems like a gross violation of confidentiality and something that will interfere with any future therapy sessions. I am certainly going to be more guarded going forward in any engagements I have with psychologists knowing that records could be requested, I'm sure they will be too. Thanks in advance! Got it. OK thank you! I've done a LOT of work involving entitlement to continued benefits. Your concern about a single statement being taken out of context is not realistic. There would have to be a theme that the current psychological problems are due to some other cause. For example, an insurance company might be concerned about entitlement to benefits relating to a traumatic event but the claimant spends every session for months complaining about feeling harassed by their current boss. On the other hand, if the claimant is struggling with anxiety and depression about ever being well again (both very common on long-term concussion claims) that would tend to support the claim.  Thanks - as I mentioned I'm not concerned on the merits, the person is seriously struggling. My concern is that they use this to unfairly deny a claim due to something taken out of context (ie. "I don't like my job"). I very well may just be reacting emotionally, it just feels like a grotesque breach of privacy. I always thought the therapist relationship was one place I was safe. I no longer will be able to be fully open any longer, nor will this person. Thanks for this. The person isn't hiding anything my concern would be around them cherry picking things out of context to deny a claim. Say someone complained about their job 2 years before. Could this be seen as evidence against? If anything this will help their case if it was looking at objectively because they truly are struggling, my concern is that the insurance company is basically out to deny claims and will latch onto anything they can. This is not only legal, but incredibly common. Your psychologist will already be aware that this occurs. The insurance company has no interest in the details of what you talk about. They are looking only for evidence of your continued eligibility for LTD. Access to your records will be restricted to only those at the insurance company who need to review them (e.g. your case manager and a psychologist / psychiatrist on staff) As dtgal mentioned, you can refuse but that may lead to termination of your benefits. Yes, this is common when you are requesting an insurance payment. They don't just say "hey, the doc said they have a problem and we have to pay for years, so let's pay". They want to know that you actually have a disability that qualifies under the plan. The medical information can only be released with your signed consent, so if you do not consent they will discontinue payments until they have the information needed. The request for information likely has to be related to the disability itself, but if other issues are related, they can get that information as well. You absolutely can refuse to provide the medical documentation if you choose to do so and the insurance company will have no way to access it because it is private information. But you will likely loose the benefit by doing that. You should ask the insurance company to detail what they are looking for in their request so you can decide how comfortable you are with it.