 I have been working as a sales/marketing manager at a small family-owned business in Arizona since March. In November, the owner came to me and said he wanted to "help me transition back to self-employment" and that he would be hiring an outside sales person instead of replacing me. We've had a few discussions about my tasks going forward, but no agreement as to pay has been reached and nothing has been formalized. I will not be making anywhere near enough as a contractor for them to replace my income as a full-time employee, and as happy as I am to return to being self-employed, I am seriously stressed out about getting enough work to replace my income. He had offered to help get me clients and let me market to his database, but that has not happened yet either. Am I entitled to unemployment benefits?  I will definitely be a contractor. I know the tests. I will have my own schedule and be taking on other clients and working from home, using my own equipment. They've already taken me off the POS system and don't have me interacting with customers. The accountant has already written a draft of my employment status change letter classifying me as a contractor. That still sounds like an employee job. There are a number of tests to determine whether somebody should be an employee or an IC. Some of them include whether you perform tasks exactly as directed, whether you report to their location, use their equipment, and whether or not you have other clients. It sounds like he just doesn't want to pay the employer taxes and wants you to pay them instead. So first I would challenge him that you are an employee and it would be improper to classify you as an IC. If he still insists, and terminates your employment, then file for unemployment.  No, I will no longer be a manager. I will be doing email marketing, website design and maintenance and a bit of social media. so you would be keeping your role as a "sales/marketing manager"? That's not typically the type of job that would be be done by an independent contractor. Will your job duties be changing? An employer can't just say "oh you're an independent contractor now" on a whim. It fundamentally changes the nature of the relationship.