 Hi all. Last night I did LSD with three others. We did it at a friends house, his mother is out for the weekend. The homeowner I've known since I was in about third grade, we'll call him 1. As for the other two I met one earlier this year and the last one I'd never met before.We'll call the kid i'd already met 2 and the kid id never met before 3. I arrived late and everyone was already tripping. I dosed myself with about half of what they were on and then sat down. I find out the homeowner had also never met 3 before today. After a little while, 3 starts acting a bit weird but we dont think much of it. At about 1 am (Im guessing) 3 excuses himself into the bathroom. We then hear some thrashing and a lot of commotion. All three of us run to the bathroom and open the door, and 3 was in there half nude completely thrashing the bathroom. 1 (kid whos home it is) gets very angry, and tells him to gather his things and go home. After we kicked out 3, we sat down and watched TV for a while when suddenly we heard him come back to just outside the door. He's trying to get back in. 1 gets up and unlocks the door and opens it slightly ajar and tell 3 to go home. Suddenly 3 lunges towards the door and starts making kinda screeching noises. 1 has his weight against the door so he shoves him back and locks it. 3 then wanders away, and 1 shouts at him to go home through the kitchen window. We sit back down and a couple of minutes later we hear a crash and a window breaking. me and 2 stayed inside but 1 went out to check it out. we find out that 3 smashed a neighbors window with a pot or something and the neighbours got up and shouted at him and called the cops. We saw lots of squad cars come out onto the street but we never heard from 3 again, i can only assume he got picked up. All three of us are freaking out right now. We're all minors. Theres no more lsd in the house. We're very worried and not sure where to go from here. Help would be appreciated. Thanks. We're in Vancouver Canada. If the police want to talk to you about any of this you should tell them you refuse to answer any questions without an attorney, then go talk to your parents about hiring you one. thanks. the way we kinda thought about it is that in a purely legal sense, anything he does isnt really our responsibility, we genuinely felt unsafe and asked him to leave. what were worried about is in the hypothetical in which the cops pick him up and ask him what happened. this kid would definitely say "i was doing lsd with some kids and then they kicked me out". from there i imagine the cops would come here to get our story. we're just really worried about what we should say or what to do there. as for your second point, this is definitely one of the most sobering, serious situations ive ever dealt with. definitely wont be tripping until im comfortable again, which might never happen. :( You don't really have a question in here, so I'm going to assume it's something along the lines of "can we get in trouble for this?" To which the answer is 'probably not' unless it can be proven that you or one of your two friends gave Kid #3 the drugs. He may try to rat you out to the police, but he has no proof (and that's assuming he even has a coherent enough memory to do so). If the police do come to try to talk to do, don't do so without a parent or attorney present. Maybe take this as an opportunity to reconsider your drug habit, as you got really lucky this time and next time could end a lot worse.