 I live in Texas and late last night (around 10PM) I heard a noise in my garage. My roommate that also parks in the garage is currently out of town so I immediately went to investigate. I opened the door to the garage and there was a cop just standing there. I had the garage door cracked a little bit because I had smoked some marijuana a few hours earlier and decided to let it ventilate a little bit. So this cop had to have crawled under the cracked open garage door and had been in there for who knows how long before I heard the door and investigated. He claimed they got a report from a neighbor who was worried about our garage door being cracked open at night with the lights off. But why on earth would he have crawled under the door rather than knocking on the front door. The lights inside the house were on as the rest of us in the house were home. One of my roommates thinks this is unlawful trespassing and we should report it, but I'm not so sure I want to escalate things because there was some marijuana in the garage, which has since been from the premises.  Okay, so I am not an LEO, I am a dispatcher though have been for over 7 years. 5 of which were spent at two agencies in TX. And agreed, going into the garage isn’t a safe option. At all. But I was giving the officer the benefit of the doubt, figuring that since he entered the garage he had good reason to do so. Yes, smelling burnt marijuana isn’t enough for a search but again, I was siding with the officer. We also don’t know any history/previous calls at that address or subject history, if any, at that location that may have affected the officer’s decisions. All the OP addressed is that the officer said they got an open door call from a neighbor but never said if that’s where the conversation ended or what the officer did next... Again, the OP can request a FOIA if they have concerns want further call information. If the OP is concerned bc of “noise” from the garage and that’s what made them come looking which, implies the officer may’ve been moving items around or “searching” than that wasn’t warranted as I said in the previous post, the OP should address that with the agency bc the officer was wrong. However, it seems like the OP doesn’t want to address it bc they were doing something illegal. I also know that agencies have different GOs/SOPs which, is why I got feedback from more than one officer from my old agency at DPD. However, I know that the info I gave to them is 2nd party their assessment of the situation is based on variable facts since they’re weren’t actually on scene. I was asking them though to verify my info If I was in fact wrong... I am not trying to be confrontational.   You're obviously not a cop nor had any police training. None of what the OP described is tactically sound or involves officer safety. Wiggling under the partially open garage door is not safe at all. It's tactically stupid and is in no way safer than looking into windows or trying actual man-way doors. Having actually cleared houses and buildings on check welfares and the like, we would never do that unless we knew someone was in actual danger. The OP was there, the cop can't claim someone was screaming for help and it be legitimate. The cop made a stupid decision. Even when we do barge into places like that, the first thing done is to shout "POLICE!!!!". We do not want to be shot by a startled home owner thinking they are being robbed. Speaking from 15 years of LE in multiple different states and agencies, no he didn't unless he is going to manufacture something. Even if he smelled the burned MJ, it's not enough to search. Certainly enough for PC to get a warrant, but in no way is it enough for exigent circumstance. This is just shitty police work. Marijuana smell is enough PC, usually, and OP said this was the literal reason they left their garage door open.  Actually here’s the thing, probable cause in Texas depends on several factors. We have no idea what the officer heard when he arrived. So going to the front door first is not necessarily the safest of best option for him. But bc the OP didn’t ask, we don’t know what else was said. We have no idea if the dept tried to call the OP first before checking the garage. Also it matters if the garage was attached to the house or not. If it was the officer didn’t hear anything odd or of concern that made him believe a crime was being committed then he had no reason to enter- so yes then there’d be an issue. If however he felt there was something going on that wasn’t supposed to be happening he was able to check the garage to check for that people are safe not injured. He cannot look at anything else without a search warrant. But he did have a right to go in there depending on what he found upon arrival. Also if the OP is that concerned file a FOIA request the agency is required to give you all the info.  Can't warrants be obtained rather quickly, on the spot? Sounds like a complaint for something illegal and the cop wanted to catch you in the act. Be discreet if you must do illegal things. Closed doors are better than cracked doors. Install cameras if you must continue doing illegal things, so an illegal entry and search could be proven. But my top advice is to stop doing illegal things, or at least stop making it obvious you are doing so. If the front door was obviously kicked open with the door and frame destroyed, they yes. But a garage door partially open isn't any indication of foul play and is a common thing for people to do. If the officer had any legit concerns, checking the house would have been a priority if not knocking on the front door. Ah, I see what you mean. Thanks for correcting me.  In some circumstances yes, but where you have a unit with lights on and no attempt made to contact the occupants first? No, that’s not reasonable because the facts presented to the officer wouldn’t suggest ongoing criminal activity such that a warrantless entry was justified. As a cop: This is just a weird thing for a cop to do. They can investigate crime but as others have pointed out, going into a garage would have been an illegal search without a warrant (from what you have described at least). Even then, wiggling under a door with all that gear on is a huge pain in the ass. If he was doing a welfare check, that's a terrible way to do it. You can file a complaint with the officer's agency and it would honestly have more affect than wasting your time trying to get him charged with something.  Correct me if I’m wrong, but if a neighbor calls 911 and reports suspicious activity, aren’t they allowed to enter the premises if there’s an opening? Such as a garage door being partially opening?  If they found anything it wouldn’t be evidence in court because it was obtained in his house without a warrant. Be careful. A neighboor might be fed up with your smoking and is trying to get you busted.  Yeah and dude keeps weed in his garage in an illegal state and one known to be harsh on drugs. He should just leave this be and keep his garage locked  Bring back pwned Slayed  Are you suggesting that an open door obviates the need for a search warrant? And if you are, don't suggest that anymore in the future, that's not true at all. Did they have a name badge or badge with a number identifying them on it? Did they offer you some form of ID? Did you see them get into a police car when they left? EDIT: didn’t check, thought you were OP [removed] This is probably a stupid question, but if I found someone dressed as a cop at my door, how could I tell if they were a real cop or not? I’m lucky enough not to have to deal with police regularly. Actually, the officer had every right to investigate. Your garage door was open- creating exigent circumstances. He was well within the law. And as they didn’t charge you with anything, I’d leave it consider yourself lucky.  Are you certain it was a police officer and not someone just dressed like one? Are you sure he was an officer and not impersonating one? This could have easily been a serial killer dressed as a cop. Normal cops, especially in Texas, aren't dumb enough to sneak into someone's garage at night not knowing who or what could be waiting in there for them. I would report it, you never know what might come up later down the road in relation to this officer. What. Punitive damages are definitely a thing, especially for civil rights violations.  's not about compensting him, it's about punishing the police's wrongdoing. Right, that's the problem. "I want to punish a police officer who did an illegal search" isn't a cause of action in court. I would be concerned that the officer was there for illegitimate reasons. It seems very suspicious. I would absolutely report this. It's not about compensting him, it's about punishing the police's wrongdoing.  Which is worth how much in a court of law? His damages are that his civil rights were violated.  That would be exigent circumstances. [removed] [removed] Okey dokey.  The DA is inaccurate if they said that. Just because you have seen it doesn’t mean it’s legal. I say that entering the home is more invasion than detaining them because when I went to law school and since then when I have practiced law I have read 4th amendment caselaw and know that a temporary stop of a person can be based on reasonable suspicion that a crime was committed based on specifically articulable facts, while entry into a home must be based on 1) a warrant, 2) exigent circumstances, which do not exist based simply on the circumstances described by OP or by you in your example, or 3) consent. Your statements about what the law is are simple inaccurate as they are missing the nuances of entry into a home. Not inaccurate at all. I've seen it happen. Generally people are confused, then grateful after the explanation. Sometimes they are pissed off. DA has said its enough to warrant a limited entry into the property. I don't know how you'd consider entering someone's property more of an invasion then illegally detaining someone.  As a mater of federal constitutional law that’s simply inaccurate. Absent indications that the information provided by the call or face to face information is actually indicating a crime in process an entry into a home is impermissible absent a warrant. The arrest situation is somewhat different, but even then would be situation specific. The home has the greatest protection from searches as a home is a man’s castle. We don’t know exactly what happened here, but taking only what OP has told us, entry itself was almost clearly unconstitutional. Knocking on the door first isn't necessary. A single anonymous phone call does not give you the right to enter.. but a face to face interaction with a neighbor actually does, crazy enough. Same way of someone says "that guy just robbed me" we can detain him. We can't via an anonymous call, face to face interaction, yes.  That might be true if the officer first knocked on the door to the main house and no one responded. But in this case you have no attempt to do so, OP states the lights were on and this would have been obvious from the street. A single anonymous phone call does not allow for an exigent circumstances entry like what happened here without more.  Contact an attorney for what? What are OPs damages? Yeah I'm more leaning towards not reporting anything and just taking this as a warning. [removed]  'm not so sure I want to escalate things because there was some marijuana in the garage, which has since been from the premises. May be the better idea. Close your garage door all the way and try not to do illegal things. If the officer found something incriminating outside of a smell, someone would either have been arrested or asked to come down to the station for "questioning." I would let sleeping dogs lie and do not give the police any reason to come sniffing around your place in the future. Pun very much intended.  So it sounds like the garage is directly attached to your house, which means that without either exigent circumstances or a warrant it could not be searched, even with probable cause. So yeah, the cop was likely conducting an illegal search. HOWEVER, as you have not been charged with any crime do you really want to poke this bear? I agree this was wrong, but you are engaged in criminal activity, right now probably isn't the time to piss off a cop. [removed]