 I am a massage therapist that has an older client in her 80s. She has been asking me for all sorts of help with a bunch of different subjects, but the most current one is what I am having an issue finding information on and being able to actually comprehend it. Years ago, her daughter had her sign up for some kind of trust that legally binds my client to basically give everything to her daughter when she passes. I don't know what kind of documentation she has, but from what I can gather she can no longer change any of her inheritors. She asked me how to legally designate items to individuals outside of her will. Is there any information this subreddit could supply me with that could help her make her intended modifications? Thank you in advance if you can help in this matter. If you need more information on the subject, I can call her to get any information needed. This is the type of information I was looking for. I'll let her know to go to a financial advisor. Thanks for letting me know. You're might be practicing outside the scope of your profession and could get into trouble. But, you can help her arrange an appointment with a financial advisor and arrange transportation as any friendly person would. That's exactly what happened. She says her daughter tricked her into signing it back when she trusted her daughter. I wonder if she established an irrevocable trust with her daughter as the sole beneficiary? Thank you for that last bit of information. I have the feeling that's exactly what is happening with her so I will reach out to adult protective services. I think people get intimidated quite easily when they hear they should get a lawyer. But if you say it in a way that she should have an initial consultation with a lawyer for free or a small fee then it might be less intimidating to get that process started. Thank you for the advice. I've advised her to get an attorney many times but she has refused. Hopefully having everyone in here saying that's what she needs to do will convince her otherwise. I really appreciate everyone's help here.  She needs an estate attorney, I believe it's illegal for you to be doing that kind of shit with her. Not to mention they'll be able to review the contents of such an agreement to see about its actual effects and such.   The only thing you can or should be doing here is finding some names of local estate planning attorneys for her. It is inappropriate for you to try to do anything else here.   . I don't know what kind of documentation she has, but from what I can gather she can no longer change any of her inheritors. If this person has already put something into an irrevocable trust, then, as the word irrevocable implies, changing that can be difficult to just plain impossible for the grantor to do unilaterally. But there's nowhere near enough information here to determine if that's what has happened. She needs a proper lawyer who can ascertain just what she's done. You need to tell her to contact an estate attorney. What you are proposing is unauthorized practice of law, which is a crime. You cannot legally do what you are asking unless you are a licensed attorney. Also, if you believe she's being financially exploited, you can contact your state's adult protective services agency. Your client needs to speak with an Estate Planning attorney, have them review the existing set up, and advise. Any other advice may be less than helpful, and may actually be harmful to your client. The thing about age-related decline is that many people forget or become confused by steps they took when they were in their right mind and misinterpret them or misrepresent them. And every age-related decline is different, so even if she seems functional to you, there may have been very good reasons WHY this is set up the way it is. It may be for her own protection, and it may have been set up with her consent and blessing. But an estate planning attorney will be able to best advise.