 I'm 16 years old and I've never been in any accidents before this, but a couple weeks ago, I rear ended a car while I was driving home. A man and his wife and three kids were in the car, but nobody was hurt for the most part. The wife said that her back was hurting, but her husband blamed her for that because she had her feet up on the dashboard. They called the cops and I received a citation under statute 316.0895. I hoped this would just be over once my insurance paid for the damages and that would be it, but yesterday I received notice in the mail from their lawyer that I was being sued. At the time of the accident, I was sober and I wasn't speeding. I have no clue what to do or where to go from here. I looked up their facebook profiles and got screenshots of the wife complaining about back pain as well as problems with a nerve and her seeing a chiropractor multiple times just in the event that she wants to pin her back pain on me.  'm 16 years old and I've never been in any accidents before this, but a couple weeks ago, I rear ended a car while I was driving home. You've only been driving for less than a year. You not having any accidents doesn't mean anything. Hopefully you're insured. This is a normal process for these situations. Your insurance will settle the matter and /or provide lawyers in the event this ends up in court. Be prepared for your rates to blast through the roof.  It doesn't matter that the wife had her feet on the dashboard. You would still be responsible for any injuries related to the crash. It is common for people to blame soft tissue injuries (including back injuries) on car crashes. Don't worry too much though. This is why we have insurance. Your insurance company is obligated to defend you. Your insurance company will argue with the other side about liability as far as the woman's injuries. You simply will need to cooperate with your insurance company as the process goes forward. If the case settles, that will mean you won't have to do much. If the case does not settle, you will likely have to answer some interrogatories (these are written questions from opposing counsel) and maybe do a deposition. You may also have to go to a hearing. If the case still doesn't settle you would be a witness in a trial as the defendant. The thing about car accidents is people often do experience pain after the accident. The adrenaline at the time of the accident prevents them from realizing they were hurt. Also, sometimes the body just takes a bit to respond to the injury. Don't worry about this woman and her behavior. I know this is upsetting for you, but in the end, it isn't that big a deal. Just try to put it out of your mind while insurance deals with it. Provide the notice to the insurance company as well as your social media evidence. Good on you for grabbing it. Most people don't think to do that, and there is often valuable information.   No way for you to know that. For starters you're not a doctor. Secondly, injuries can take days and sometimes weeks to manifest. So just keep the medical opinions and investigations to the experts and let your insurance handle this. In that case it sounds like damages to their car will be minimal so that's good news. I guess it could slightly help your negligence defense that the accident wasn't that devestating, but your age and presumptive driving inexperience will count against you. Keep track of everything related to the accident but like I said, if they pursue this cause of action it will almost certainly be preferable for both sides to settle out of court rather than litigate.  I rear ended them when we were both around 20 mph. Just the paint on the rear bumper was fucked up a little Take everything I say with a grain of salt, but even if you weren't drunk or speeding, they can still present a valid cause of action for injuries arising out of your negligence. In basic terms, that means that they'll be trying to prove that you breached the standard of care that you owe to your fellow drivers, and that breach gave rise to their injuries. In essence, the big question here is the amount of damages they claim. Obviously it sounds like you wrecked up their car pretty well, plus it sounds like you could easily have injured the passengers. I'd be less worried about the person claiming back pain and more worried about the kids in the backseat if I were you. Assuming they aren't asking for the world in damages, this will probably settle out of court but you (or your insurance) could very well be liable. Let your insurance company know ASAP. They'll provide a lawyer. Make sure your insurance knows about the feet on the dashboard comments and the FB posts. Save everything. Provide the notice of the suit to your insurance company. They will almost assuredly handle it for you.