 My wife is an MTF trans woman. We now live in Nevada if that matters. I want to know what we can do about it. Basically her old boss found pictures of her dressed up as a woman (at the time working this job she was cross dressing as a male) called her into the office and humiliated her and fired her. They also prevented her from getting unemployment and made her lose everything. Please give me any relevant advice you can. Look into LGBT organizations they may be able to help you find low or pro bono attorneys. We really still need the date. There are important deadlines, and if they are blown, what brad told you will not be true. We really need the date of termination, or this could all be a moot point. Ok sweet. I will use this as a guideline. Thank u so much ❤️ Call around. You might very likely get a free, short consultation. The key always when going to a lawyer is to be clear and not ramble: 1. I was fired for being trans 2. I was threatened that my mom would be fired if I went to the hearing. 3. I have the proof. Okie dokie. The only issue is financially we’re not exactly making lawyer money. Is there low cost or free until win options for employment lawyers? Also her mother is very abusive and leechy so thankfully my wife is done protecting her. Oh good. Go and talk to an employment lawyer. Bear in mind that this might still cause trouble for her mother, but it’s worth discussing with an attorney. Yes she has the text messages. Was the threat by text or email (that is, something your wife can prove)? Yes, her mom put in a word for her to get the job. Her mom works at the same place? They contested it and the unemployment office sent her case to court in I think San Francisco or Sacramento. She’s from SoCal so somewhere far. The job threatened her mom loss of her job if she attended court. Ok. The date is important. I'll be offline for about an hour but I'll get back to you when I return. How did they keep her from getting in unemployment? For more info try Lambda Legal help desk.  A year ago, I asked her the exact date and will get back to you She is female. Her ID says female. I asked her to look up the date exactly so will get back to you. It was only a year ago. Ok I will look into that now thank you 💖 When was this? How many people worked there? If it wasn't too long ago and they had more than the minimum employees, she should file a claim with the EEOC and attempt a Title VII claim. In some circuits trans people are covered under the sex based protections.  What was the date on which she was fired?