 I attend a private university in Phoenix Arizona and rent an apartment on campus. Recently an incident occurred where school staff searched through my room without consent or prior notice, in a non emergency situation. After contacting them, school policy allows for apartments to be searched essentially at will. Arizona law would go against this, but they claim since it's private property Arizona law does not apply. So I guess my question is does renting on a school campus not have the legal protections as renting anywhere else? Because from my understanding, such privacy rights cannot be violated renting an apartment, and anything in the lease saying otherwise would not be legal. Only a lawyer licensed to practice in AZ will know if you could have a case. IANAL, but my interpretation of that page was that the case in MA, and other similar ones, has been used as precedent nationwide.  Arizona has not (as far I can find on Google) made any rulings in a situation such as this. They do have [ARS 33-1343](=/ars/33/01343.htm Title=33 DocType=ARS) which states when a landlord can legally go into a tenants rented space. If this applies to college apartments, then the search of my room would violate Arizona law (happened without consent or prior notice, in a non emergency situation, and slightly past midnight which is not a reasonable time). As far as campus policies are concerned, they can realistically give me a citation for anything, and it even says not complying with a request from staff (letting them search your room) will get you a citation. However, from a rental perspective, if a landlord puts in a contract that he or a representative can search your apartment at any time without permission, it's my understanding that state law will mean that part of the contract isn't legal. So if that were to happen, even though it's in the contract, he would be in violation of state law. If that also is the case with the college apartment, the part of the contract that says they can search whenever they want would not hold any legal weight in their favor. Maybe I'm missing something here, so let me know if I am, but could I have a case here? It looks like there’s case law (through the courts) establishing that it’s legal for schools to have students sign contracts giving blanket permission to enter rooms for either “health and safety purposes” (e.g., checking if something is on fire, or if a student has passed away) or “institutional purposes” (e.g., if the student is violating campus policies about alcohol in dorms). [Source, with more details.](http://counsel.cua.edu/studlife/publications/dormsearch.cfm)  But if you rent off campus, that is owned by someone else too. But the owner or landlord still has laws to follow, one of them being they cannot come in and search the place for any reason they want. So I'm just confused why it's different for a college apartment. The way I see it, I pay rent to them just like I would any other apartment so why is there no legal protections?  The apartment is owned by the school, it is also likely in your housing agreement they can search if they suspect any rule breaking. tl;dr if you want guaranteed privacy that is protected by the state laws, get your own place. Just curious how this is legally determined. Like is it state or federal law? Was it determined by courts? Or is it just implied that the two aren't the same? I would like to see for myself because I haven't been able to find any clear answers regarding that. I have no legal experience so I don't quite understand that whole thing.  General landlord/tenant laws do not apply to on campus housing. Your housing contract has outlined your rights and responsibilities, and as you mentioned, it seems as if you’ve consented to searches such as the one you experienced. 