 Hey everyone. I need some help. My lease at my current apartment is ending on December 31st and two of the three roommates (myself included) do not wish to stay and resign another lease on the apartment. One roommate, however, does want to stay there and has already found another roommate to move on with her and they meet the apartment required income requirements. Our lease legally ends on December 31st and the roommate wishing to stay is signing a new lease for the apartment without our names on it. This is where I need help, the apartment landlord is trying to say that me, the other roommate and our two guarantors on the lease need to pay 100 dollars each to “remove our names” from the lease. But the lease ends December 31st, do I have to pay this fee? Sorry for the horrible formatting, I’m in the parking lot of our leasing office waiting to go in and complain. Any help is very appreciated.  I would just tell your landlord that you are not renewing your lease. Of the lease ends, they need a renewal. Perhaps the landlord wants to do this so your original roommate gets to keep the lease (as opposed to leaving it open to anyone who wants to start fresh) Your lease ends December 31st. Your roommate and landlord wont extend the lease as they'd have to create a new lease. It's not "resigning" or "extending". One contract finishes and another begins. Landlord is trying to scam you.  Because he (thinks he) can? Have you actually moved out yet? You can leverage your moving out as contingent upon her paying the fee to get you removed.  if the lease is going to be renewed, albeit without yours (and other) names on it, why would he charge a fee? he still gets his rent check from whomever each month, you (and others) move on. win/win? am i missing something? That they’re a single party on the lease doesn’t give them the power to act in each other’s stead.  But did you rescind your notice? Your roommate doesn't get to speak for you. On December. 31, turn in your keys, fill out the move out form and walk through. If they won't do that without $100, hand them the keys, document the apartment condition when you move out and then demand your deposit back. There is usually a defined period where they must return the deposit minus any documented and itemized damage. You may need to take them to court. Also, if your roommate is continuing the lease then you've been let out of your lease. The landlord doesn't get to double dip and collect rent from you while collecting full rent. He doesn't get to make up fees that aren't covered in the lease. So if after the 31st, you're no longer on the lease and he has a replacement, then he has no damages to claim from you. Tell him to get fucked. I figured as much, thanks for your reply :) I guess it's how I get repaid for helping the one ungrateful roommate. Happy holidays to you!! &lt;3 That's what it sounds like to me. If you did not give the required time I would consider $100 a small fee The 60 day notice is where I was worried it would get tricky. I originally put in a 60 day notice to vacate but upon learning that one of our roommates wanted to stay she went in and told them never mind to the 60 day notice. So I am not sure if that’s where they are going to justify the fee.  Your lease is over on December31, 7 days away, and they want you to give a $100 fee to not resign? That is assinine, your lease should explain all fees. If it isn't in the lease...then you don't owe it. My question is though, most rental require a 30-60 notice before vacating otherwise they automatically put you on a month to month lease. Did you forget to do that? Is there something you didn't do to let the landlord know you are leaving? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.