 IANAL, Check for your local rules, but after a certain amount of time you can declare items as "abandoned" and throw them away, sell them, or keep them yourself. You do need to make it clear to the owner that you will be dong so, so you can send an e-mail, text, or some other form of communication that you can keep record of saying something along the lines of "You have 30 days (or more depending on local rules) to remove your property from \[Insert your address here\] or they will be disposed of. Alternatively, you may agree to pay $XX a month, due on the 1st day of the month as a storage fee for up to \[how ever long you want to put up with it\] months. After this time, if the property is not collected from the above address, it will be disposed of. Please respond promptly if you wish to begin paying storage fees." That should count as adequate notice and if they try to come back later and sue you, you can provide this to the judge and most likely your Ex will be laughed out of court. Disclaimer, I'm not a lawyer, I just hang out here too often. Your location is going to be important. Generally, from what I've read here, there has to be a good faith effort made to get them to come collect their stuff (ie: try to plan a time for them to do so); After that there is usually a waiting period that may vary by state (but is usually a number of months, from what I've seen), and after that they're considered to have abandoned it, and it can be disposed of. If they ask about it later and you don't have it, they might try to sue, so keep copies of e-mails and texts just in case they do, and show up to court if you do get summoned.  Not a Lawyer. You CAN be sued for anything. The odds of the case going anywhere once a Judge has his eyes on are another matter. Location is not optional, because different states have different laws on abandoned property. Key questions regardless of state: - Did you try and return it? - Did you notify they you were going to throw it away? - Was that notice in writing or other recordable format (text message)?  You can always be sued, but your legal defense is much stronger if you take appropriate measures, such as giving them plenty of advance warning and giving them a chance to get their stuff. It's possible. Not probable. It would be very difficult for them to prove they left something valuable. If you were a dum dum and kept texting them to come pick up their full wardrobe of expensive dresses and sent them pictures, and then just decided to throw them all away, yeah you could be sued for that.