 So this is long and slightly convoluted, hopefully someone can give me some advice here. I have resided at my current residence for three years now, since 2015. In June 0f 2018 my apartment complex was purchased by another company and the change was made over two months, June and July. In that time a temporary manager/maintenance person was handling all rent payments. In October of this year (2018) I received notice from the permanent manager that I owed rent for July 2018. I checked my records and had the receipt for the money order. I turned a copy of this money order receipt over as proof of payment. This did not have a payment amount on it so it was deemed invalid. At this time I took the necessary steps to check with western union and found the money order had not been cashed. I sent in the form to receive a refund and had a 30 day processing period. All while doing this I was staying current with my rent (never had an issue before) and informing my property manager of the situation. November this year we pay our rent per usual and a few days later receive notice that our November rent has been applied to the missing July rent. This presents a possible issue because now we owe for November without having received the refund for July yet. Upon checking the state laws on evictions I notice this statute: 's right to terminate the rental agreement for that breach, unless So by applying November rent, clearly written and stated to be for November, while informing them that the refund is on the way, They did this so they could file for an eviction. Sure enough a few days later a sheriff knocks on the door to serve the eviction notice. Not even a few days later we receive the refund and pay what is owed, the eviction is dismissed. Now, December, we receive another notice in writing that I now owe the court costs they payed for the attempted eviction. I am sitting here trying to determine if I actually owe this. I'm guessing the way they applied my payments to work around that statute is probably legal, but, in my lease it states: 5th of the month for which it is due and the Resident fails to pay the full amount and late charges within 7 days written notice by the Landlord of the non-payment and of the Landlord's intention to terminate the Lease, The Lease will be terminated. Resident will be responsible for all applicable court costs. Maybe I'm reading this incorrectly, that's why I'm here, I'm unsure, but I read this as saying "that when rent isn't paid the lease will be terminated and the resident will pay the court costs", except the eviction was dismissed and the lease was not terminated, so do I owe this?  OP can prove that they purchased a money order for the correct amount on time, but they can't prove that it was received. Could've forgotten to mail it, could've been lost in the mail... Since OP didn't receive notice earlier, they might meet a preponderance of evidence. Why didn't the landlord contact them earlier if it wasn't received? But why didn't they cash it if it was? I, personally, wouldn't risk an eviction on that bet when the alternative is paying $230. Nothing in writing saying its attorney fees, but I do have the initial notice of the debt. It shows the full amount they were saying was owed for legal fees. In that case, do you have anything in writing saying that the charge includes the attorney fees? If so, you can sue for the difference + your own court costs if it's worth your time (it sounds like it's about $150...) If not, they might try to say the extra money wasn't actually for attorney's fees but for something else (e.g. a late fee). Considering the amount in question, suing them and losing would just about double your losses. The lease only says “applicable court cost”, so it doesn’t explicitly say attorney fees, but they were applying it with attorney fees included.  When you get down to it, it sounds like all rent has been paid in full and on time. Were they to sue you over court costs, I find it unlikely that a judge would agree that you owe them court costs for an unjust eviction attempt. In theory. Problem is, since the original money order was never cashed, you may have a hard time proving that the July payment was received. You can probably show a pattern of bank statements or something along those lines, but unless you've been paying with certified mail or something along those lines, that's not a super predictable case. Ultimately I think $230 is a relatively small price to clear this up. If they're applying rent to their legal fees, then they're probably going to be throwing late fees and more eviction attempts at you in the process. If it comes to that, you should win, but you might not. Pretty nasty risk/reward ratio there. Another poster mentioned you could pay and then sue for the definitely incorrect lawyer's fees. Imo, you probably just want to wait till you have to sue for the return of your security deposit and tack that on.  It's a civil "preponderance of evidence" standard, so I'd think the fact that he has the paperwork about the money order would be pretty compelling. He said that he tried to present the receipt for the money order as proof but it was "deemed invalid" (by whom, the landlord?) because it didn't include an amount, but (a) he's now got the refund for the money order and I would hope that that paperwork includes an amount, and (b) if it goes to court it's not up to the landlord anyway, and I'd be surprised if a judge, lacking ulterior motive, would be so skeptical of the receipt sans amount in the first place. I'm not certain OP can prove that though... Based on your updates, your best path forward is to pay in full now, then sue for the attorney's fees later. You owe the court costs, but not the attorney fees since they're prohibited from billing tenants for them. Does your rental agreement specifically state that you're liable for attorney fees? If so, be sure to sue for the 3 months rent as well, but remember that actually getting any part of that awarded would involve you proving that they knew it was illegal and put it in the agreement anyway. Yeah, I think for the sake of a smooth transition (buying a home) we're gonna pay it and then try to get it back later. although I just recently found out they charging us over double what it actually costs to file and serve the eviction... so another issue!! yay As much as that sounds like it would feel great, I'm not so sure its good legal advice.  If you are moving into a home then move out and tell the to fuck off and they can take you to court. The July rent wasn't "unpaid;" it was the landlord's own fault they failed to cash the money order. Thank you, if it all seems ok I guess now I just call and verify the amount and pay it! Thanks I thought this as well, but, I am also purchasing a home at the moment so from what I gather I should pay it now and try to get it back after I have moved out.  Check or money order written out to the company  I don't think you should pay this because they did receive payment. They just didn't cash the payment. I'd go back and get all the documentation and argue that you DID indeed make payment. Their failure to collect and cash is on their employee and the subsequent decisions are in bad faith. Also, what is the clause in your lease regarding forms of payment? It's pretty common that a check from a tenant is applied to the oldest unpaid charge on your account (which was your July rent). I don't think you'll get too far with that argument. Ok, the other part of the issue is that November rent was paid on time and in full, it was just applied to July, making November late. If that is on the up and up I guess I’ll be cutting another check. What do you think? As far as the lease goes, the statement that the "resident will be responsible for all applicable court costs" is absolute if rent isn't paid on time. The leasing being terminated is separate from being responsible for court costs.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.