 This is in Illinois. Some background information: I injured my back in March at home before the work injury. I was off of work for a while but was recovering and was cleared to work with restrictions. My doctor talked about getting a back brace but it was not pursued because I was getting better. I work in retail at a busy store. I got sent back with restrictions: no bending, twisting, no lifting over 20 pounds. Every time I would work it would flare up my back and make recovery harder. I got sent back with more restrictions. First it started out with no lifting for 15 pounds, then 10 then 5 and having to take a break every 20 minutes. Cooperate resources called and advised me not work because I was at high risk. My manager thought differently and said he could make these accommodations. So I continued working because we're understaffed and I didn't want to lose my job. (Side note: I had 3 deaths in the family back to back and missed a month of work. The same manager told me to leave because of my attendance) Couple days after, a customer knocked into me and it caused immense pain. I got written off of work on the spot and a third party took care of the work injury/workers comp. It's been over 8 months since I've gone back to work and they stopped paying me because my short term disability ran out, which is hurting me a lot financially. I'm better now but my doctor won't return me to work until I get a back brace. He said because of the environment I work in I would re-injure it permanently without proper support. The case worker has been denying the back brace for months because I needed it before the work injury so they won't cover it. My doctor has argued that I need it to return to work safely. One of the nurses told me to speak to a attorney. I'm not knowledgeable on law so I don't know where to start or if I even have a case. I don't know how much it is but I doubt I'll be able to pay. Or if there are any other options?  I am not intimately familiar with IL Worker's Compensation, but am knowledgeable in several other states, each of which have guidelines that state that if the injured employee is not agreeable to the course of treatment and/or recommendation of treating physician, he/she may petition the state WC organization for a review and resolution. I was able to find the below quote from the IL WC Commission website/handbook regarding disputes and believe that could be the basis you need to appeal through the IWCC. It may be a better route to check with the IWCC (contact info can be found in the link below) before either ponying up for the back brace or hiring an attorney. Now, if the case worker you mention is from the IWCC, that might mean the preceding guidance is moot. Would still recommend following the formal dispute process in the handbook though. Section 4/14.a) At any time after a decision, the employee may request additional medical services that are reasonably required to cure or relieve the effects of the injury or disease. If the employer does not agree to the request, the employee may file a petition asking the Commission to resolve the dispute. You're going to have to pay for it.  it cost $400-$600. But buying it myself might be my only option at this point.  My insurance does not. When I told them I got injured at work, they told me to go to workers comp. Unfortunately, this back brace is $400-$600. It's a huge one, kind of like a vest. Funny thing is they paid for a $5,000 at home ultra sound device but they won't pay for a back brace.  Does your medical insurance not cover it. Agree with other comment, an attorney will cost far far more than the brace. Assuming it's not some fancy schmancy unique brace, it should be fairly cheap. I just had to get one per doctor's orders. It is pretty substantial support and was under $20 An attorney is going to cost you more than just buying the back brace. Just buy it.  How much do these cost? My doctor  Who's decision was it to not get a brace after the injury at home, yours or your doctor's?