 Hi guys, I'm looking for some advice here. So I ordered some lenses from a camera store here in Canada. The total came up to about a 1k Cad, I paid for the product using my Visa debit and the payment went through. They sent me the invoice showing that I paid. However just after they shipped the product and sent me the tracking number, I see the full amount credited back into my account from said camera store. What should I do? And you lose in small claim. You got a good, for some reason there was an error on the wire, you still got the good, and the money is still supposed to go into the seller’s pocket. Yep, I have already emailed the store asking about it.  What should you do? You should contact the camera store to verify if they have been paid. Legally speaking, the camera store can later seek to recover from you if payment did not go through. And ethically speaking, wouldn't you expect the problem to be corrected if the situation were reversed (e.g. you'd been double billed)?  Gotcha thanks!  Lol no. They don't have the money so why would that qualify? They would just reply with the proof of mistaken refund. False. He paid for the product and the seller acknowledged that fact. For whatever reason (unless OP is leaving out details) the seller decided to refund the buyer. At least in America the buyer isn’t required to give the money back due to the seller’s negligence. If you have morals you send it back if not your a legal thief. The money had left my account a week or so before they shipped. Then it came back in.  I see. So just to be sure, a paid invoice does not really work as proof of payment on this case. I'm not against paying for it but free lenses are nice 😋.  Chances are that you're not seeing what you think you're seeing -- they may have placed a temporary hold on your card and the charge will show up in the next day or so. You have an obligation to pay for the things you buy. They can still charge. He got an item, they didnt get the money. If he had any charge due to the rfund or smthg he might be able to deduce it, but that’s about it. You don't need to do anything yet. This is a, 'just wait and see', scenario. If the camera arrives and they tell you to pay for it, you have to either return it or pay for it. They made a mistake, but they can just as easily fix it by requesting you to provide either the camera or payment for it. You agreed to pay for the lenses and they can still charge you for them. Them making a billing error doesn't change that.