 I had a very bad experience with a car rental place recently. The corporate office of the company can’t do anything because they are a “private franchise.” I’d like to cause them trouble because of the way they treated me. I’m thinking about filing a dispute with my credit card company for the money they charged my credit card. The rental will ultimately win because I signed documents and what not but I just want to cause them a momentary headache since their corporate office can’t do anything? Could I get in trouble for filing a frivolous dispute? Could this be considered fraud?  I actually utilized the higher level contact that Elliot had listed on their website to escalate my complaint and received a response from their "executive customer service." I doubt that Elliot would be able to do much more than I already have What exactly is the nature of your complaint? If it's drivability/safety related or service related. You're not losing anything by sending an email to one of the contacts on Elliott. While corporate may not be able to make a licensee do anything, it's doesn't rule out extending you future credit with the brand, assuming we are talking about one of the big 3 companies. If the complaint has something to do with a wait or availability around Christmas, to be blunt, you probably aren't going to see whatever resolution you are looking for. Edit: to add, if Elliot has a higher level contact, you likely are also going to see more movement than where you directed your issue at corporate before. I've already tried to address my complaint through their corporate office and was met with a dismissive response. I doubt Elliott would be able to assist after I've already attempted to resolve the complaint on my own.  Another thing to consider is a frivolous charge back will earn you a perma-ban from any company they operate on the corporate level. You'd be better served escalating your concern through Elliott or a similar service. Collection agencies don’t report to credit bureaus until an opportunity for payment has been extended. I think you’re getting a bit too big for your own britches there dude. They get paid by the collection agency upfront. You have still committed fraud and now your credit rating might take a hit. This is one of those "play stupid games win stupid prizes" things.  Then I would just pay off the balance from the collection agency when they contacted me. Still would be a while before the business got their money They probably do. I know some businesses just accept and send the person on to collections outside of the chargeback system. That way they don't have to deal with it and you get to deal with collection agencies. Businesses can be petty too.  I doubt they would accept the chargeback considering I signed a rental agreement. I’m assuming they have copies I worked chargebacks for over 5 years. This isn't going to cause them any headaches. They might even just accept the chargeback and send you straight to collections/sue you. And, you would be committing fraud.  You committing fraud and them being defrauded are two totally different events. Just because they won't be defrauded doesnt mean you did not perform fraud. You'd have to lie to file the original report, which is what makes this fraud. The only reason I ask is because when the rental company ultimately wins they won’t be defrauded of anything. They’ll just have to work a little extra for it  Yeah, because it is fraud. 