 Hello, I am an 18 year old student who currently goes to college and also works part time. Back in mid-2018, I turned 18 which meant that I had to get an 18+ oyster card and start paying for my travel. I was planning to apply for it, until I learned that I am actually still eligible for free travel, because I am still studying at college. I learned about this when I overheard a 19-year old at my college talking to his friend about his 16+ oyster card, which he got because he was still in full time education at college. I thought that was very convenient and decided to do some research to see if I could really have free travel because I'm still studying at college. I didn't find anything online after looking for a while, but I noticed a dude, whom I know to be 19 years old, post on Snapchat something about his oyster card (which was 16+). I asked them about how I could get one for myself since I'm still a student, and they said they'll sort it out for me if I want. Me being just a stupid and lazy guy was like yeah please do it for me, even though I barely knew this person. Anyway, they sent me a link to the official TFL website (I made sure that it was the official website) and he gave me the account which he made for me. I said thanks and paid the £20 fee to the TFL website in order for my Oyster Card to come. A few days go by and my oyster card arrives, it was definitely the official letter from TFL. So I was like awesome, I get another year of free travel since I'm still in college for another year. Anyway, about a month goes past and I'm having no problems with the oyster card at all. I was coming back home on the bus nearing my stop when a bus inspector comes on. He asks to scan my oyster card, so I put it against the scanner thing and everything seems normal. He then asks me for my name and birthday (this is where I believe I fucked up heavily). The bus was coming up to my stop, and I didn't want to miss it, so I told the inspector my name, and that I was born one year before my actual birth date. I thought that explaining to the inspector that I'm 18 but still in college, and therefore I was still eligible for free travel might have taken too long and I just wanted to get home quickly. So I told him the birthday that matched with my oyster card to prevent any confusion so I could get off. Anyway, he moved on to the next person and at the time I thought absolutely nothing of it. A couple weeks after this has happened, my oyster card appears to stop working (Note that my oyster card had a small crack on the corner). At first I thought it was just a bug (like sometimes when you tap in it doesn't work), but then I took the bus 3 or 4 times and it still wasn't working so I was very confused. At this point, I had already forgotten about the whole inspector thing, and didn't even think to put 2 and 2 together. Me being the stupid me, I thought for certain my oyster card stopped working due to the small crack on it and thought to myself "Eh I'll order a new oyster card eventually, I have free travel so surely it's not a big deal if I just tap in anyway". I keep on using my broken oyster card for about a month, and then I stopped using the bus to get to college as my friend often drives to college so he picked me up (I also walk to work). I only ever take bus to get to college. Fast forward to about 3 months later (today), I receive a letter with stacks of paper full of legal stuff, saying I am required to come into court. Apparently, on the day when the bus inspector came on the bus, I did not pay for that bus fare (He never confronted me about this and I thought I had free travel). It also said that when asked for my name and address, I alighted from the bus. This is was not the case, I gave my name and even waited for the inspector to write it down (or at least it looked like he was writing it down). I was certainly never asked for my address. I then told the inspector that it's my bus stop as he was already walking away, and he nodded his head and didn't have any more questions. (This is geniuenly exactly how I remember it, although it happened a long time ago and I didn't think anything of it when it was happening.) It then says that I had a 16+ oyster card which I was not eligible for, and I stated the incorrect birth date to make it appear valid (I thought I was eligible for card, otherwise why did they send it to me? And I gave that birth date because I had no idea it was even a slightly big deal, had I known I would've obviously explained how I'm still a student). So now from what I understand, I have a hefty fine (which I'm not sure if I can give out here), as well as all the unpaid fares for when I used my card after my it stopped working. Now to conclude this, please note that I am a typical boring 18 year old. I play games all day and have NEVER been even slightly in trouble with the law. When I opened the letter I was 100% it was a mistake, and as I carried on reading I proceeded to shit my pants more and more. I have not yet told my parents about this since I'm not sure what their reaction will be, and I kind of want to get some legal advice beforehand. As I'm writing this, my hands are still shaky and my mind can't stop thinking about how a lazy, immature dude like me - who always avoids unnecessary responsibility, got himself in this crazy ass situation. As previously mentioned, I have never been in trouble like this, so I know absolutely fuck all about law (and I mean that in the most literal way possible.) So I'm currently just praying and praying that you guys, who have way more knowledge than me, can give me some advice that can at least let me sleep tonight. Thanks in advance for any responses. r/LegaladviceUK