  ## My Ex was physically and sexually abusive. I tried leaving the relationship, he had hacked my phone with a spyware app. found out i was talking to people about the abuse, came home beat me. Found out i was pregnant, tried to make me have a miscarriage. With the nest egg that I saved, I got a hotel for two weeks till I found a roommate. He has since stalked and harassed me, shown up at my job unannounced, and has tried corrupting friendships. I filed for a restraining order and went to the police finally. Give you a brief of the person I'm dealing with: He has found out where i currently live, hacked into the wifi with the IP address.. Was talking to an old friend of mine. A random FB account harasses (friend's) ex and says that me and friend should be together. that we spoke on the phone for 4 hours. I never NEVER told anyone, anyone how many hours i was on the phone with friend. I started doing research.. Changed all my pass codes, checked my facebook logins for anything suspicious. and Boom. multiple coded and encoded IP addresses were logging into my FaceBook account, as well as my roommates. I got a VPN, but realized, he already knows the IP so it's useless. went to the police. There is an on-going investigation. They recently found information regarding the IP address that accessed my FB and Roommate's. It was at a business here in town. One of the IPs traced back to a family member/a person with his last name.. I have no privacy, and he sees everything i message and knows every person i speak to. I try my best to make money online now that im a single mother but the one thing he can't tamper with is my art. I do commissions for art and it's going very well now that ive given up on freelancing and just focused on that. He wants me back. He post pictures of my paintings on his fb and constantly post things about me/to me. (without using my name) I know hes talking to me bc he uses my Initials LMJ. This is the same person who kicked me in the stomach and choked me to the ground dozens of times. made me sleep in my car, took my apartment key from me, raped me..There are worse things and dozens of stories.. it's just very painful to talk about. Regarding the deposition: I do not have a lawyer. When i filed for the restraining order, title 46 restraining order, I also filed that my address be confidential. Just to make sure, i went to the Clerk of court to see if my address wasnt on file. I look and its there for the whole public to see. I address the matter to the clerk of court himself and he says' " yeah. .. that's not supposed to be there, we will change it now." and they did. I go to each deposition without a lawyer and refuse to answer questions regarding where i live. ALL THE WHILE, my ex is listening to everything im saying over the phone in the deposition room. He's not in there though. SO im all alone 9 months pregnant, being intimidated and harassed by his lawyer. it lasts 2 hours, I go to court and they serve me in court with contempt of court. Judge is sympathetic and moves the trial date to 3 months later so i have time to heal after having my child. my ex's attorney objects to the new trial date and the judge overrules it. between this time period, my ex sends me a friend request. thats a violation of the restraining order so i file a police report and make copies of the violation. I go to my next deposition a month later, no lawyer, Im broke. barely making it. same thing happens. i answer questions for 5 hours this time and it is continued to the following monday. I answer questions AGAIN about the abuse and rape and torture and i object to answering questions regarding where i live and who my roommate is, how many fucking rooms are in my apartment and how much my rent is, due to confidentiality. total of nearly 12 hours of questioning. I go to court, representing myself again. They serve me again with contempt, we go to the judge's chambers, me and my ex's attorney and the judge just basically tells my i need a lawyer. I Tell him: "I have answered all of his questions for a total of 12 hours. I simply refuse to tell him about where I live due to my safety, all the while, my ex listening over the phone. I will continue to protect my safety. I filed with the petition, for restraining order, that my address be confidential. I am fearful of my life, you have proof of the abuse, I just want him to leave me alone. How do i know this isn't going to happen again. "- and Place the original signed, dated, stamped, restraining order Violation in front of the judge. ((wasn't supposed to do that but did it anyways)) Once the judge saw that, he cant un-see it. immediately afterwards, the attorney tries to make a deal with me: "Give us a lesser charge , title 9 restraining order and we will settle the whole thing today. I will convince my client to take this deal." I decline and the judge, again... recommends that i get a lawyer, even to just sit with me during the deposition to coach me through this. I told him, I'm not going to answer question's regarding where i live, I legally do not have to, that is an distribution of my safety and protection. This will give you an idea of the men im dealing with "SWLA Louisiana" I tried.. LAWYERS WANT MONEY, i dont have it. I'm trying my best to save. I'm not receiving child support in fear that he will have rights to her. I dont want his money, only for him to leave us alone, He tried to kill her and me multiple times. Keep in mind also: I am fighting this hard for the title 46 restraining order, not only to protect myself, but my child also. He will have to turn in his fire arms, and the abuse will be on his record. If he were to fight for custody, this would protect my daughter from abuse/ supervised visitation. All of this is for her. I have already forgiven my ex (took a while) . I am in no way doing this for revenge. I want him to get help, see a therapist. He was abused when he was younger and in a twisted way i still love him. The 3rd deposition is today and hes going to ask me questions.. for 5 more hours. ill have to bring my baby and breast feed her there again... I've even used the following objections,. used Irrelevant mostly; Yes, no, I do not recall;but still answered the questions... Irrelevant. If the question has the potential to uncover a crumb of admissible evidence, it is proper. If the question is too far afield, though, a relevance objection may be warranted. The line is hard to draw here. It boils down to a judgment call on whether the question will ultimately lead to admissible evidence. Hearsay. Assumes facts not in evidence. Calls for an opinion. .....ect Someone, anyone... please help me. what do i do now. the deposition is today and the trial is January 29th Beyond the scope of this sub. Post removed.  Ate there criminal charges pending on EX ? You want to talk to [The National Domestic Violence Hotline](). They should be able to help you get in touch with local resources. Attorneys have a wider latitude with questioning in depositions than they do at trial. Your objections are probably not correctly used and could bring you back in front of the judge for contempt. While I completely understand why you wouldn't want your ex to know where you live, it sounds like he already has the address (according to your earlier statements), unless you've moved since then? That will hurt your claim that your address should remain confidential. Furthermore, questions about your rent and how many rooms there are in the apartment would not give away the address. Depending on what this case is about (you don't say - criminal? civil? custody?), these questions might in fact be very relevant, or at least a good attorney might be able to argue they are and without an attorney, you would probably lose. You are very much in over your head unfortunately and an attorney will be essential. I agree with the other posters that you should see if a women's shelter can help you obtain an attorney. Please contact one as soon as possible. You have been through a lot and this will go so much smoother for you with an attorney helping you.  There's really nothing we can help you with to prep for a desposition that's happening today. You need a lawyer. The problem here is while courts are supposed to provide some leeway to a pro se litigant like you, there is an expectation that you understand all the rules of the court. The judge is suggesting you get a lawyer for your own good, because you're at risk of getting screwed here. Contact local DV organizations and [legal aid]() to see if they can help - you may also be able to find someone that can give you limited scope representation (LSR) on a payment plan. I realize you can't afford a lawyer up front...but you also can't afford to lose. 'm not receiving child support in fear that he will have rights to her. Child support is an obligation to the child, and is calculated separately from visitation/parental rights. You are risking losing rights AND child support by not fighting for it. Have you contacted a domestic violence shelter. They often have a legal advocate on staff who can help you or make a referral for you to get free legal help.  Look for a women's shelter. They often have resources you can use up to potentially pro bono lawyers that can help you properly deal with this.