 My fiancé and I are trying to set a wedding date. We had planned on the summer of 2020 as that is when his brother will be out of prison and able to attend. My mom has cancer and while not impossible, the odds that she will still be with us and feeling well by then have recently become much slimmer. From the research I have done it seems like there is not an available option for him to leave prison to attend a wedding, but are there any steps I can take to make that a reality. (For example, could the governor of the state allow him to attend?) He is in a New Jersey prison.  This is a great idea! Thank you, I’ll definitely run it by my fiancé  I was loving that sentence... until she said his crime was being an addict. Sad country. Sad world.  This. So, IANAL, but a quick google search of [Jailhouse Weddings in New Jersey,](=56280) provided information on how inmates can marry non-inmates, and still remain in 'Correctional Institution' (and other things). The key points here are you can hold a wedding at a 'Correctional Institution' and these stipulations; Now, there is nothing here about an inmate witnessing a wedding in the 'Correctional Institution', but if you want to hold the 'Justice of the Peace' part of your wedding with the soon-to-be-brother-in-law, and the ceremony/reception elsewhere, then the Brother would be participating in a part of your wedding (the legal signing), but you could still have your wedding with your mom elsewhere. I'm not sure if this helps you in any way, I just figured it was an option to try. The worst thing the Superintendent could say to your request is "no". Probably no. Get married while Mom is still around, have a big first anniversary party that the brother gets invited to. Maybe leave an empty chair at the head table during the reception to show you wish the brother was there and could give some kind of speech etc. My husband and I got married several weeks ago and had a somewhat related dilemma. His brother, serving time in an NC prison, is not due out until next summer. We had originally planned to get married then, but for reasons unimportant here realized we needed to get married sooner and had to make a decision. As for your specific question, we looked into ways for him to attend but it is simply not done. Funerals, yes. Weddings, no. We hired a professional photographer so he will be able to see everything that went down and had to accept that part of the punishment for his crime (being addicted to and caught with illegal substances) is that he had to miss our wedding. That being said I completely sympathize with you and your husband, and in addition to the streaming suggestions I would recommend you plan on hiring a great wedding photographer and perhaps put together a specialized album for him. Ofc this is not the same as being there but it will definitely provide him with a personalized family album that can encourage him through the agonizingly slow last days of his stay.  Yeah, we agreed to prioritize my mom being there, I just wanted to see if there was anyway that they could both be there. Thank you though Get married while your mother can still attend and enjoy the wedding. His brother can enjoy your anniversary party. I’ll contact them very soon, it’s worth a shot even if it’s super unlikely, thank you This is actually likely to work, I know he’s often able to make phone calls, it’s not a far leap that FaceTime would work. Thanks so much! [removed] We already talked about this, he agrees that it would be more important that my mom can be there. I feel bad because I know he loves his brother a lot and him being there means a lot to him, but I know if the situation was reversed I would prioritize his mom being there, which is helping alleviate some of my guilt. [removed]  I would agree that you should have this discussion just in case the prison denies a release or virtual viewing of the wedding.  He could put in a request through the prison but it's highly unlikely it will be accepted. The cost of having prison guards transport and watch him the entire time would be astronomical. I doubt they just let a prisoner leave and come back on their own. If I was in your shoes, I would get married while your mother is still alive and healthy enough to attend. She doesn't deserve to miss out on your wedding. This is an excellent idea, you could even use your phone to do a two way skype video call so the brother could talk to friends and family for a short time. It is worth making the request to the prison. You might even write a letter with your request directly to the warden. Do you think the prison would allow him to watch online, if OP found a way to livestream it? My brother livestreamed his wedding on Facebook when he got married somewhere remote. Is that an option? It's very unlikely. It would be wise for you and your fiance to sit down and decide whether you would rather have your mother at your wedding or her brother... You can certainly contact the NJ Dept of Corrections but I wouldn't get your hopes up. Generally prisoners are only released to attend funerals.