 First of all, I would like to say I cannot possibly comprehend how is it possible. The level of incompetence it takes to do something like this is truly unsettling. I moved to NYC only two months ago from another state and I finally decided to get the state’s driving license. I did everything right: set an appointment, gathered all the documents, etc. On the set day, which was this Friday, I come in and they serve me right away. I submit all the documents to the worker and she approves that everything is good. That’s when the fun part begins. Here I need to say I am a permanent resident. They gave all my docs, old driver license, social security and took my green card saying a supervisor needs to verify it. I take a sit close by to wait, and I wait and wait... From the start, I didn’t like the whole thing. It should take them a second to take a copy of the card and give it back to me. Instead, the woman who worked on my file placed on the supervisor’s desk like it was nothing serious and asked me to sit down. While I waited I started to notice commotion going around. It looked like they were searching for something in the office. From that very moment, I knew what happened. After an hour and a half of me waiting, the supervisor called me to the desk and informed me that they lost my most valuable document in this country. Furthermore, they think they gave it to a complete stranger who was in line after me. I kind of freaked out although I think I should’ve been more dramatic and vocal to get things done. They assured me that they are doing everything to retrieve it; said that they are trying to call the guy who they think accidentally took it but he doesn't pick up the phone. Now, this part of the story I don’t completely believe. Why would they look around the office for it if they know the guy has it? Anyhow, I said fine and that I would wait for the call on Monday. I was worried about it all weekend I received a call confirming all my fears. Once again they said they had no luck contacting the guy who accidentally took it. At this point, I lost all hope to get it back this way. The worst part is that the timing of it couldn’t be worse. I am planning to go back to college and in order to get in-state tuition, I have to get NYC driving license to prove my state residence one year before classes begin. Guess what? No more registering for spring 2020 classes or getting in-state tuition if I don’t retrieve it before January 15th. I am going back there today to take the names of supervisors and women whom I was dealing with. I feel it shouldn’t be my problem in the first place and the people responsible need to face consequences. How state institution can take my federally issued document and lose it? I know they messed up big time and I can get them at least fired. The question is can I actually sue? What else can I do? Sorry for grammar and punctuation in advance. English is not my first language.  You'll probably need your alein # to register for school but I don't know if you'll need it to get the stamp. Doesn't hurt to print it and bring a copy when you apply. And as a side note: you might want to talk to a layer if you can get out of paying the ~$500 it costs to get a new one. Good luck.  I-90 is expensive and while it would be an uphill battle I would definitely push the DMV for a refund of the fee. I actually have pictures of the green card if that helps in my case  I like the idea about reimbursement. It’s not like I am after money. I just want the whole situation to be fixed in the most painless way to me since it's not my fault. Thank you so much. Really useful info.   ? No more registering for spring 2020 classes or getting in-state tuition if I don’t retrieve it before January 15th. There are other ways to prove your residence for tuition purposes. Contact the residency office or ombudsman of the college you are attending. You should ask for your out of pocket costs to be reimbursed because of their negligence. If they refuse to reimburse you, it gets murkier, the government has immunity from most lawsuits and you have to do extra work to get around that, but it is possible. It costs nearly $600 to replace your green card if you need to do the biometrics again, and it usually takes 3 months to receive a replacement. You should start that process now. I would also ask if the DMV can process your NY DL application with either your foreign passport showing the entry stamp, or if there is anything else they can accept.  You must file I-90 with USCIS immediately to have the card replaced. According to USCIS, it may take up to six months. In a few weeks, you will receive an I-797C which you can take to an InfoPass appointment at USCIS to get an I-551 stamp in your passport which is effectively a temp green card. If you feel comfortable doing so, you can certainly contact HSI and let them know that the DMV is handing out federal IDs to the wrong person--it might not be a bad idea as this would provide documentation in case "you" wind up using that ID to commit a crime. And send a public records request to the DMV to get all records created regarding this incident in case you need to prove what happened. It is unlikely that you can take any lawsuit against them because of sovereign immunity, but if you believe that there was gross neglect or fraud involved, definitely talk to HSI and the NYC Dept of Investigation. And then scan your passport: front page and the page with the stamp just in case you lose it.  Get a 551 stamp in your passport from uscis in the mean time. I refer to dmv workers as they. I am not considered international student because I am a permanent resident. DL or state ID is one of the requirements establishing your state residency. I'm not sure who you're referring to when you say "They." But regardless, your first step should be to talk to whoever at your school handles international student issues like this. I really have a hard time believing the only proof of residency they accept is a New York driver's license. Especially since it's New York City, where a ton of students probably don't even have cars. So first step is to talk to your school and see what they'll accept to prove residency. Second is to apply for a replacement green card at the link above and/or call the USCIS so you don't, you know, get deported. They do have the system to issue a temporary stamp in your passport proving you are a permanent resident but it will take me at least two months to get going through a hell of a process. It's not as easy and painless as you say to do so. I can't even leave the country right now and thanks God I had no flights planned. First of all, you need to take a deep breath and calm down. Your school is most likely going to work with you on this. They know you're here legally since you proved that to them last semester, right? Additionally, there are often other acceptable ways to prove residency in a state, such as an apartment lease or utility bills. I've never heard of any institution requiring a specific state's driver's license as the only way to prove residency. Call the school and let them know the situation. Next, I'm not sure what federal agency issues green cards, but I imagine your best bet is to contact that agency as soon as possible and explain the situation. If you have or can get anything in writing (emails included) from the DMV where they admit they lost the green card, that would be helpful so you can prove what happened. I'm sure the agency has dealt with cards getting lost before. It's not like no one in the history of the country has ever lost their green card. They likely have a system set up to issue temporary and permanent replacement cards. You just need to get the ball rolling. You could also continue to escalate with the DMV, but I'm not sure what you want them to do. Did they mess up? Yeah. Are they going to go to the home of the person who took it and break down his door and rifle through his possessions? No. Are they going to fire the people who messed up? Probably not, even if they could identify exactly who dropped the ball. I'm not an expert, but I don't think you have any damages here and generally speaking, it's very hard to sue the government, so legal action isn't really a good approach here. Finally: Congratulations! You've learned one of the most fundamental American lessons: Never trust the DMV to be competent at anything. Good luck! Edit: A quick google brought me here: [](). Looks like you can even apply for the replacement green card online. Since it comes via mail, you might not get it in time, so still check with your school on how else you can prove your NY residence and/or legal ability to be in the country besides the driver's license. You got this!