 To whomever it may concern, My mother and father got divorced in 2008 and I'm being caught in the middle of the storm. I currently run a YouTube channel with around 1300 subscribers as well as a variety of other social media. My mother has shown support and is fully acceptable of what I am doing. I am unsure of my father though, he has consistently been against anything dealing with technology related. So, I need to ask you all: Does my father have the right to delete any of my social even though my mother has given consent? The legal age to own a YouTube account is 13 years, and I do meet that criteria. I do not know what state law would apply here, my father lives in New York, and my mother in Florida. What should I do exactly? Oh, well in that case, just put a password on the phone and don't give it to him under any circumstances. He doesn't have the password to anything. It's just that it's signed in under my account and he can go about his ways that way. Why the hell are you writing down your password on your phone? Why the hell does he have the password to your phone? Change the password to both, and tell him to keep out of things he clearly doesn't understand. One of the two. Are you on the road to becoming a pornstar or instagram model? Put a pass code on the phone. Lock it if he wants to take it. Also set your phones auto lock to short time, so that if he takes it while in use, it should turn off if hes not actively using it. About all I can think of while at a family party. Goodluck. Your password should be x58Tw%~:! 5rtcW0 let him try and crack that Good point. Thank you for your help! Well, who else would it be up to? So it's basically up to me to protect my data I assume? Yes, as you said, their custody agreement states that when you are in his care, he gets to make parenting decisions.  Yes, but what I am concerned about is that if he does take away my phone for whatever reason, either before and if he finds my account, or after, he'll find and delete it that way. While he can take my phone away too, that is a concievable chance and I'm fully aware of that. With all things considered, if he does take my phone away, and if he does find out my password, (highly unlikely, but it's just a scenario), does he have a right to delete my social media even with one parent consenting to me having it? Taking away your phone is not at all the same as deleting your YouTube page. He most certainly has a right to take away your phone when you are in his care, but he can’t delete your page without knowing your passwords. Keep your phone/ account password protected.  My mother does. When it's with my mom, whatever she says goes, and vice versa with my father. It's not that he knows the passwords, it's that he has a tendency to swipe between apps and if he goes deep, he may find my channel that way and opt to delete it. Either by taking away my phone, or other stuff like that. Who has custody of you? What does the custody agreement say about parenting decisions? How would your father even be able to delete your account without knowing your passwords? Florida, but there's the concievable chance of him looking through my phone, and finding out that information through his traits of snooping. That's a whole other story though. Where do YOU live? That being said he can't delete your account unless you give him your password. 