 Location: Texas Preface: no action has been taken yet but I am wondering what the impact could be. I posted an ad on a local craigslist type website asking for someone to fix 2 windows in a house im selling. I was contacted by an individual who checked the windows and what fixing them entailed, which included replacing 4 window sash balances. I then had him message me a guarentee of completion to satisfaction with my down payment of half and then the remaining payment once completed. I accepted and he started immediately, now today morning he has just contacted me stating that he needs and extra amount of money per window which near double the price because of the time he has spent kn the window, he said should i not pay the extra that he will place a mechanics lein on the house. Firstly is this a genuine possibility as it wasnt originally mentioned in the contract. And second how should i go about resolving this or if he does place a lein on the house, should i refute it or simply pay it.  The project was detailed, that there were 4 sash balances that needed replacing, the contractor states that the difficulty of finding these balances cost him a great deal of time, thus he is increasing the price by nearly double Licensed contractors can file a lien with the county clerk when client does not pay for work completed. They can also file a lawsuit. The lien will be a problem if you are wanting to sell. Are both the estimates and quotes in writing? Costs should be Professionally Reasonable. Did you receive notification of any changes /problems discovered by the contractor that affected the budget/agreed on costs? Common for this to occur and a 20% change in price seems reasonable. Changing prices that double the original agreed on price without communicating the issues encountered and not obtaining client's consent/approval for the changes is not acceptable. Ask for a detailed invoice in writing. Demand an explanation in writing. Consult with an attorney. Dispute in writing. Negotiate a settlement. Contractors just want to be paid - something is better than nothing and a lawsuit may not even be worth the trouble and expense for the project described. Hard to answer your question without knowing exactly what the written agreement states. If you agreed to a flat amount for the project, the contractor should honor that, eat the loss, and quote more accurately in the future. Chances are this contractor bid unrealistically low to get the job only to spring the real price on you later. Mechanics liens are both constitutional and statutory in Texas, so yes he can file a lien on your house for work that was done but not paid for. You can also contest it on the basis that he is claiming payment due that was not agreed. If he does file a lien for a different amount than you agreed to, you can file a summary motion to remove the lien under Section 53.160 of the Property Code. You can also seek damages for the fraudulent lien, especially if it costs you a sale. The best advice for the moment, unless he is already finished, is to stop the work. If he has told you the price will be higher than you originally agreed, and you then let him do the work, he can make a reasonable claim that by letting him proceed you were consenting to the higher price. I would replace him with a better contractor, and while you can charge him for the amounts you had to pay to complete the work (over and above what you originally agreed to pay him), your chances of recovering that are fairly low and probably not worth the time and money it will take to pursue them. If he does file a lien, get a real estate lawyer involved. The cost will be worth it. 