 Hey all, been having what started as a minor annoyance turn into what I feel is something skirting the law, but I don't really know what to do. I live on a street with only a few other residents (4 total houses) but we live near a hustle-bustle type area that is the next 'big thing' as far as development goes- restaurants and general purpose stores have been going up pretty frequently over the past year. Earlier this year around June/July a new gym started construction right across the street from me, the building construction itself was fine but they contracted some plumbers for the water system. These guys have dug up the road right in front of my house in different areas multiple times throughout the past 6 months and cover the fresh concrete with large metal plates- a necessity I understand but it's been a long time for the exact same piece of road to be dug up over and over again. The road isn't that busy but busy enough that at least once every few minutes even at night someone drives over them and goes THUD....THUD since they're really thick. Also it should be noted that its a 5 lane road (2 each side, one turning lane) so theoertically they could close one lane at a time and just have people avoid it, but instead its just put big ass plates out for weeks at a time without any effort to dampen the sound or direct people around them. I sleep with earplugs in and I still wake up most every night to it. Here's the part that really gets me- couple days ago I went to take a shower and the water was off. Looked outside and saw them digging again so went to ask if they were doing something with the water. They said yes, had turned it off but "it will only be for a couple of hours and we notified the people effected." I asked how they notified me and they more or less dodged the question- whatever; I asked about the noise and if there was something they could do about it and they mentioned they could put some Cold Patch down from the road to the plates to at least soften it, make it so cars arent just hitting this giant bump every time they drive over it. I thanked them and went to the gym I'm a member of down the road to shower there. Turns out there water wasn't on either, I talked to the front desk and they said they never got a notification. At this point I needed to go to work shower or no so I left. I come back later to discover the plate in the road with nothing around it and no workers to be seen. It's been a few days since then and still nothing. Is there anything I can do? The noise is stupidly unbearable and I am not certain but I feel like saying you informed residents/businesses in the area about turning their water off when you actually don't isn't legal. I don't want to sue them or anything, but can I at least use any of this information to make them accountable? Who would I even go to about that? Thanks to all in advance for the advice. TL;DR: Contractors for gym across street turned off water without informing me and use large metal plates with no dampening to cover dug areas in street resulting in inability to sleep due to noise all night. They have a permit for the work they are doing. Contact your city office and make a complaint.