 Trying to help out a coworker, her father passed few years back and she was recently informed there was a suicide note. She has attempted to gain access to the police file hoping to find the note, but was denied because she is not listed on the report. She sent he brother, who was listed but the police apparently refused to give it to him. What options does she have? She was not told of the note until recently and she would like to see it.  So there was no detective assigned. She was sent the police report but alot of in the information is redacted, including 3 full pages.  Investigator here. If the case is still considered open then there isn't much you can do. Likely if there was a note and no evidence of foul play though, the case has been closed. There are likely multiple copies of the suicide note; one in evidence, one in the detectives case jacket; maybe one in a cloud storage system. The best advice I can give you is to try and find out which detective was assigned to work her father's suicide. They should speak directly with that detective and see if he can assist. Failing that, file a freedom of information act request with the department. If the case is closed, then they likely will have to produce this document or a copy of it.  It might be worth taking to a lawyer about.  If they won't give anything then it's still and open case and it is possible the case may never be closed if the death was suspicious.  Without the cooperation of the person with a legal right to the estate’s belongings that are being held as evidence, this is going to be more akin to a customer service issue than a legal one. She might want to have her brother submit a polite written request to the records department for information on how to follow department policy in attempting to obtain a copy. Well i would assume its her mother, who she is not happy with because she was never told of the note Is she on good terms with whomever was appointed or named to be in charge of her father’s estate? That person should send a copy of the appointment paperwork along with a written request for a copy of the note to the detective in charge with a cc to the department’s records and legal departments. Send it via certified mail with a return receipt. That’ll be the way that involves the least effort and should be most likely to succeed. Same here we had to wait to receive the note from my Dad. However, they did allow us yo read a copy of it. She sent her brother there and they apparently refused to give him anything.  IANAL, after my husband's suicide they confiscated the notes he left, I can't have them until the investigation is over, but they did offer me a scanned copy of them. I decided against that because I don't want them on the internet (they would be scanned and emailed). Maybe your brother can see about a copy? 