 Location: Michigan. Related post [here]() in personal finance. My husband worked custodial/maintenance at a school from November 2004 until October 2014. Right-to-Work passed in Michigan and became effective in March 2013, giving workers the right to terminate union memberships. My husband (a huge proponent of Right-to-Work) asked his MEA union steward for paperwork to resign from the union; the steward provided a checklist form summarizing the rights (still protected by collective bargaining, etc.), which husband says he signed and returned. A separate law went into effect in September 2013 that made it illegal to collect dues straight from paychecks. Starting in late 2013 or early 2014, husband started getting letters about overdue union dues assessments. He called a few times stating he was no longer a member ergo couldn't have overdue fees, but then unfortunately ignored it thinking it was union intimidation tactics (he could and should have handled this more proactively and aggressively back then, mea culpa). Overdue fees total just under $700. MEA is saying they never received any proof of husbands resignation from union; November 2018, in their last communication with husband, they said they'd even accept a time-stamped email to the union rep as evidence of resignation. Husband has been gone from that employer for more than 4 years now, so he hasn't had access to that work email he would have communicated with his union rep with in a long time. Union rep from that time he also thinks is long gone. MEA sold the debt to a debt collections agency December 2018; MEA says it's out of their hands now, and burden of proof has always laid with husband to prove he opted out of union. It seems coincidental that the resignation paperwork for an involuntary member and vocal Right-to-Work advocate was never filed. Not to be dramatic, but this has caused a lot of undue stress and hardship - husband had a anxiety attacks related to the threatening notices, had to go to counseling, and now is likely to take a hit on his credit and will have to deal with the hounding from collections agencies, potentially indefinitely. We looked up the collections agency owning the debt now to see if it might be worth just settling with them to make this harrassment finally stop, but they're pretty abysmally rated - high rate of taking people to court, tacking on fees, etc. Honestly, sending a Debt Validation Request seems like a bad idea as it will only flag attention to the account - and frankly, I'm sure they don't care any bit about the protest of the debt being invalid to begin with, because MEA does have a paperwork trail of "dues owed". On the plus side, regardless of long term financial implications at this point, at least MEA sold the debt for sub-worth - honestly we'd rather not give them another penny, ever, given how slimy and obfuscating they've been. TL;DR Is it worth talking to a labor attorney over the dispute over the validity of union dues, or is MEA correct that husband is SOL because paperwork was never filed properly / husband never got copies for himself? What about sending a certified letter making the accusation of deliberate mishandling of paperwork being deliberate, political and retaliatory? Should we dispute validity of debt with the debt collector, or keep heads down to blend in with the 80% of people who never pay up on debts? By my calculations, the debt is only legally collectible in Michigan for another 10 months, counting since last September 2013 dues withdrawal from check; though it'll be reportable to credit report for a year and a half after that. Mentioning that emails on the subject could be permissible 4 years after he last worked at that employer seems extra slimy. Had they mentioned that years ago he certainly would have combed and hopefully found some evidence. He was an involuntary member prior to Right-to-Work; IMHO they should have to cough up proof of voluntary membership for dues to apply, but IANAL...  Kind of. The creditor has the obligation to establish that there is a valid debt. Your husband then argues that he cancelled the debt. So then it is his burden to show that he cancelled the debt. But the burden of proof would lie on husband, correct? Unfortunately, if he had copies of the paperwork he signed, or any other proof, we wouldn't be in this situation to begin with. So it's a tenuous situation at best. Sigh. Retaliation on the basis of political positions is generally not prohibited. Mishandling his paperwork may have created basis for a lawsuit regardless of political discrimination. When you say "political retaliation is not generally prohibited in Michigan" - does that mean potentially having mishandled the resignation paperwork deliberately because of political stance on Right-to-Work wasn't prohibited, because retaliation based on politics is not prohibited...? (If that's the case.... wow is that messed up....)  "Our internal system didn't work properly" is rarely a good reason to create a debt. That said, your husband would have to prove that he actually submitted the proper documentation to his union rep and that the failure was the union's fault. I suspect he will have difficulty doing so without his own copy of the paperwork. I wouldn't do so without advice from a lawyer. Even then, political retaliation is not generally prohibited in Michigan. ; though it'll be reportable to credit report for a year and a half after that. You might be right. Ignoring a debt and hoping the Statute of Limitations expires is a common strategy.