 Throwaway account for my protection. Also, I wrote this as gender neutral. I pay my ex-spouse a lot in child support and get minimal time with my kids. At the time of the divorce, I felt I had done everything I could to make the marriage work, while my ex did not and refused counseling. I put up with it as long as I could, but eventually the lack of any sort of connection or partnership caused me to leave. I agreed to the minimal time with my kids, as my ex said they would fight me with every last penny to keep them most of the time, plus my work was causing me to travel frequently, and admittedly I felt a high level of guilt for the marriage not working out. I know, it takes two, but still, that's what I felt. The agreement was that we would revisit the parenting time when the kids were older. Now they are older, my work is settled down, and I want to have them more. My ex strongly feels this would be somehow bad for them, and is digging heels in. My ex appears to have a co-dependent relationship with the kids. They have made the kids their sole purpose in life. The kida have begun to resent this authoritarian approach, based on unsolicited comments they have made to me. We both have attorneys now and are in the process of discovery and all the stuff associated with revisiting a parenting plan. We have sent a number of text messages back and forth about normal kid stuff logistics, but lately my ex has taken a very hostile tone. My ex has said that if I continue requesting what I want (and what I believe I'm entitled to as a parent) that my ex will ruin my life. They said they will contact my current partner and say things that will cause us to split up. I don't see how that would be the case, unless my ex plans to make up stories. They said they will do whatever it takes to keep the kids. I'm a good parent, with a good stable income, and have always tried to do my best for the kids. There is no abuse, the kids are resilient and doing well, and I have every reason to believe they will adjust to a more balanced schedule. I live 10 minutes from them, so there's no need to interrupt any school or extracurricular activities. Are the text messages my ex sent considered blackmail or extortion? And because they sent over text, doesn't that make it a federal offense? I don't want to sit on the sidelines and let my ex bully me around into accepting a bad arrangement. That already happened once, and I'm not making that mistake again. I've talked to my attorney, and they said keep collecting these texts, and we will use them in mediation and if it ever goes to a trial. Not a lawyer, just like reading the sub. Don't know the depth of the relationship between you and the work partner, but it may be a good idea to give them a heads-up that you are in custody proceedings and that your ex-spouse has made threats to your work relationship. Ex-spouse may make contact and make claims, but with forewarning the partner will know to be skeptical. You may still have to address claims the ex-spouse made to calm your partner, but that's likely better than finding yourself on defensive footing because your partner heard stories from your Ex. I just think it best if your partner isn't blindsided. Your attorney is taking the right approach. Here's the thing: In custody battles, court focus is on the best interests of the children, and not so much the behavior of the parents. There is so much of this crap going on in custody battles that were they all prosecuted, family law would be more about who goes to jail first, leaving the kids standing around wondering where their parents are. That is not to say that these are not crimes. It's not to say that they are not serious, or actionable. It's more that you need to do what the courts expect good parents to do: Focus on the well being of the children and let these personal affronts slide when appropriate. When the courts do look at parental behavior, they do so from the perspective of establishing a pattern of behavior as it effects the well being of the children. The courts will roll their eyes at a single nasty text, but will look hard at the parent who attempts to get the other parent arrested, and brought on federal charges every time they receive something offensive. This shit's hard. It's hard to objective and know when to overlook stuff when emotions are high. It's hard to know what SHOULD be over looked, and should be addressed. That's why when GOOD family law attorney's go through custody battles, they hire another family law attorney to defend them and they do exactly what their attorney tells them.  'm entitled to as a parent) that my ex will ruin my life. Oh, your ex is in for a rude awakening. They are providing you "ammo," as it were, in regards to your impending custody case. I wouldn't say it rises to the level of blackmail, however it looks very very bad for her. The courts don't look highly on one parent attempting to alienate the other. The children are both of yours, and if it's in their best interest to split time 50/50 that is what will happen. 've talked to my attorney, and they said keep collecting these texts, and we will use them in mediation and if it ever goes to a trial. Your attorney is spot on. Don't engage her nonsense, but anytime she threatens or anything keep the message.  Yes. Keep all documentation. Get a lawyer and fight her with everything you got.  It definitely won’t look good for her. Keep documentation of all contact like this and share it with your attorney. 