 I’ll make this as concise as possible. My husband and I own a house in Pennsylvania which we’ve been renting to his son and daughter-in-law for several years. There has never been a lease. They are years behind on rent payments, which we’ve been absorbing in order to help them. Around the beginning of November, my stepson decided that he didn’t want to be married anymore, and developed a girlfriend. He’s always been rather unstable so while we’re upset by it, we’re not surprised. Throughout the time they’ve lived there, he’s worked on and off, spent money they didn’t have, just generally proven himself to be unreliable. His wife, on the other hand, works hard, pays as much as she makes on the bills, and tries to pay the rent. When one of them had to leave the house, we told my stepson that she could stay, which she did. He pulled some crazy shit between then and now (moved to Arizona and back with no money) but that’s not really relevant. Here’s the question. He still has all of his stuff (what’s left that he didn’t sell) in the house. He’s been asked repeatedly to get it out but he says he has nowhere to take it. He says he can come and go at will because it’s his legal residence. The last time he went there to get something, he told her that unless we evict him he can continue to claim it as his residence and that all he has to do is get a sheriff or cop to accompany him and she can’t deny him entry. She’s a nervous wreck that at any time, he can show up and she would have to let him in. He’s dragging this out and it has to stop. We’d rather not add to his problems by putting an eviction on him, but he’s stopped responding to attempts to contact him and help him get his stuff moved out and safely stored. As I look at the steps in the eviction process, I see that a Notice to Quit is the first step, but he “quit” living there months ago. Or does his stuff being there count as him living there? I’m just trying to figure out where to start with this.  She is in the divorce process. We’ve talked about a restraining order and that’s probably what we’ll do next. We feel that he terminated his tenancy when he took some clothes, quit his job and moved to Arizona. Our concern is that, without anything legally stating that, he can continue coming and going at will. That address is on his identification, if that matters. He’s told her that locking the windows and doors will not keep him out. We don’t know how far he’ll go. And yes, an eviction would make his already horrendous position even more so. Thank you so much. You’ve given me some much needed clarity. Thank you. We really don’t want to evict him.  Has she divorced him? It is unlikely a police officer would force her to allow him entry if it appears this is going to cause an imminent domestic dispute. Further, if she feels threatened by him she can look into a restraining order. It’s further likely that he had effectively terminated his tenancy by voluntarily quitting the property and moving per the arrangement you made instead of paying past due rent. You might want to describe that to him and give him appropriate notice to retrieve his belongings. And that an eviction, which you’d be granted, would be ruinous for him.  You don't need to jump right to eviction as he is month to month tenant. Provide him written notice, preferably sent certified mail, that he has 30 days to move out.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.