 I was riding my non street legal electric scooter on the sidewalk in Philly (there was no bicycle lane). I slowed at an intersection and then proceeded to cross as I had the pedestrian signal. A vehicle decided to turn right into the left lane of the intersection. Pedestrians stopped on the road however I was unable to and crashed into his vehicle causing damage to his vehicle and knocking myself out for a few seconds. I'm able to walk but am significantly bruised with a mild concussion. I had to go to the ER. There is damage to my scooter, phone, headphones, jacket, and obviously myself. This guy was pissed that I dented his car he called his car insurance and told them that he was already turning and I ran into him. He also claims that he has a witness because he was an Uber driver. I have a witness, someone who stopped, gave me their phone number and told me that she will speak to anyone about what she saw. His insurance and Ubers insurance are reaching out to me. I keep reiterating that I was a pedestrian and he was driving. Both of them want information on who my car insurance company is. Do I need a lawyer at this point? As far as I know, he had the right of way to go straight and pedestrians had the right of way to go straight. He must yield to all pedestrians in the crosswalk before turning despite him having a green light.  But if you hit him in the side of the car it sounds like he was already in the intersection before you started to cross.  http://www.philly.com/philly/news/philly-escooter-electric-bird-lime-skip-20181025.html Unless things have changed, according to this the law specifically says otherwise That is allowed in Philly when there is a lack of a bike lane. We're you allowed to operate the electric (motorized) scooter (vehicle) on the sidewalk? Not sure how I was operating it in an unsafe manner as I had the right of way to go straight. I was already on the crosswalk with a signal indicating that I can cross. It sounds like you hit a car in a non street legal electric scooter while operating in an unsafe manner on the sidewalk. No?