 I have a friend who splits time with the ex-husband. They alternate weekends with the kids. The custody agreement they have states that the parties will maintain their usual parenting schedule for December until there is a school vacation subject to the Christmas holiday schedule as recited herein. Once there is a winter break the parties shall share time equally. (italicized part was handwritten and initialled by both parties.) It also states how Christmas will be handled, the mother gets them Christmas eve until midday Christmas, the father gets them from midday Christmas until midday on the 26th. The ex's usual weekend falls on the weekend following Christmas. He is trying to say he should get them from the 25th until Sunday night (the end of his usual weekend.) Taking the remainder of the 26th, 27th, and the early part of the 28th before he would normally get them. The school's calendar says winter recess is from Dec 24th-Jan 1st, excluding the 24th-2pm on the 26th (as who gets the kids on those days are already stated in the agreement) that leaves about 6.5 days in the winter recess to be split equally. This is the 1st year there is a school vacation for the kids. My question is would splitting the winter recess equally supersede the father's usual weekend (or the mother's should it fall in similar fashion in future years) or would they still be entitled to the normal weekend and only the days outside of those be split equally? Location: Massachusetts Suggested possession: Mother: release of school on the 21-midday 25 (1/2 day (21st) + 2 full days of split time) Father: midday 25-30th (1/2 day (26th) + 4 days of split time) Mother: 31-1st (2 days of split time) All in all— each get 4 1/2 of split holiday time Then they just need to decide the time of exchange on the 30-31st that they can agree on...Since she has them a full day and then half day of designated time while he has only 24 hours— she might consider picking them up the morning of the 31st if she wants to be nice. However, also perfectly valid to request exchange to take place the evening of the 30th since her “1/2” day on the 21st is shorter than his “1/2” day split time on the 26th. (Edit: note that Texas classifies the beginning of holiday possession as when school releases students for that holiday— which means here, the 21st following school release (last half of the day) is classified as part of the holiday schedule. Massachusetts law may very but I am familiar with Texas law so using that as the basis)  http://www.fathersrightsdallas.com/2015-texas-holiday-visitation-schedule-with-your-children-guidelines-for-thanksgiving-and-christmas/ may help your friend make her case on splitting custody equally... says it right in the first paragraph in this post: “The Holiday schedule will always override the Thursday or weekend schedules” (Know it’s Texas, but thought it might be of use)  Also check your states standard possession schedule. In Texas standard possession, holiday possession supersedes normal weekend possession. For example, Thanksgiving this year was granted to custodial parent. However, the weekend prior was the 3rd weekend of the month (non custodial parent’s weekend is on the 1st, 3rd, and 5th in Texas standard possession). Holiday possession begins once schools release for the holiday. If the primary parent lives in a school districts that give the entire week of Thanksgiving off, then the non-custodial parent did not get their normal weekend this year. However, if the primary parent lived in a school district that held classes on at least Monday the week of Thanksgiving, then the non-custodial parent did get their normal weekend on the 3rd weekend of November this year. Please note that custody arrangements can be modified by the parents in any way they choose as long as they both agree. If one parent then decides they don’t like the agreement, custody then reverts to the agreement laid out in the court order or standard possession schedule of your state.  Thank you for the response! I’ll let her know and hopefully they can reach an amicable agreement.  However, the agreement does not say how the other 6.5 days should be dealt with. So they are left to work it out between the two of them. If he has them from the 25th to the 28th that's actually only three days and he should get one more. If your friend is having trouble working out which days each one gets, the agreement can be changed via the courts to be more specific. Right now they just need to work it out.