 We live in a complex that is still using forced steam to heat our apartment. While we thought the heating system was being updated this year (it is for all other buildings in our complex), it is not for our building. We live on the first floor and the "old" heating system is right below us and everyday the system makes excessive noise all through out the day. This often happens while my wife is on video calls (she works from home) as well as during the night while we sleep - often waking us up at least once a night - every single night. We have a video and excel log of every time this happens to serve as proof, along with sound recordings of over 80 decibels when it happens. We have reached out to our landlord and they basically said that the problem is not fixable. We did not know about this problem before moving in and it was not mentioned in the lease. We feel this problem is detrimental to our health and well being as it causes a great amount of frustration and loss of sleep almost every single day, along with infringing in our "quiet enjoyment". My question is where do we go from here? The landlord offered to let us terminate our lease which we do NOT want to do for many reasons. Our thought process is there are three options. 1. They fix the problem (which they said they cannot do). 2. We come to an agreement to pay less rent until the problem is fixed (they offered $100 off and will not budge, we pay $2300 per month so this is negligible). 3. We go to court to try to either get them to fix the problem or get free rent or further reduce rent. Any help or advice would be great! We live in Newton, MA by the way. Quiet enjoyment has nothing to do with noise. It's about not being harassed by the landlord. The term has zero relevance to your noise issue.  [deleted] Does your landlord own the whole complex? If so, you should just see about moving into one of the other units as soon as one opens up. But you'll have a hard time arguing this - you've already indicated your willingness to negotiate, and your unwillingness to leave. This makes it look like you're not really out for a different living situation, just for money. Won't help you if it comes to legal action. My suggestion: take them up on their discount, and spend the money on earplugs and soundproofing, or move.  Call code enforcement for your city to see whether they can compel a repair. If they cannot, then the landlord has already offered to let you out of your lease penalty free. That is an incredibly good offer. If you find the apartment doesn't suit your needs and the repair is not deemed necessary by the authorities who make those decisions, leaving for free is the best option. Quiet enjoyment does not mean you are entitled to silence. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.