 I rent from a large apartment complex in Ohio and have recently found bed bugs in my apartment. The apartment complex has a history of bed bugs, and I'm almost certain I did not bring them in. I notified my landlord as soon as bed bugs were discovered, and they promised to send out an exterminator. It's been a week since then, and they've stopped returning calls or emails. This isn't unusual for the apartment complex, management is terrible and often rude. I was wondering if I have to eat the cost and pay for an exterminator myself or if I have any other options.  One week is probably not enough time to warrant taking it into your own hands and withholding rent, but you’re certainly free to pay for the exterminator out of your own pocket. As an aside, get bed bug proof mattress and box spring covers and these things called bed bug defenders that go around the feet of your bed. Wash all your clothes and dry them so the dryer can kill any eggs, then store them in garbage bags as the slippery plastic on them can be hard for bedbugs to climb and if your scent is off the clothes they’ll be less interested anyways. DO NOT try to sleep anywhere but your bed or they will follow you and infect more of the apartment. You can get vacuum cleaners that have bug proof bags (usually for dust mites) and vacuum as often as you can, including the walls as high as you can reach. Do not try to take care of this yourself with any chemicals though because you could just scatter them and make the infestation worse. They’re most active around 2am-5am so going to bed early af may help with you getting more uninterrupted sleep at least.  Send a certified letter making them aware. Note your intial attempts in the letter. This should get the ball rolling. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.