 I apologise for being brief in advance any questions will be answered. I have a motorcycle that I financed through a company that rhymes with sinkcronie. I have been paying them for over a year and every month I have paid on time they have called me back after saying I am late and the payment did not go through. They always told me to pay by calling in with an account number which I thought was hella inconvenient, I tried to set up auto pay by sending in their letter twice to do so and both times it failed to get set up. About four months ago i could not contact them by the regular phone it went to an answering machine and they never called me after that first months payment so I thought that my payment went through I was fkn excited thinking that this was a turning point in their stupid ways. Boy was I wrong. They went full blackout on me due to a block on the account. I could not get a hold of them until last month now that they have reported me to the credit bureaus and I owe hundreds in fees. I sent a complaint in and they said they could not figure out why I was blocked and kept asking did I tell them I was going through a bankruptcy? I am not and never said that and now the new flavour of accusations is that I threatened legal action then which is not true I have threatened legal action last month which was more of a "I reserve the right to pursue legal corrections" conversation. They refuse to remove the late fees and credit hit I tried to pay again last month and they sent it back again with these are the wrong account numbers, I have called the bank and they confirm they are the correct numbers as well as saying they are the account numbers used the length of the loan. I am entirely lost here gentlemen and ladies. Also I can't use an account number with then now I can only use a debit card with really just blew my mind when I should have been able to use that with auto pay from the start. They do not even have a website to make payments from and this is 2018 lol I feel like they just got debit card transactions as an option and are using it like a "see you could have done this dummy" kind of deal. Any help is appreciated and thank you. I am considering small claims I am not a rich man. [removed]