 Hello, I recently left the university I was attending and as I was moving out I left 2 items worth a total of about $500. When I went to reclaim the stuff I had left, after being reassured that everything was there, the 2 items I were looking for were gone. I was told by the staff that they are not responsible for anything, but is there anything I can do? I’ve tried to contact Resident Assistants, other hall directors, and other members of staff who have no clue what to do. Thanks to anyone who can help in any way.  I'm not a lawyer nor do I live in Michigan, please do research into your state laws or listen to a more knowledgeable commenter. But my first action after talking to the hall director (which I see you did) would be talking to whoever promised you they'd be there, and then possibly contacting the police to say you lost the items. That's obviously not going to go far if you left clothes, but if you left a laptop or something like that they may be able to help. This site lays out that Michigan has no laws about landlord's dealing with property left behind, but college dorms usually don't fall under the exact same laws as normal apartments. This explains (again, same caveat about dorms being weird) that there isn't much case law to say there's an expectation they protect your property for any amount of time. (Additional non-legal advice, if you left a computer or game console do whatever you can do lock it out. Remove your credit card from your Xbox account, see if you can remove that computer from your windows account, deactivate it from your Google account, etc. Some key password changes would be good in that case too). Correct, so is there a way I can claim in in any way? Or is my only hope based on good faith on whomever cleaned the room  4 days In my room on the desk, I had an emergency and left them in a rush  Did you agree to move out X day and leave those items past that? If you agreed on a certain date they made have needed to clean the room in preparation for a new resident, so the cleaning crew went to clean and may not have known about your verbal agreement with whoever about the stuff getting picked up later. If that's the case I'd check your housing agreement and see if it mentions anything about leaving property behind. They most likely assume no responsibility for lost / abandoned property.  How long did you leave the items for?  Where did you leave your items?