 I recently got a court summons letter with a complaint that states I abandoned employment and breached the contract. As truth is concerned, I’ve never done such a thing and it is a false allegation. This company trains IT consultants (most of them inexperienced) and market them for contract IT jobs for major companies in the US. I documented everything I could, including documents used in the hiring process with the company and Skype chat that occurred after the date I was accused of abandonment. For several days after the date they specified, my manager and I were chatting on Skype pretty regularly. Just a few days before I got the letter, my manager notified me that I was approved for the next project and also asked many questions, such as my current address. Once I received the complaint letter, no one at the company responded to any of my efforts to communicate. The complaint states that I should repay $15,000 and the costs for the plaintiff’s attorney as well. I am 26 and I have never been in a lawsuit before. I am confused and also scared because I do not understand why a company would do such a thing and what is going to happen from now on. There are many things this company is doing illegally, and I feel guilty for my involvement with the company. Another thing I am afraid of is that they would be capable of lying and fabricating evidence that would make me look guilty. I would really appreciate any advice you might have for me. It happened abruptly on the day. My manager came to my desk and had me pack and leave the building right away. She didn't give me an explanation and I could never find out. The cause could have been really anything, like my performance or my background.  What specifically happened during the 1st assignment which caused it to end? I believe not. It was my first project and was terminated by my manager at the client company after 9 weeks. The complaint actually claims that I abandoned employment on the date I was terminated from my project. However, I immediately notified managers at my company about what happened, and for the next several days we talked on Skype and also had a Skype call to discuss feedbacks. A couple of days before I got the Summons, my manager told me that I was approved to be marketed. She asked questions about my availability and current address. What I found strange even at the time was that she asked very detailed questions about my current address, such as if the address I provided was the actual address I am living in and if it doesn't have any apartment number... Please let me know how you think, I am really grateful for all of your time, advice, and questions. I googled what it means to be served and I will try to answer to the best of my knowledge. I got the summons through the mail, where it specified which court and had me go to the court website and file electronically. My case could be accessed through the case number. The summons included a section titled "COMPLAINT FOR DAMAGES". I would believe that I have been served, but I haven't directly verified with the court.  I am desperate for legal and mental support but I am not sure if I could get a lawyer until I believe that it would be very necessary (primarily financial reasons). I do think I am being silly here, and I would really appreciate your additional input on this. It is as if they fired me, but I think they wouldn't have needed to raise the lawsuit to fire me. This company is very unethical and there are many things it is doing illegally. Do you think this might play a role in how far they will go with the lawsuit (if it is real)? If the lawsuit is not real (I will verify ASAP), what would that mean? I have not verified with the court but I would like to. Summons says that I am required to file electronically with the Clerk of said Court and my case was accessed with the case number provided in the Summons. The court is in Georgia and the website is []() (Please let me know if I am not allowed to share this information). Would this mean that the lawsuit has been filed? I would like to verify with the court for anything they could tell me but I don't really know how I should contact them. Get a lawyer. Gather all the documents you have, especially about misrepresenting you. It seems rather likely to me that the company is banking on the fact that (as another poster said) nobody will check whether the lawsuit is real, and they'll tell you something akin to "we'll fire you but drop the case".  You say your company contracted you out on projects. Did you violate any of those contracts? Did you quit anything part way through or refuse to work on something anymore? You've received a complaint letter. Have you actually been served? Have you verified with the court where this lawsuit has allegedly been filed that you are in fact being sued?