 Hi /r/legaladvice! I come to you with a heavy heart and a brain wracked with stress, and I hope that you can give me some advice, or at the very least, some information on Texas employment code. I work part-time for a public university, and I rent an apartment a few blocks from school. At my job, I do not have a specific shift, it is more of an "on-call" job, but I consistently work 20 hours/week. I am required to submit all of my hours on time, at which point my boss is required to approve my hours, in order for me to be paid for a given pay period. I am paid every other Friday. At the beginning of December, I made the mistake of not submitting my hours on time. This was because I was not properly informed of when the hours were required to be submitted -- previously my hours were required to be submitted every other Tuesday by noon, but this semester they changed it to every other Monday by noon. I was not informed of this change until my boss told me that he could not approve my hours when I submitted them Tuesday morning (8 or 9am). Therefore, I was not paid that Friday. This was devastating to me, as I live in poverty, and that paycheck was required for me to be able to pay rent. I contacted my employer's payroll department and explained to them the situation. They told me that there was absolutely no way to pay me outside of the regularly scheduled paychecks, so I would not be paid until the next pay period, at which point I would be paid for the current and previous pay periods. I contacted the property manager at my apartment complex and briefly explained the situation and told them that I would pay December rent plus all late fees when I got my next paycheck, in mid-December. They responded that that would be okay, as long as I paid the late fees. Well, last week rolled around, and I was only paid for one pay period, not two. I checked my hours, and sure enough, my boss made a mistake. Despite me informing him that he needed to approve my hours for both pay periods, he only approved the hours from the previous pay period, and not the current one. Therefore, my hours for the most recent pay period are still not approved, and so I was only paid for the previous pay period. This is not enough money to pay December rent plus late fees, so I was forced to go back on my word to my property manager and not pay rent. I received an email this morning from my property manager telling me that December rent plus late fees must be paid immediately or they will start eviction proceedings. I have emailed payroll at my university, but I am not sure how long it will take to get back to me, and if my last experience contacting them is any indication, I don't expect them to do anything but bluntly and rudely tell me to pound sand and wait until the next paycheck (next Friday). What are my options? Is it legal for my employer to neglect paying me on time consistently? This is not the first time that something like this has happened, it is merely the first time that the consequences have been so devastating for me. I only have a couple hundred dollars in my bank account, and I need this money to pay rent (when I get paid the rest of the money, that is...), so I cannot afford a lawyer. Thanks LegalAdvice. Please help :( This is secondary to your immediate problem, but might help avoid you getting an eviction: Contact your landlord and let him know the situation--that your employer changed a payroll process and as a result, they've neglected to pay you for a week's pay, and they refuse to go outside of the regular payroll schedule to fix it. They may be willing to work with you, especially if it's a smaller company. If they have faith you'll get caught up, it's cheaper for them to give you the chance than to deal with evicting you and re-renting. Since it's your employer's fault you racked up late fees, you may be able to take them to small claims over it, but then you might also have to find a new job. (Which considering their lack of organization, might not be a bad thing.) If your boss failed to tell you a new date and failed to contact you for your hours then that is not your fault. Your boss should have tried to call you when you did not submit yet and the deadline was closing, especially since a recent change. Your boss and payroll should be working quickly to fix this.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.