 I needed my endocrinologist’s signature notarized for a gender change form a couple weeks ago, and paid $25 for it. I assumed the $25 was for the notary, my endo’s fee, the office fee for such, and so on. The secretary took the fee, gave me a receipt, and said she’d have the form printed, signed, and notarized for me. I got it a couple days later, and thought that was the end of it. Unfortunately, I had the form denied as it was on the wrong type of paper. While unfortunate, I can’t really blame the office for that. I mean, wrong type of paper? Really? It got me pretty upset... When I returned with the correct form on archival bond paper and brought it to my endo’s secretary, she said that it would be another $25 fee for it to be notarized. Well, I really didn’t want to pay for the same thing twice, so I offered to just pay the notary’s fee, whatever that was. The secretary told me that no, the entire $25 was going to the notary. Now I’m not the smartest knife in the box, but I try to not be taken advantage of, at the very least. I ask why the fee was so high, since unless she’s traveling ~60 miles or so, I don’t think she’s allowed to charge that much. She told me that it was for the notary’s time. Is that how notary pricing usually works, and I’ve just misunderstood it? I figured that if the law goes so far as to mention $0.35 per mile traveled and a $5 maximum fee that the time itself isn’t something that could be charged for. I don’t want to end up paying $50 for someone to say “...yep, that’s a signature.” Am I just out of luck? That makes sense. I only bring it up because the secretary said that it wasn’t the office or doctor’s fee, it was strictly from the notary. I’ll try and find a cheaper notary then. The law does say: -five cents for each mile of travel. However, since you are not directly paying a notary (you are paying the doctor a fee to have something notarized, even if they do then pay the entirety of that fee to someone else), and it is not your signature being notarized meaning the contract is between the doctor and the notary, I am not sure you have standing to allege a violation of that particular law. You may want to see if you can find your own notary to do it for cheaper. Yes. But it was unclear from the OP if the notary was traveling. And if the doctor’s office was the cause that required the notary to travel, that seems shady to pass that cost on to someone who cannot choose the person and location of the notary.  Notaries can charge for travel and if they print or copy the documents, those fees are generally allowed. Some states require the notary to be the one making a copy, if it's a certified copy, because they are a witness that the original is a match and was not altered. Notaries that do real estate signings often get $75-$200 depending on distance they travel. I'm not clear if the notary in this case works in the office? If so then they are probably in the wrong here.  It appears there is such a law in Connecticut: CT Gen Stat § 3-95, which provides: -five cents for each mile of travel. u/Mr_PresidentSP \-- there may be states in which what you said is accurate. But notary fees in Connecticut are not "charge whatever they want." You're surprised that your doctor's office is over-charging you for a service? Section 3-95 of the Connecticut Statutes say that a notary's fee can only be $5 + 0.35 per mile traveled (well under the federal applicable rate.) This is what I'd do: pay the $25, get the receipt, file a complaint with the CT Secretary of State's office -- see [](). In the complaint mention that they charged you $25 to notarize a signature in violation of section 3-95 and give them a copy of the receipt. At minimum, you'll probably receive a $40 refund. Most of what I'm finding says that the allowable fee is $5 + $0.35/mile. Do you know a notary? The maximum and only fee that a notary public is permitted to charge under Connecticut law is $5.00. If they overcharged you, report them to the state and they can lose their appointment. [Notary fee. ]()   Sorry if I totally misunderstood this. What law do you think says notaries can't charge a fee? 