 First time poster here, I apologize if this isn't the right place to post about this issue. Sorry for the novel, tl;dr at the bottom. I bought my car in April of 2016. It's an '08 Subaru Outback with 50k on it at the time of purchase, and I got it inspected by someone I trust and all that. It passed. I paid 11k for it with 2k down. However, I've had to get major and minor repairs about every six months since getting it. I drive a lot but not a crazy amount and I've never been in an accident. This car is costing me so much money and I still owe like 4k on it. As the repairs keep piling up, I'm realizing that something is off here. I went to the dealership to see a specific car that they said had been sold earlier that day, but was shown this slightly more expensive car instead. I was told that the mileage was so low because it was part of a fleet, and most recently had been an elderly person's car to get groceries and stuff. I negotiated the price down and they included their buyers incentive program in the deal, which included free oil changes and minor repairs. They have ALWAYS charged me for these things for one reason or another despite my loud protests, so I stopped going there. When the control arms were shot, I took it to them to get inspected because they wouldn't charge me until they repaired something and I got a free loaner (that of course wasn't free) and I was desperate for a vehicle due to work obligations. Here's the real sketch part. They called me and told me it was totaled and that there were all these things wrong with it. But hey, they just happened to have a mechanic who could fix it that wanted it for his wife, he would give me $500 for it and they could put it towards my new car purchase. I said no and took it to a family friend who said that was bulls and fixed it for me. Now it is broken again and this same family friend (who has his own auto shop) just called and told me that the car had probably not been driven for years before I bought it and everything was rusting out and that's why it keeps breaking so catastrophically. Do I have any options whatsoever here to get this dealer to cough up? They are a well known, popular chain in my area, so its not like it was a back alley deal. I have some pretty damning evidence of getting lied to and scammed-receipts and emails and paperwork. Any input at all would be appreciated. Thank you! TL;DR : Bought an older car in seemingly great shape even after inspection, but after consistent hefty repairs and consistently scammy dealings with the dealership, a trusted mechanic has told me that I was probably lied to majorly when I bought the car. I have additional evidence of being lied to. I'm looking for any avenues I can take to get restitution or something from this dealer.  What I believe you are asking about is called a "Lemon Law". In MN, the lemon law only pertains to used vehicles sold that are still under the original manufacturer's warranty. Meaning it must be within the year and mileage parameters and used more than 40% for personal use. A used vehicle sold AS\_IS is just that, the way it sits. From my knowledge in MN there is no recourse after the sale of the vehicle. Well, and this:  Except this is no lemon. This is just general upkeep. Tires? Struts? CV boot? All wear items.  You have no recourse against the dealer. You bought a used car with no warranty and were given the chance to inspect it and you found the condition satisfactory. It's your problem to deal with. That's what as "as is" sale means. Used car with no warranty, correct? Unless you were intentionally misled about the condition of the car upon purchase, generally, when you buy a used car with no warranty, you're also buying all the past/present/future problems the car had/has/will have as well. I didn't see a location in your post -- some states have used-car lemon laws that cover used cars sold from dealerships under a certain age and under a certain amount of miles.