 I've had to file two claims in two days for about 170 dollars each. I'll elaborate: Charge One: I tried to order something online, me and my friends pooled money for it, I only expected to pay 20 dollars, as I collected the money for the other 65. Unfortunately, I got charged twice from the merchant; and they don't have confirmations from either time I tried to order. I trust this store, I've ordered from them before, no issues. I sent them an email, they confirmed everything I said, but essentially told me to take it up with the bank. I did, I have an email proving that no orders were placed, and filed a claim, got a claim number. That's going to take "10 business days," but who knows how long that's actually going to take. The banker said it was probably an open and shut case. I can deal with that, it was a lot of money, but I could manage for 10 days. Charge Two: This happened about an hour ago. I woke up, realized I had an email from Wells Fargo saying there was a negative balance in my account. Interesting, as I had just deposited a check and expected a higher balance that -32 dollars. I go online to find out what happened. Turns out, I apparently deposited a check two months ago twice. I didn't deposit it twice, I think I would remember having a sudden extra 171 dollars in my account. I called the bank (again) went through the same process, the bankers and claims department also didn't see any check deposited twice. Same shit, got a case number. This time I asked if there was anything I could do to speed this process, as I have bills due, and 300+ dollars is a lot of money that I need to have to live. The phone rep put in a note that they need to expidite it, and it should be resolved by the end of the week. I don't have until the end of the fucking week. I politely ask her if she can do anything else; I do need the money for rent and groceries, and I'd rather not have to pick one over the other. She says that's all she can do. So, meanwhile, I have a negative balance in my account and no way to fix that for at least 5 days. I can't pay my bills and I honestly don't know what to do. Is there any legal recourse I have? I'm just genuinely desperate and know nothing about law. What can I do?  That's not true at all. Credit card billing errors are governed by Regulation Z (Truth in Lending Act), which has significantly longer time frames for crediting fraudulent activity (within 2 complete billing cycles) than debit cards. Regulation E, which governs billing errors on debit cards, requires you receive a provisional credit within 10 business days of the filing of the claim. Regarding the claims, unfortunately, this is sometimes what happens. The bank has the right and ability to investigate your claim within the 10 business days, and they may take that time, especially with two instances of squirrely activity occurring on your account within such a short time. However, they must give you provisional credit by that 10th business day if they would like to take longer than that in performing the investigation. That said, it would behoove you to build an emergency fund, even if it's just a small one, for situations like this. That way, you're not struggling in the case of an unfortunate event. Good luck. If the bank gave you extra money via some error when you werre depositing a check, they're gonna take the money back and they are well within their right to do so. So that's normal, but I'd drop that bank like a hot potato. Future tip: get a credit card. You'll have much more protection and timely reversal of charges than you get with bank account/debit card charges. Yeah :( I expected as much. Thanks for the help.  If/when you get your money back, you can close your accounts and switch banks. 