 My boyfriend and I had just moved in together. We paid our deposit and first months rent. Second month is coming up, but now I absolutely despise him. He’s not the person at all I thought he was. He’s become abusive. Both of our names are on the lease. I live in Ohio. How can I move out? I don’t want to give him a notice because I’m scared. What can happen to me? I don’t care if my credit is damaged, or if other people won’t rent to me. I have a 2 year old daughter (not with him) and I need to leave for the both of us.  Good. That helps. I would focus on your safety with a protective order and go from there.  It’s a three bedroom  If you move out, you are still responsible for the agreed upon amount of rent until the lease is up or another person moves in to pay the rent. Your lease is a contract and you are obligated to it. You can talk with your landlord and your boyfriend and see if they are willing to terminate your responsibility based on a payment of some kind. If it is a one bedroom it will be all but impossible to get out financially unless your boyfriend is willing to take over the payments. If your boyfriend is being violent towards you, go and see if you can get a domestic violence restraining order against him. This may provide you with a way out, financially. It depends on the circumstances. If you are worried about your safety just move out and deal with the financial consequences later. Please stay safe. This is a legitimate question, and a very common one for anyone trying to escape domestic abuse. OP, do not be discouraged by some of the accurate but less helpful responses given your specific situation. Yes - you will legally continue to be responsible for any contracts (lease, utilities, etc) until the contract ends or you are released from the contract. A victim's advocate can help you navigate legal options to be released from those contracts to enable you to escape a domestic situation where you fear for your safety.  IANAL. YOU ARE NOT ALONE. If your boyfriend is abusive, and you fear for your safety or the safety of your daughter, please GET HELP and GET OUT. Please do it now. Some states have specific statutes or laws that allow tenants to legally break their lease if they fear for their safety due to domestic abuse, violence, or sexual assault. This includes co-tenant situations, but varies from state to state. I didn't find a specific law for Ohio, but a Victim's Advocate in your state could give much better advice about your options, and help you navigate the legal and logistic decisions. It looks like in Ohio you can get help from the Ohio Domestic Violence Network. [http://www.odvn.org](http://www.odvn.org) 800-934-9840 Here's how they define abuse: Domestic abuse is when your partner uses a pattern of coercive and assaultive behaviors to obtain power and control over you. The American Heritage Dictionary defines coercion as “to force to act or think in a certain way by use of pressure, threats, or intimidation or to compel; to dominate, restrain, or control forcibly; and to bring about by force or threat.” If sexual assault factors in to your situation, you can also call RAINN: []() 800.656.HOPE (4673)  Too add if he is abusive call the cops. After your leave. It wouldnt help with your lease problem but the cops should be called. You continue to be responsible for your part of the financials until the lease is up or until you're removed from the lease. That means you pay your half of the rent, utilities, whatever. If you don't, you can be both evicted and sued. but what happens if I just move out without giving anyone a notice?  You can't "give him notice". Well, you can, but it doesn't mean anything. You have a contract between you, your boyfriend and the landlord. You can't eliminate or alter that contract unless everyone agrees to this. You are liable for the lease and your portion of it until you're voluntarily removed or the lease expires. You can certainly move out at any time, but that doesn't absolve you of your monetary responsibilities.