 I’ll try to make this short. I applied for a Distribution and Logistics assistant, I got he job and I’ve been working here since August. I found out last week that they want me to pass my driving test by February 6th when my probation ends and said “that’s was a condition of your probation”. I was never told this. I looked through my contract and it says nothing about failing my probation due to not driving. I spoke to my line manager 2 months ago and asked if I had to pass by February and he told me not to worry about it, that they know I’m getting it done and that I’ll mainly be in the warehouse anyway. I then heard wind by my department manager that the big boss was asking “how long did we give her to pass” so I went straight to her and asked, she said “someone else could of had the job who can drive so we have you 6 months to pass”. (Seriously who can pass in 6 months with no experience and doing 1 hour a week). I then was freaking out and had my probation review, to which my line manager actually told me the big boss didn’t look at my CV and actually only found out 30 minutes before my interview I didn’t have a license. He then went through a 1-5 score sheet my department manager did for me, it was all top scores for all areas, he has had to change that to a lower score so HR don’t ask why they won’t take me on full time if I’m doing so good. This is all to cover their back so they don’t get in trouble with HR. Today, I found out that my boss spoke to my line manager and he told him that they changed the role profile after I started to needing a full driving license to cover their backs. I’ve since joined union to help. What should I do? I’d like to mention I take no days off, I got given a loan laptop to do work at home in my spare time (no one here would ever offer to do that), I’m a very keen and hard worker. I bought a car on my first pay check aswell. I have my theory test next Saturday, but practical test dates are 2 months in advance. Should I tell HR? Or just gets advice from Union first?  Sorry!! Thank you!  Try r/LegalAdviceUK. We're the American subreddit; here they can fire you for not liking the kind of car you drive. As for your situation; first step, call your union rep. That's what they're here for.