 I'm at my wits end with the Florida Department of Revenue and I'd like to see what my options are. A quick rundown of where I am: I've had full custody of my two children for 8 1/2 years now. The parenting plan in the divorce gave my ex wife every other weekend overnight, she has not once done this. She sees them once or twice a year, if that, and then only for an afternoon at a time. During this time she has not held down a job for more than a coupe of weeks, and as far as I'm aware she's been willfully unemployed as a stay at home mom for her two additional children she's had with her new husband. In early 2015 the DoR brought her to court for contempt, at which time she was ordered by a judge that at any time that she's not employed she was to supply the DoR with 30 unique job applications per month to prove that she's looking for employment or else she'd be facing jail time, she can not possibly be doing this. As of right now she owes just over $22,000 in back child support. She made a payment yesterday of $16.32 and that halted any enforcement activities since (aside from passport denial and withholding her tax returns, two things that would mean nothing to her), as I was told by the DoR, that showed compliance. I'm a bit speechless right now trying to understand how this even remotely makes sense. At this point I'm being told by the DoR that there's no further action they'll be taking at this time due to her making a payment, despite the laughable amount. I was also told by them that if I tried to file a contempt motion myself that they would have zero involvement, and I can't afford an attorney myself. I've got the address for the DoR location closest to me and I plan on going there next week, I just want to know what my options are to pursue this. Anything at all, whether from someone who knows the law or has had this kind of experience in the past, would be greatly appreciated.  Sorry, I missed this. My attorney accepts payments from me. My ex has offended her personally, and has done some creepy stuff towards her, so she is incredibly generous. When she wins fees, she knocks them off what I owe her. I didn't think of that, that's something I should look for. Did you have to pay your attorney up front or did he/she take the case and go for fees from your ex after the fact? When my attorney filed an enforcement against my ex for non-payment, he was also ordered to pay my legal fees. The judgment put the matter between my attorney and him, and she was able to sue him in her own name for non-payment, if need be. We have the same issue with husband’s ex. We got medical bills reduced to judgement. She pays zero and quit her job (she was a paralegal for 15 years or so) to stay at home with the kids (that we have custody of and live in our house). We could probably trade stories all day. As far as our understanding goes, the new “husband” (none of our divorces are finalized) claims “wife” on his taxes. Since they file jointly, we get the tax return applied to arrears, unless he files for injured spouse. That could be something you look into. California is a community property state. Idk about Florida, but maybe that’s a possible avenue.  Oh wow yes absolutely this is years past needing a lawyer. FWIW many lawyers will set up a payment plan with you, something like $200/month. With some downsizing and maybe a new credit card it’s probably more doable than you think. You also should be able to get income attributed to her being a stay at home mom with a husband who works (usually her husband wouldn’t come into it but if he is the reason she can afford to stay then it can be considered in many states). So you not only need to enforce child support you should also try to get a whole new child support order.  Unfortunately this has been going on for years. She makes one or two payments per year, if that. Some years her husband claims her on his taxes, in which case I'll get something from the tax return, other years I see nothing. In the last 3.5 years she's paid about $1800, which is just over 4 months worth of payments (monthly plus ordered amount towards arrears). The problem is that she just seems to be working the system with no consequence. They make agreements with her to pay, she doesn't pay, they make another agreement, she doesn't pay, and so on, until they threaten months later to suspend her driver's license. Once they make that threat she either pays a tiny amount (last time it was $91) and that satisfies things again for another 6 months. At one point she filed a motion to contest the suspension, at which point all enforcement activities were frozen for the 5 months it took to get a hearing. I'm really just frustrated. She plays round and round with them, promising payments and not making them, staying unemployed, and the DoR does essentially nothing. Denying a woman a passport who would never think of applying for one anyway is hardly a penalty. Same thing with reporting her to the IRS, if she refuses to work she's not filing for taxes, so that "penalty" has no teeth. It's a no win situation for me, due to her nonpayment I really can't afford a lawyer, but it looks like more and more (due to the complete incompetence of the department of revenue) that that's the only way I'll ever see any child support on anything resembling a regular basis.  I don’t know your child support order but it sounds like she made a partial payment this month and they’re counting that as compliance. If she doesn’t pay next month she will likely be out of compliance again. It is my guess that she is actually submitting these job applications (she just has to fill them out not actually apply it sounds like) and so they are letting her pay a reduced amount, satisfied that she’s trying. You will need an attorney if this continues. 