 I got a parking ticket in NYC (Manhattan) yesterday and I think it is totally BS. It wasn't written by a cop, but by a traffic agency employee. The ticket is for "improperly displayed plate" in violation of NYC Traffic Rules, Section 4-08(j)(2), which states, in pertinent part, as follows: . No person shall stand or park a vehicle unless it properly displays the current plate or plates issued to it. For the purposes of this paragraph (j)(2), New York plates shall not be deemed properly displayed unless they are conspicuously displayed, one on the front and one on the rear of the vehicle, each securely fastened so as to prevent the same from swinging and placed, whenever reasonably possible, not higher than 48 inches and not lower than 12 inches from the ground, and they are kept clean and in a condition so as to be readable and shall not be covered by glass or any plastic material, and the view thereof shall not be obstructed by any part of the vehicle or by anything carried thereon. New York dealer or transporter plates issued pursuant to §415 of the Vehicle and Traffic Law shall be deemed properly displayed if the one plate issued is placed on the rear of the vehicle as described above. New York motorcycle plates and plates from other states shall be deemed properly displayed if at least one plate is fastened on the rear of the vehicle. By way of background, my car has both plates displayed (front and back). In the comments section of the ticket, it says "Tag Line Covered." I googled this and could not find anything specific about what this means. The link below is what my plates look like with my license plate bracket. My only guess is that the reference to "tag line" means that the "Empire State" slogan on a standard NYS license plate (link below) is covered, but nowhere in the statute does it state that the slogan must be conspicuously displayed. In fact, if that is what the ticket is referencing, nearly 50% of all cars in NYC would be ticketed due to dealer-advertised license plate brackets. I have had this car for 1.5 years and never had any complaints about my license plate bracket. What should I do? My personal thought is to plead guilty and request an online hearing to dispute the ticket. FYI the ticket wasn't issued by a police officer, but someone from the traffic agency. []()(my license plate with bracket) [\_registration\_plates\_of\_New\_York#/media/File:NY-2010-License-Plate.jpg]() (what a standard NY plate looks like, along with "Empire State" slogan) clearly says blocking the plate in any way is prohibited. even mentions plastic. you've already missed the 24 hour window to fix it.. did you even read the back of the ticket sheesh I've gotten this ticket. It's legit. No lettering even the state and other non license plate number info can be covered the slightest. I had gotten the dealership that installed the cover to pay for it. IANAL. I agree the view of the plate is not obstructed. If it is worth your time to fight it then you can argue your plate is “readable” and is NOT “obstructed”.  . [deleted] While it is a dick move. Technically plate frames are illegal.  it's known in NJ and NY that you can't have a frame around the plate because it blocks some of the writing. yes almost every car has it and a cop only writes it out if they want to. either fight it or pay it. this isn't points on your license or more than $100 in fine.