 Im not exactly sure what to do in this instance. She hasn’t finished the book yet nor have I read a draft but she mentioned in several instances that events like my rape were in her book. I did not give her permission to talk about this nor did she ask for my approval. Is she legally allowed to do this? Is there anything I can do to stop it? I do not wish to have this published for private personal reasons.  And the suggestion above is simply to threaten litigation whether it can be successful or not. Which is again, poor advice. Sorry, gotta disagree again. Aside from your definitive statement that they have no claim, when they may well have an actionable claim, threatening litigation in this case may make the publisher balk at going through with publication, particularly if they don't expect it to be a successful novel. This kind of litigation can cost well into the 6 figures, if not higher, and if they expect this to only sell a couple thousand copies, it's simply not worthwhile, and they may walk away. In short, given that the claim is not immediately frivolous, it is poor advice to say that OP should ignore her legal rights. Maybe, but that doesn’t change the fact that her mom will most probably share her book with friends and family, which is probably OP’s biggest worry... IANAL but doesn't Australia still have laws that supress the identification of sexual assault victims? I'm pretty sure they applied to media the courts in all states. nbsp; If she publishes identifies herself as the mother of a rape survivor, isn't there a risk of breaching those laws? NAL just wanted to say I'm sorry.  In addition to what others have said about publishing and distribution probabilities it could be reasonable to request she use a pseudonym and change the character names to avoid linking actual people to the events depicted.  I appreciate hearing this!!  NAL, but I’ve worked as an editor in the Australian publishing industry for eight years. Backing up what u/hethuisje said, it is incredibly unlikely that more than a handful of people will ever see this work, should it ever be finished. I doubt your mum will be able to publish her book through ordinary channels – most publishing houses here either do not take unsolicited manuscripts or, if they do, only take them at specific times of the year. Almost as a rule, unsolicited autobiographies end up on the rejection pile. This leaves your mum with two options: self-publishing or paying a vanity press to publish her book. While there’s no real recourse for you with these publishing avenues, they’re also the ones that, statistically, basically guarantee that very few people will ever see the book. If, however, your mum does magically get a book deal with a real Australian publisher, an email or phone call to the editor, managing editor, publisher or even publicity department outlining your side of the story may yield desirable results. I’ve seen passages excised or contracts pulled for more frivolous reasons. The publishing market here is very small, with slim profit margins, and (in my experience) most of us in the industry would be both understanding of your situation and allergic to any kind of controversy that might result in a book being pulled and pulped (and, frankly, we’re pretty darn politically correct to boot). NAL, but having read some other comments, is it possible to give her an ultimatum? "I'm not comfortable with my trauma in your book, put it in and you'll alienate me and ruin our relationship?" I am not a lawyer, but I did use to work in publishing. It may comfort you to know that the vast majority of books that people write are never published, and even if they are self-published, not that many people read them. I'm sure Australia is a bit different from where I worked in the U.S., but the company I worked at only published about 2% of books we got submitted by literary agents. I don't know how many authors can get an agent, but that's hard too. The chances of her work being widely read are vanishingly small! I'm usually not this frank about it because this information tends to crush people who want to write, or they get mad at me and insist they'll be different. But there it is. r/AusLegal Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.  newsworthy Not the proper jurisdiction, but emphasis mine. Newsworthy is a broad term. Australia's privacy protections extend to businesses and government. Not persons telling real accounts. It would be extremely difficult, even without broad 1A protections afforded in the US, to effectively stop such a publication. And the suggestion above is simply to threaten litigation whether it can be successful or not. Which is again, poor advice. No, she doesn’t as far as I know. She’s not famous or active online. Considering her reaction when I told her when I was raped was “and? What do you want me to do about it?” I’m enraged that she would use this information to use it as a pity card. She’s using my pain suffering as a money maker. It had/has nothing to do with her. I understand what you’re saying.   I wouldn't be so sure. IAAL, but not an Australian lawyer, so I can't comment definitively, but public disclosure of private facts is a subset of the tort of invasion of privacy, and Australia may have greater protection on that than we do in the US. It may not even necessarily be a losing case in the US, as it depends on the state. For example, in my state of Massachusetts, someone can be liable for public disclosure of a private or intimate fact where such disclosure would be offensive to a reasonable person, and the fact is not newsworthy or a matter of legitimate public concern. OP's rape would likely meet those elements, provided the alleged rapist is not a public figure. So, no, it's not as definitively baseless as you claim. That’s extremely disheartening to know..   "Threaten to file a frivolous lawsuit that cannot win" is bad advice. Period. You shouldn't, because while they may be quasi-correct regarding publishing being competitive, they have zero comprehension as to your legal rights. Cease and desist isn't a legal statute. Nor does a cease and desist letter have any legal weight whatsoever.  [removed] A “lawyer letter written by a lawyer,” huh? What possible cause of action for a suit do you think exists here? I really appreciate this information, thank you. I’ll keep it in mind.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. That’s very unfortunate in my case then.  You cannot stop someone from recounting events that happened.