 So their dad passed away about a year ago and left around 300k between my friend and her 2 siblings. She had them sign paperwork shortly after his death when they were all heavily grieving. My friend doesn't even remember signing the paperwork and the other siblings said the stepmom said it was just paperwork about the house, not his entire estate. The paperwork was 36 pages long and they only ever saw the page she had them sign. They just now found out because their actual mom looked into everything. Is there anything they can do? This is in NC.  Keep her in the dark for the time being. No need to tip her off. Did the $300,000 include the marital home? Did the dad really not leave anything at all to his wife, not even a life interest to the house? I would be curious to see the exact terms of the will. Because like most people they're idiots. Most people don't read their contracts. The rest of the contract isn't initialed on each page. Good solid point. The contract would have to be submitted to the probate court for step-mom to get everything. That one I can try :) Fair enough. Maybe get hold of one of his contracts, and point out a clause he violated that could cause him to get massively screwed if the other party wanted to enforce it? This would only make things worst. I need to convince, not shame. Because they were 19-24 years old with a trusted parent asking them to sign something. It was foolish but not at all uncommon.  Tell your father he is a complete idiot. Explain to me how a pre nup or a post nup isn’t a marital contract then bc you have me confused af. I think you’re confusing contract = governed by contract law. With if not ultimately governed by contract law = not contract. Because there are contracts that are ultimately governed by family law and probate/trust/intestacy law that are still considered contracts. If OP couldn’t waive her rights completely to inheritance through a contract, which seems implausible, then she would have gotten the $ through intestacy. Perhaps you’re referring to state public policy that would declare such contracts invalid or make them super easy to overcome? This depends on the state. Apologies if OP’s state is one of them and I misunderstood you both. Generally such contracts are enforceable though.  A waiver of rights isn’t a contract. I think it’s pretty standard with estate planning. Yes, and no... Though you're right about contract law, that doesn't apply here. In this case, the easiest (and nastiest) thing for the stepmom to do would be have the siblings disclaim their inheritance. When you disclaim, you're treated as if you predeceased the decedent for the purposes of probate. No consideration is necessary - it's not a contract with another beneficiary, but a waiver of legal inheritance rights. Disclaimers are most often done when a high income beneficiary, such as a parent, waives inheritance from their parent, so that assets pass directly to their children, who may have lower or no incomes, thus potentially reducing their tax burden (of course, this typically only applies to estates that are larger than the estate tax caps). No consideration is required from the children to the parents in such cases. To them she was. Hence why they lost what they thought was her. My father refuses to read the contract he signs and trust the people selling him the stuff because "it would be bad for their business to lie".  100% this never had one of them to begin with. Would never consider her a mother. Their actual mom did digging and got a digital copy of everything. Not sure how.  I know that when I was signing the contract to purchase my condo, I was supposed to initial every page to prevent something like this. I don't know how universal that is, but it seems to me it should be. Quick question, how do they know they signed over everything if they were not in possession of the full terms and the stepmother doesn't know they know about everything yet? that MIGHT make it easier to just unroll the whole thing, as you can't really just sign things away in a contract without getting anything in return, especially if it gets contested fairly quickly after the alleged gifting. Lawyer.  They're getting together to discuss a plan and get a lawyer. The stepmom doesn't know that they know about everything yet.  She gave them absolutely nothing.  They absolutely won’t be able to do anything without an attorney. Technically these facts should be a slam dunk, because you can’t agree to a contract that you were never given. But the court is going to have a hard time believing that 3 separate people did this, and those people are the only witnesses. If they can get some kind of confirmation from their mother in writing or in a recording (check consent laws in your state first) that she did not present them with the whole contract then they may have a decent shot if they have a good attorney.  They essentially gave their step mother an entire estate. Did she give them anything in return? If not, then it might be easier to contest it later as there was no consideration in the contract. In any event the most important thing is for them to get a lawyer. They should pool their resources to hire an estate/probate lawyer immediately. Do you mean like a copy of the paperwork?  What did they get in return?  If they only saw the page they were signing, how can MIL prove that the other 35 pages are part of the contract? Also, serious question, could they have signed under duress or coercion? On a case like this where extra pages were added later, how can you prove the contract you signed isn't the same as the one someone claims you signed?  20 22 25 How old are they?  What a cold hearted bitch to take advantage of them during their time of grieving. They lost two parents that week.  I agree. They just trusted her, she was basically a second mom to them, so they didn't think twice about it. I just wish there was something they could do.  Sucks but .. why the hell would you sign your name on something when you haven't read everything you're signing for?? They 100% walked into it lol. They can have a lawyer review exactly what they signed. They should not have signed something without reviewing it.