 Bay Area, CA, posting in both /r/legal advice and /r/insurance Do we have a bad faith insurance claim? My wife gave birth to our son at a birth center using a Licensed Professional Midwife (a legally recognized medical professional in CA) on July 17th, 2017. Here are the details in chronological order: - January 2016: switched our health insurance plan to Cigna PPO with 50% out of network coverage during open enrollment - February 2016: find out that the only midwives accepted through our plan were all Certified Nurse Midwives which are required to deliver births in hospitals. Used our LPM’s medical biller to file a gap exception to cover our standalone birth center birth. - June 2017: Cigna denied the gap exception on the basis that our plan only covers in-network services. We find out that Cigna never changed our plan in January to the new PPO and tell them about the mistake. - July 2017: Our son is born - Aug 2017: Cigna fixes their mistake and retroactively changes our plan to the PPO with out of network coverage. They reprocess the gap exception and deny it again stating that it’s because they “offer midwife services in-network. Two issues with this. (1) Our son was born before they reprocessed the claim correctly, giving us no recourse to seek appeals or other care providers. (2) Their in-network midwife services only covered hospital births which is what we wanted to avoid by using our LPM at a stand-alone birth center. - Spring 2017: We communicate with our midwife and learn that she has not received payments from Cigna that we expected them to cover at 50% due to our plan and gap exception denial. - Spring 2017: We ask Cigna to reprocess the claims at 50% - Spring 2017: We file a claim with the CA department of Insurance about all of this. - Spring 2017: CA Dept of Insurance gets back to us and says they could not help us because our plan was employer-funded and falls under the scope of ERISA - August 2017: We learn that Cigna has reprocessed the claims and states that they negotiated a 100% discount with our midwife. We contacted our midwife about this yand she says she had zero communication with Cigna and even if she had heard from them, she never negotiates with insurance claims. - September 2017: I contacted an ERISA lawyer but he was hesitant that the money was too low (Bill is 13k total) and he wasn’t willing to review our case without a large deposit. - To date, Cigna has paid out about $1800 So do we have a bad faith insurance claim? Is it worth it for us to get a lawyer and pursue this?  If the amount in dispute is that low, you aren't going to find a lawyer unless you're willing to pay out of pocket on an hourly basis. At Bay Area rates, the amount of attorney fees would outstrip the amount you owe very quickly. You might get some of it back if you win, but not 100 percent. You could end up with a very small net recovery -- and if you don't win, you end up recovering zero with a big bill for attorney fees and costs. You want to take a wild swing at it, waive the amount over $10k and file in small claims, if there's nothing in your policy preventing that. 