 PA- My lawyer demanded we file an "emergency petition for special relief" with custody modification because my ex keeps entering rehab and leaving after about 10 days. I met this lawyer last week and paid to have all the paperwork filed a week in advance. I was told to be in court this morning. My lawyer was present and we both said "Good morning" to each other. I signed in with the bailiff and my lawyer walked past about 10 times. Within the 3-hour span I was waiting, she certainly saw me. She hurried out of the courtroom with her coat on and said "I have a meeting.". After 40 more minutes, I went to two other individuals who work at the courthouse and asked if they had a list of hearings for the day. I explained I had been waiting almost 4 hours. They told me to check with the clerk of courts. I walked down there. That office told me to check with Prothonotary. They told me to call my lawyer as she "Always runs out like that". This had me worried. Her secretary did pick up and explained my hearing was cancelled due to the fact that my ex was never served any papers. I told the secretary this should have been explained to me. She also explained a new date will be set for another hearing. I ended up running into my lawyer who was actually eating lunch on the way back in. I explained my ex is out of rehab early again and has been out for 5 days. She told me to "just let him have his custody". I asked why even file the emergency petition?". She believes we still should, but that I should monitor him closely for intoxication when he comes to pick up our child in the meantime. This sounds like a bunch of BS to me. The emergency petition is due to him driving drunk with her and was to include transportation by ME at all times plus supervised visitation. He has custody tomorrow. So, I have lost an entire day of pay to stand around for something she should have told me the 10x times she flew past. I have lost even more considering he can now put our child in even more dangerous situations, as proven in the past. Also, our child is petrified of him. She doesn't even want to go back. Is there a way I can cancel the entire process and get all my fees back? I am extremely concerned this lawyer will be even worse in the courtroom. Thanks.