 Cliffs for context: My wife’s mother got re-married when my wife was 14. Soon after, they made the stepfather my wife durable POA for all medical and financial matters. Then had her sign more stuff when she turned 18. MIL and Stepfather got divorced. Said stepfather is still designated POA and he shouldn’t be So my MIL had her attorney re-do a bunch of paperwork to have us sign and notarized. The first is a medical POA, which lists mother as first, me as second, and sister as third. I’m thinking I should be first POA, but that’s a different discussion. The second, is a Durable Financial POA, which lists me as the sole POA. Third is a Protected Health Information Release Authorization form, which states that me, my MIL, and wife’s sister can request medical information (HIPAA) about my wife at any time, even if she’s present and mentally aware. I have a bad feeling about this one... Basically, her mother told us that this is a “special way” of removing stepfather from all power, and her attorney said this is the best way to do it. I think the main problem I’m facing is that my wife and I don’t know exactly what’s been signed and what the stepfather/MIL are on... Myself, I’m just hesitant to start signing all this paperwork that my MIL’s attorney drafted without any of our input. I’m confused and looking for advice. Honestly, a little scared that I’m missing something and going to have this come back to bite me if something ever happens to my wife. Thank you in advance for any advice...  NAL - Your MIL is weirdly controlling here, OP, and seems to be trying to marginalize you in your own marriage. You and your wife need to go to an attorney and make sure that no one besides you and your wife have any powers over either of you as long as you are able to make decisions. Don't sign any of the papers that MIL sent, but do show them to your attorney to make sure that they will be nullified by you and your DW establishing your own paperwork. It's hard to believe that MIL has been perfectly normal in the past. Your DW may need some therapy to cut the apron strings with her. If MIL is financially unstable, keep a close eye on your credit reports, just in case. No. You need a separate authorization form for each hospital system and each doctor she sees if not in a system. So if a doctor is in a group of 4 doctors they have a form. University hospital system X will have their own. Etc. There is not a “general form”. That’s something your MILs Attorney made up. MIL can waive whatever she wants. We go on date signed. So redo the paperwork which invalidates any previous ones. The paperwork is on forms specific to each organization. So no matter what MIL has it won’t be useable ESPECIALLY if the chart is flagged. We take this seriously. We get fined if we screw up. It’s thousands of dollars. Make sure all her charts are changed to her married name. There’s a form of course. Honestly the easiest is to go into each doctors office, the hospitals she has used, any therapy offices, CVS clinics and such together. Tell the nice receptionists what you want to achieve and they will help you get it done. Bring the Living Will and Medical POA originals with you that are notarized. Each place will scan them right then and there and give you the original back. Then everything is updated. Be ready for your MIL to go nuclear. That’s why flagging the chart is so important. It gives every person who she calls or talks to a heads up. It prevents mistakes. I’d get a Will now if you plan on having kids that specifically outlines who future kids go to if you both die. Then it’s taken care of. Again your MILs behavior is not normal.  It’s weird, I don’t even know if this is on a “file” anywhere. It’s a document titled “Authorization for Release of Protected Health Information (PHI)”. I think just MIL, her attorney, and others have copies of the original document with my wife’s signature from years ago. It lists MiL, exFIL, sister. Is that something they could go wave at a hospital or other place to get info? I haven’t seen one of these before, but it’s basically just a signed doc that says those people have the right to all her medical info. It’s her maiden name on the old doc if that matters. I’m just trying to keep stuff safe. I don’t want her family calling to get info they don’t need. On the medical chart release- fill out new forms and bring them in. Most places you can get them off the doctor’s or hospital’s website. You can call and see if they will revoke them over the phone too. If anything go in and fill it out. Takes 5 minutes to do. It gets scanned to her chart immediately closing that access. If mom has access to a online patient portal then your wife needs to get that access closed too. Edit- we do this ALL the time. If mom is going to be a pain you can have the chart “flagged”. It creates a pop up when it’s opened by anyone saying whatever you want Such as: Do not give any information to family except husband. Code word for confirmation it is him is XYZ2.  If she was my patient you would be it and I would be bringing the ethics committee in immediately to back it up. A married woman’s ex step father making decisions is just weird. Normal would be you as the first and mom or sister listed second. Don’t let mom be second. Then it’s harder for her to fight for control if sister or a good friend was made 2. Yay ethics committee! We come in saying “we are here to make the decision because you can’t agree.” So all your wife has to do is revoke it. It’s easy. Call her doctors office or google medical POA in your state for the form. Print. Fill out. Notarize for free at the bank or at a UPS store for $1. Give everyone a copy- her doctor, her healthcare system, keep the original one at home, one to the sister, and one to mom. If you have an attorney give them one- not the MILs Attorney. Done. Easy peasy. Honestly your MIL is trying to control her daughter and you. Listen, you are adults- married. Her behavior is just weird. I’d lock both of your credit down after pulling credit reports, lock your mailbox, notify your bank she can’t have access, warn all the medical providers to not give her any information if she requests and even submits signed forms from your wife saying she can have it. Edit- if you were in the mist of a divorce it would be hazy for you to be on it but still ok if that’s what she wanted because she trusted you more than her mom.  So, are you saying that if my wife’s ex-stepfather was made “Durable Medical POA” before we were married, the fact that I’m her spouse overrides that? I’m the “shot caller” without paperwork? Edit: Also, she says she may have signed a HIPAA release previously but can’t remember. Is there a way to revoke that or sign a new one or something? How do we know? Let’s assume the worst - That she granted health info access to her stepfather but can’t remember and now is the case Do not have your wife sign giving them the rights to her medical information. End stop. They don’t need to know it. As a provider it’s nice to have on file we can talk to you so we can give detailed messages vs- have wife call us at this number. If MIL wants you to be able to access her medical charts that’s her choice. None of this makes sense on getting ex FIL off. I’m confused. If exFIL is your wife’s POA get rid of it with a lawyer. Here’s the thing- if your wife is in a coma you as her husband are “the shot caller”. If you are in a coma then her mom. If mom is in a coma too it’s her sister. This is without any paperwork.  You can go to your own attorney and draw up the POA paperwork with you as primary POA. She doesn't have to sign the HIPAA form or she can remove her mother and sister and sign the form with just your name on it. POA can be revoked at any time and there is no "special" way of doing it. Never take advice from an attorney that isn't your own your MIL wants medical POA and her attorney is going to try his hardest to give his client what she wants. Your right if you give MIL medical POA then she makes the medical decisions when your wife can't and she could ban you from visiting, extreme reaction but it does happen, and doesn't have to take your or your wife's wishes into account. If you get your own attorney and have them draw up the paperwork to better reflect your wife's and your wishes then MIL is going to have an uphill battle. Also if the hospital has to use Next of Kin to make medical decisions in the absence of a POA it is always spouse first, then kids, then parents and then siblings.