 I just encountered the strangest policy: at a local restaurant gift cards purchased (not a voucher given by the restaurant as a promotion, compensation for a problem, etc.) are considered “used up“ upon first use. So if I purchase a $100 gift card, and the recipient spends $90, or even one penny, the entire balance is considered spent. I only noticed this because I examined the gift card after being handed a pre-printed piece of paper, not a plastic card. I immediately requested a refund — not only is this a scummy business practice, the recipients are elderly and I worry they would not notice or comprehend this absurd policy. Shockingly, this does not appear to be illegal. We’re at a plastic card, I think an argument could be made that taking of the remaining balance constitutes a “fee” which is not allowable on gift cards sold since 2010, at least not until the gift card has been in active for a substantial period of time. Is this blatant attempt to steal from customers truly legal? Have they explained a policy before I made the purchase, I would still find it scummy, but could more easily believe that it’s legal. By putting this unique and reprehensible policy in small text on the gift card, which under normal circumstances no one would have any reason to read, their deception strikes me as completely intentional.  Great advice mate you should be a lawyer. I’m sure you’d make all your clients happy with that attitude  Literally though. These laws are strict because of wide abuse.  I appreciate it If they are running in cash basis, there is a record on the books of the gift card being sold but none of the gift card being used. It doesn’t have to disappear. Which is why you should never use cash basis if you offer gift cards, but I’ve seen small businesses do it. Cash basis literally records cash transactions and nothing else. To be fair ca has some of the strictest gc laws If there's no laws prohibiting this in your state, what do you hope to gain? It's almost like you're ready to start a campaign against the practice. Look around - there are so many other issues that are more deserving of your outrage. Regardless, you've answered your own question from a legal perspective - it doesn't seem to be legal in your state and even if it were, you have no damages and thus no claim. Best of luck.  I'm in California, and the have laws that pretty much treat gift cards like cash, so it'd be protected. Wisconsin doesn't regulate gift card sales, per the DATCP website. So your recourse would be federal. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) www.ftc.gov Complaint Website: www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov (877) FTC-HELP [(877) 382-4357] There are federal laws on gift cards, but I can't find anything specific on things like this. Thanks for the info. It appears that in Kentucky, Massachusetts, Montana, New Mexico, and Vermont this might possibly be interpreted as a violation of gift card/certificate law. Only Massachusetts has a penalty for the violation.  In the state of Wisconsin, or in any state with which you are familiar, do you happen to know that the state’s consumer affairs office would take action given that I have received a refund and therefore have essentially no damages? I assume they would not (in fact I know that to be the case for several states). If this could be construed as illegal, my guess is that it would not be due to legislation specifically outlining the practice, but under a more general prohibition on deceptive trade practices. I’d be as interested to know if it qualifies in Alaska, Hawaii, Mississippi or New York as Wisconsin. Illegal in California. Since you're apparently refusing to provide your state to people who are trying to help you - here - http://www.ncsl.org/research/financial-services-and-commerce/gift-cards-and-certificates-statutes-and-legis.aspx A table that goes state by state and summarizes SOME of their laws. Again, knowing your actual state, someone may be able to dig in deeper and provide more assistance. Some states define gift certificates the same way as gift cards. The federal statute's exception for gift certificates is based on the idea that gift certificates are typically printed en masse and not linked to a specific account by number, whereas gift cards, by the federal definition, are an account of sorts. The actual MATERIAL they're being printed on doesn't matter so much as how it's accounted for. This policy - must be used all at once and no change will be provided for balance not spent in the transaction - is printed on the paper? It's ABSOLUTELY worth a call to consumer affairs. There may be something specific - as in the table I provided - or it may just fit a generic 'bad faith and sharp dealing' law of some sort. Put simply, in the broader sense of the terms of gift cards and gift certificates they are legal tender at places that can issue them and/or accept them. They don't have an expiry date unless there are terms and conditions applied to them. For example: I received a gift card for AMC in the amount of $20 and it was still good for over a year and a month after receiving it. I can't think of any business who would actively practice this kind of gift card management and it strikes me as something that could be unethical. An additional path to explore is if you bought the gift certificate with a credit card, speaking with the credit card company may open more options. They may not take kindly to that type of policy. This may be illegal in any state. Gift Cards are typically considered a liability on a business's books until redeemed or they can be expired. They can't just disappear. Put another way they took money in exchange for a future purchase See this for your state. [http://www.ncsl.org/research/financial-services-and-commerce/gift-cards-and-certificates-statutes-and-legis.aspx](http://www.ncsl.org/research/financial-services-and-commerce/gift-cards-and-certificates-statutes-and-legis.aspx) Edit your post to include your state. You keep saying it's not illegal, how do you know that it isn't? Just curious - does this violate a law in your state, or in any state that you’re aware of? There is nothing in my state that explicitly describes this exact practice. I assume most deceptive trade practices are not described in such detail.  Your state likely has a consumer affairs office. You should reach out to them. Without knowing your location, though, we can just tell you there's no federal law that prohibits this practice.