 California. Bought a screen protector from a Verizon store and the clerk messed up applying it and it wouldn't stick to my screen. She wouldn't refund or exchange it so I filed a dispute. It just got denied. I paid for something I never got to use and it was not my fault. Chase is saying that because of their no refund, return, or exchange policy that i cant get my money back. What can i do? I still have the screen protector as well, to prove if I need to that it doesn't stick.  Holy fudge, they make bank off peoples ignorance/lack of experience. Sorry man.. I absolutely hope you can get a refund. My mom got one from them and they left crap under the screen.... Since Verizon wouldn't refund or replace, they went to Best Buy for one instead. It's not that difficult to follow. But... So... He went to Verizon, even though he had a replacement program somewhere else (Best Buy)? And overpaid? And then they broke it? He literally did Will do. Thank you.  Call corporate and ask for a service credit. Keywords: let me speak to your retention department. Hi! It looks like you found a solution in picking up a new screen protector from Best Buy, but I just wanted to drop you a quick note, seeing as you’ll likely own this new phone for quite some time and might need another screen protector someday in the future. I sell cell phone accessories for a living and put on screen protectors for a living. If you purchased a new Samsung Galaxy or Note, or a similar model with a very curved screen/edge, lots of the screen protectors on the market have a heck of a time staying on. This is especially true, in my experience, with the tempered glass style made for these curved models, because quite a few of the ones available don’t have any glue applied on the edges (if you look closely, you can actually see where the glue stops right along the edges). In the event you need another screen protector down the road, I’d recommend looking for one that’s “full glue” (which means the adhesive covers the entire inside of the screen protector including the edges, as opposed to being cut off at the curve). In my experience these stay on much much better.  If they didn't tell you they weren't liable for damages when trying to put it on, then they're responsible for damaging it. Contact Verizon corporate and tell them what happened. They will help.  I used to work for verizon customer care First of all DONT waste your time in the store. They are the greediest and least helpful people on earth and their credit ability is severely limited. I would try your luck with customer care over the phone. I used to give out $50 to $100 credits regularly over customer frustrations / threats of disconnect etc. They take the surveys so seriously in customer care its not even funny. If it doesnt work the first time try again later. Ive had people who got told to fuck off about a credit like 5 times before finally getting me and getting it done in seconds. The best time to call is like 20 minutes before they close theyll do whatever just to get off and go home lol. Edit: oh yea also accessories are the biggest fucking rip off. Amazon that shit next time So why didn't you go there? Just verbally, before I bought it, I was told no refunds returns or exchanges. I would have gotten that in writing. And then sent it to Verizon corporate. If they damaged the item themselves, they have to replace it. Unless of course there is some kind of disclaimer that they can apply it for you, but are not responsible if something happens. Is that the case?  They said best we can do is give you a discount on another one. I got one from best buy that comes with unlimited replacements as long as my phone works for 40 dollars. I'm still just pissed off they essentially stole my money.  't stick to my screen. What happened when you asked for the manager and pointed out to them that their own employee messed up the product?  I agree. If the salesperson screwed up the protector they probably should have replaced it. They probably have some questionable argument about installation being a favor and not a service that they sold. In any case, I probably wouldn't sink much effort into litigating over $60. Verizon wanted $45 for a screen protector for my iPhone X. I got one from an online retailer that included an application guide for $7.95. Yeah it was 60 bucks. If it was me that messed it up I wouldn't care. But the clerk messed it up. So I paid for something I never got to use. I dont think Verizon is going to reverse it. Hooray me. You can escalate the issue with Verizon and see if they'll resolve it. Or, if it is worth the cost of the screen protector, I guess you could sue them. Or you could just decide to buy your screen protectors online in the future. Verizon is a terribly expensive way to buy accessories.