 My friend is a cosplayer, so he tends to buy all sorts of outfits from companies online. Well, he wanted to find a Deadpool costume this time around. So he searches online and he finds one thats on sale for $35.98 (was $135.99, so clearly this costume must have had some quality if not for the sale). It looks very similar to the one from the recent movies based on the pictures. So, he decides to buy it. It arrives, and it looks very cheaply made out of fabric (not leathery like the one in the movies) and the colors are bright red and black (like it was someones first attempt at making a homemade cosplay). Doesn't that count as false advertisement? If you trick a consumer into thinking they bought one product but give them another? My friend mentioned that to the company when wanting to refund it, but the company is trying everything they can to prevent him from returning it. They sound like they're trying to pity him into keeping it. Saying things like "This product can be used normally despite it not being the one you wanted. Sending it back to us is very trouble and postage is expensive too. You can give it to your friends and family as a gift, okay? Or simply resell it if you could find someone who needs it" My friend lives in Minnesota but I have no clue what country this company is from. Is there anything my friend can do to ensure he gets his money back at least?   $135.99, so clearly this costume must have had some quality if not for the sale LPT: Companies show higher prices on items that are "on sale" all the time to give the illusion of savings. So for the future, don't look at the "was $X" price on things and use that as a gauge on the quality of the item. In this case, it will depend on any fine print on the website where your friend purchased the item. Is there any terminology like "item may differ from picture" or "item styles may vary." If there isn't, your friend can try issuing a chargeback if they used a credit card since what they purchased isn't what they thought they were getting.  On a lot of cosplay websites their is a disclaimer somewhere that says the costumes might vary in appearance. Also, just because you see something that says like 70% off doesn't mean they ever sold it at the original price. Nothing illegal about listing something at $500 and then saying it's 50% off even though it has never and will never be sold at $500. Edit: What is the return policy stated on the website? If they refuse to return it and it says they take returns, he should do a charge back. Let the bank handle it. 