 I know a couple where the husband initiated a divorce with his wife and they live in a house together. However, the husband is also refusing to move out of the house. The wife does not want to move out either. I am not a lawyer (which is why I am posting this here) but I don't think either party has the right to kick the other out of the house. However, at the same time, I understand you need to be separated for a period of time before you can divorce. Obviously as long as they are living in the same house they are not separated. How do you solve a problem like this? It is like a catch-22, it's like the husband is initiating the divorce and preventing it (by refusing to separate) at the same time. This is all happening in Canada btw (Ontario).  This is not obvious to me at all. Cohabitation doesn't imply that they're still operating as a married couple, and it's not entirely unheard-of for a separated couple to share a house during the separation period. Ontario family law uses the criteria "separate and apart," and in application that's evaluated based on things like whether they're still regularly intimate, whether they still share finances, whether they share chores and meals, and whether they still, for lack of a better explanation, act like a couple rather than like housemates. There are also circumstances, such as infidelity or domestic violence, that can be used to skip the separation requirement entirely. I'm inferring that you're friends with one or the other. You can help by recommending that they get a family law attorney to help them work out the formal separation, and help them figure out how to divide the property when they go through a divorce. It’s possible in Ontario to live “ separate and apart” while in an in- house separation. So they can still be separated. Sounds like they both need to speak with lawyers to understand what they need to do to protect themselves, their assets and any children.  They'll likely have to have a hearing and the judge would decide who has to move out so that the divorce can happen. 