 It's pretty simple really, we want to know what options we have. My wife was involved in an accident where the owner of the other vehicles insurance has already accepted liability based on the police report, but the other party has not been in contact with their insurance at all and is ignoring all their attempts to contact him. Their insurance is refusing to pay us what they owe on account they cannot contact their policy holder and is not giving us any info on when we can get our car fixed despite being over a month. I'd just like to know what our options are? Should we look for an attorney? I live in Massachusetts I do, but no collision  Ask your own insurance company what the law is on how long they have to contact their own customer. In my state, the customer has 30 days to reply, if they don't the insurance company has to move forward without a statement. Each state has its own laws. Correct, you're not paying for coverage on that vehicle so it's between you and the other guy's insurance company. I'd get a lawyer. Might be settled with a letter, might need to take them to small claims. But let the lawyer handle it if you're getting nowhere, and be sure to record all expenses associated with your lack of transportation (rental car, uber, etc) If you have an estimate for the repairs then get a lawyer to draft a letter to the other driver telling them you will be filing a lawsuit. If you have your own coverage that would cover the accident, go through your own insurance company. If not, it's probably time to get an attorney involved. Regardless of whether or not they can get ahold of the person in question, if the person paid their premiums for the period when the accident occurred, it's their responsibility to pay for the damages. It was news to me that my wife does not have collision. I'm assuming I cannot then have my insurance go after them?  Do you have insurance of your own? If so, perhaps they can help you get it resolved through the other insurance company. if you have full coverage on your vehicle, file a claim on your insurance and let your insurance go after the other insurance company