 Location: Texas (Houston) So I am over the legal drinking age, and work at a place that has a couple of liquor licenses but that isn't the main attraction. Most of the employees in my area are under 21, one of which is my BIL. I am less concerned with him being upset with me, and more about my job being jepordized. My wife (his sister) and I have talked and want to report this, but are unsure of whom to report it to. My managers aren't likely to do anything, I fear, and would most likely remove me instead. Texas being an at will state, I'm unsure how that could play out. (it is worth noting, the alcohol has been paid for, is not actively being served to the minors but they are 'finding' them and drinking on the clock and on company property.) To whom do I report this to make sure consequences are had? [removed] I would go past your immediate supervisor and report this. Obviously bring it up to your manager and let them know you are doing so as not telling them could result in you having a bad workplace relationship. Just take all the steps to make sure you're not the enabling party in this situation. NAL: Upper management should handle this, but if you’re not confident in them to do so properly you could always report it anonymously to the police. You could even report it to to which ever department in your state that issues alcohol licenses there (they’ll start their own investigation into the matter). Losing a liquor license can really put a dent in their pocket, but it may be what’s needed.  NAL, but were I in your position I would do the right thing and report it to upper management. They put themselves and their business at risk by having minors on the premises with alcohol. If that gets no results, I'd send an anonymous tip to the police. Maybe file a report with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission? Drinking on the clock is against the law and I imagine even if the employer isn't handing these kids alcohol he's responsible for making sure they can't access it.