 Hi all, I suffer from PTSD, agoraphobia, and panic disorder. I work from home and barely leave my house. I guess you could say I'm a "shut in". I recently moved to a new apartment that doesn't allow pets. I initially accepted this as this apartment was within my "comfort zone" of my anxiety, and I can somewhat function in this area. However, I need my cat. He's currently with my Mom. He really does provide me a ton of emotional relief, anxiety relief. I feel so much better with him around. I'm wondering what NJ law dictates as far as me submitting an Emotional Support Animal letter from a therapist or psychiatrist to the landlord/management company of my garden apartment, and how to get through any blowback they may want to give me about it. This is not a case of me just "wanting my cat". I need him. Emotionally I'm in a much rougher spot without him and my psychiatrist can write a letter attesting to that. Thank you so much for any help you can provide. Ok thanks. I have an appointment Monday morning with my psychiatrist. I'll get the letter and follow up here.  't have to allow it even with the ESA letter because I signed the lease prior to moving in acknowledging no pets. That friend would generally be incorrect.  Will do. My friend (who lives here, another reason i moved to this apartment complex) is saying the apartment company doesn't have to allow it even with the ESA letter because I signed the lease prior to moving in acknowledging no pets. I'm just a wreck. The take u/cybretractor's advice. You need letter outlining that you have a disability and that the cat is a necessary accomodation for the disability.  It's an apartment building within a large garden community. My apartment building has more than four units, I don't believe the landlord lives in this building. Is this an apartment in a high rise? or a condo? Or a building of four units or less? Does your landlord live in the building? [removed] Ok thank you so much. I know some people abuse this ESA letter thing, and I'm trying to differentiate myself from those people. I need him and will do anything. I'll call my psychiatrist. Thank you very much Go to a doctor in-state and have them write a letter stating you need an emotional support animal, then you provide that to your landlord. After providing the letter to your landlord, you can move your cat in. They cannot charge you a pet deposit, pet rent, or any additional fees for having an ESA. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.