 Hi All, My dog was attacked by another dog at day care yesterday. He's ok but has a number of wounds. The other dog was not injured. Each person has to sign a day care release that waives liability to the day care provider, but also has the following verbiage: "I further agree to pay for all veterinary and other necessary services incurred by and for my pet during its stay..." Would I be correct in interpreting "incurred by and for" to mean that owners are responsible for vet bills their pets cause to other pets? In New Mexico. Thanks!  You don't have to sign anything. They might not let you take your dog there if you don't, but they can't force you to. You do. They bright a dog capable of that kind of attack into an environment where they knew it would have the chance to hurt other dogs. Even if it's the sweetest animal on the planet to them, they still owe you the cost of treatment. Fault is a nebulous thing where multiple parties can share portions of it. That concept becomes real important when damages are substantial and one defendant might not have the means to actually pay those damages. A business on the other hand might have insurance which could make you whole whereas a private individual might not in this situation. I would consult with an attorney before you file anything. You want to maximize your chances of being compensated for your losses.  [deleted] That's what it appears to say, yes. But the waiver is fairly meaningless. Of course the owner of the dog that caused the damages is going to be responsible for the damages. It doesn't absolve the day care fully of their responsibility however if they did something so negligent that it falls outside of the normal standard of care. For example, they would be liable as well if they starved the dogs to the point they attacked each other to try to kill and eat each other. I know that's an extreme example but it was the only crazy thing I could think of off the top of my head.  That literature does seem to indicate that the other owner could be held responsible for your veterinary bill, yes; at least according to the day care. Is there video of the attack?  "incurred by and for" to mean that owners are responsible for vet bills their pets cause to other pets? Probably not in the context of that agreement. Nevertheless, an agreement between the caregiver and the owner does not affect your opportunity to seek to recover losses you incurred for which the other owner may be liable. 