 So my girlfriend broke her lease early in Nevada (had to move out of state, however it was not one of the "Acceptable" reasons), and reviewing the original lease paperwork (don't have a convenient copy) it stated we'd pay until it was rented out again. I was ok with that until we just got a bill of damages, which seems quite excessive () given that we lived there for 5 years, and a lot of the damage should be normal wear and tear. Beyond that the landlady is not trying to rent the place out, but instead trying to sell it so I wasn't sure what options we had to limit our liability or get out of the lease given those circumstances.  If you think she is wrongfully withholding a portion of your deposit, you send her a demand letter, and (presuming no response), file a small claims suit. She will then countersue you for the damages in excess of your deposit, unpaid rent, etc. But nothing there looks out of the ordinary, except for the rekeying. If you gave her all if the keys, the rekeying is on her. If you lost keys, you get to pay for it. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. OP- It looks like to me scanning through those damages, that the landlord removed the items that would be considered wear and tear (like repainting) and left items that extend beyond wear and tear. For example, if there were damaged blinds, holes in the walls, holes in window screens, water damages, and/or un-returned keys, all of those items would be reasonable to charge for. As far as continuing to pay monthly rent- if the landlord isn't making a reasonable attempt to re-rent the unit, then you can sue her for any rent you've paid since move out. The challenge you/your GF will have will be to prove she's made no attempt to re-rent the unit. Proving the absence of something is difficult. 