 well theres no really easy way to say this so here goes. im a 20 year old college student, im bi and i use grindr but my family is deeply religious and i dont talk to them about stuff like that. i was just talking to somone on there and we were hitting it off. i.e. we shared nudes. i got this text the other day and i stupidly didnt read anything but the last sentence since i was about to go to bed and it was long. []() the next morning i get a call from the santa monica police department telling me they have pictures of me sharing nudes with a minor and the dad wanted to talk with me man to man. i looked up the number and it was the police department. i apologize profusely because i am abhorred at myself for what i have done. and then i get this []() he says he calls his wife and they work something out. that being they want me to pay the thousand dollar cancellation fee. i only work part time so that is essentially two months salary for me and that is money i was planning on spending on text books. but id rather not have those than be in jail []() []() i dont want to include my parents and i certainly dont want to be a pedophile but i guess thats what i am now. did i fuck my self over? []()  It's a scam. Want proof? Ask how to send payment. If they say wire transfer or gift cards, then there's your proof. In addition to the other details that reveal it as scammy, the purported invoice from Verizon has no account number and is apparent invoice "#1." You, OP, really come off as scared in those texts, and to the extent that it's a wake-up call to be cautious about who you send naughty pics and words to, I suppose it's at least a little silver lining. But these scammers are twisting your stomach into worry knots and shame in order to make a buck, and that's really crappy. Delete their contacts and move on. It looks like a scam, I would block and delete the number. Look up the phone number and related scams on Google. Also, how would you paying for this bill ensure that you wont ever do this again. Also, no parent says this is Mr. So and So's father, they wouldn't refer to their child as "Mr.". Seems very sketchy. I got a call from the "CRA" saying I owe taxes and the phone number was from a police department in my neighborhood. They even called the fake accountant, whose fake details I gave them and called me back with the fake number I provided to them, posing as this accountant, saying that they messed up my taxes and that I really do owe whatever amount and they are really sorry. It looks like a scam, I would block and delete the number. Look up the phone number and related scams on Google. Also, how would you paying for this bill ensure that you wont ever do this again. Also, no parent says this is Mr. So and So's father, they wouldn't refer to their child as "Mr.". Seems very sketchy. I got a call from the "CRA" saying I owe taxes and the phone number was from a police department in my neighborhood. They even called the fake accountant, whose fake details I gave them and called me back with the fake number I provided to them, posing as this accountant, saying that they messed up my taxes and that I really do owe whatever amount and they are really sorry.  Ah, understood. Yes, generally, it's not the brightest idea to commit a crime in the process of threatening to go to the police to report a crime! Yeah, but locating and identifying them to hold them accountable is difficult; next to impossible. There's a good chance they're not even in the same country. This is the scammiest scam that has ever scammed. There is no kid. There is no police investigation that will go away for $1000. There are no angry parents.  Call the police station back and ask to talk to whatever officer initially called you. Even if it is true, if it’s not a scam, these people are blackmailing you. The police should know about this. These people might be catfishing you and using the police department. ETA: the verizon bill looks phony. There is no customer account number and I guarantee you this is not invoice #1...this is not verizon’s first bill in the history of billing. And you spoke to the officer when you called the phone number that you googled for the police department? No? It. Is. A. Scam. It's a spoofed number. There is no situation in which the police would let you two talk "man to man" and allow him to extort you. This happens all of the time, and every time it is a scam.  thank you so much. okay. thank you so much. ive been in utter terror for the last day and a half okay. thank you so much The fact that they're asking for money in exchange for not pressing charges means this is a scam. The caller ID was likely spoofed. It's a scam. There is no grindr kid. There is no father. Only the scammer trying to get at your money. Doesn't mean the scammer wasn't smart enough to mask thier number with the police phone #. Plus the family looking to settle things personally sounds alot like the scam.   The police do not call up suspects of a crime to facilitate meeting with a victim's parent to talk "man to man"... Ever. at first id believe you but the number that called me was certifiably the police department. i googled it and called them back. This is an incredibly common scam. So common that it gets posted to this subreddit several times every week. Block. Ignore. Move on with your life.