 My wife and I got married on Oct. 6 we planned and arranged many of our services well ahead of time as you should. One of them specifically was a photographer, who we scheduled and payed a deposit in Feb, and since then the Photographer had been a disaster, but being that she was my sisters friend I decided to keep her. Well she said she would contact us with a shot list to determine what kind of photos we would want. She never did, we waited until approximately August considering I had gone through a job change and moving and planning the wedding. It wasn't until then that I realized she never asked me for any of the things she needed for the shot list, but we never received them. So I emailed again and asked for the shot list or we would find another service, to which she promptly replied with a contract and shot list with all of her other contact information. We filled out the contract and saved a copy just in case of any more shenanigans. She arrived at the wedding on time and with the promised assistance and equipment, but in the contract the day of the wedding, she expected the second half of the payment, which we had ready and gave to her. Post wedding: We were on our honeymoon directly after and expected to see some kind of sample once we got home considering the contract stated it would be one to two weeks after, we got home to none and no contact, then waited a couple weeks and didn't get any. We inquired through email about the photos and she never responded. My wife convinced me to wait for the 6 week mark to get the full digital access and samples, so I agreed. Six weeks went by and a few days then we received a small email with 6 sample photos which were unfinished. I wasn't happy with this but my wife was convinced that this means at least she was working on it, and the last contract date said we would get all finished edits and all digital prints 8 weeks out. We are now 3 days past 8 weeks from the wedding and still have nothing to show for it. I'm just not sure what to do anymore. We have the evidence and proof that she didn't deliver on any of the contracted obligations save for showing up to the wedding. Some people are telling me I should do more, others say I'm demanding too much, I just want my photos.