 I’ve worked for a retail company for several years in Massachusetts, US. The store is three stories, and my position is only zoned on the top floor, meaning the only time I’m in my break room/bathroom is on lunch. The employee stairwell is large and has shelves for drinks so employees can step out back for a sip of water or coffee when things aren’t busy. A manager of mine has recently started throwing away people’s coffees, stating that only water is allowed. I asked him where in our guidelines I could find that, and he could not provide me with that information. I’d like to know if there is any legal backing behind the employees push to be allowed to drink coffee in an area that we already drink water in. I know this will sound petty to some, but please understand that we often work 8-9 hours on this floor, which does not have a bathroom or water fountain. In my mind there is no difference in someone taking 30 seconds to sip water or coffee. I hope I’ve set my flair correctly. TLDR: Management is starting we can drink water out back but not coffee. Employees are not happy with this seemingly random decision. It's a practice that seems odd to me working in an office environment that provides coffee every day for free. What's next, "No Gatorade allowed!"  This was the reasoning behind the same rule at multiple past retail jobs I’ve had. No juice, no coffee, nothing that isn’t water - they don’t want to risk damage to merchandise or an unnecessary mess in case of a spill. Makes sense, however lame. Yeah, it kind of is. The pay and benefits are actually pretty good, but leadership is always a mess and standards of professionalism seem to waver frequently. I can live without my coffee near me, and I can also look for a new job. There’s no rule per se, but I believe OSHA mandates that potable water be available to employees.  Exactly what I’m thinking. Put your coffee in one of those non-see through water bottles. Like the stainless steel Swell bottles or something.  Use caffeine pills as powdered caffeine is incredibly bitter  It's more likely that this relates to cleanliness. Spilling water isn't going to damage or stain anything. Coffee is another issue.  People don't have a right to store coffee in the workplace, so, nothing. Coffee will stain if spilled and if it contains dairy, will smell and if it contains sugar, will be sticky. That is usually why water-only rules exist. You could buy caffeine powder to use, as it would be clear in your water, or get caffeinated gum, snacks, etc. Hypothetical: what if the boss was imposing the restriction on coffee for a religious reason? E.g. the boss is Mormon (they don't drink coffee) and wants to ban that specific beverage as a means to get their employees to conform to their religious standards. Bosses can do whatever the hell they want unless there is a law against it. They are not legally allowed to ban you from going to the bathroom or drinking water, but they can legally ban everything else and fire people if they try to get around it. Incredibly stupid of them, but legal. Please start looking for a better job. I'd definitely be willing to take a pay cut to find a different job if my boss banned coffee, lol. Edit: I might talk to the bosses boss. Hopefully s/he will find this equally stupid and tell dumb boss to back down. But be prepared to find another job in case that goes another way. Your employer is allowed to make random, dumb decisions unless such decisions violate a contract, union agreement, or state/federal labor laws. This random, dumb decision doesn’t do that.  MA has no laws entitling employees to their drink of choice on the job, nor any laws forbidding an employer from restricting the types of drinks employees can have access to on the job.