 Long story short, I was living with my father and step mother. Father was caught beating her, he was arrested, I lived with my step mother since July along with some of her family in their house. Yesterday I found out that she had contacted him (even though she has a restraining order) and went with him somewhere. I also learned from searching her room that she is probably an alcoholic and is just straight up not doing well. Now she’s back with my father in our old house, but they’re agreeing to split up. They have joint custody over me and I have no choice but to go live with my step mother now. I have an hour until they get here to take me. I absolutely want to stay where I’m at, I’ve already been granted permission by the owners. The sucky thing is that Missouri has a lovely law where you cannot choose where you live if somebody has custody over you until you’re 17. I have no choice but to go with or run away, and right now I’m thinking of going AWOL. I do not want to live with either of them, let alone see them right now. Is there anything I can do? Contact [Missouri DSS here](). 1-800-392-3738 is the hotline. Is your mother still in the picture at all? It's really odd that a step-parent would have custody unless they adopted you.  Bad advice. Removed.  So some protection orders can extend to children. It’s worth reading the details if the most recent one she filed is still active. The time I filed an ex parte, it not only covered me but also my kids. When it went to court and was approved as a restraining order, it continued to protect me as well as it protected my children. They were then also considered an extension of me-that the person couldn’t harass them as it counted as harassing me. But...the fact your stepmom is allowing him around makes me wonder that if police showed up, if she’d just claim she’s dropping it :( so I guess in that regard the most that might happen (presuming he didn’t threaten someone with police there) is CPS becoming involved. Which could either mean you’re stuck around him with CPS visits or maybe wind up in placement at a juvenile facility. I’m sorry-that’s all some shit you shouldn’t have to put up with. Is there any other family member they’d let you stay with? Or a friend? We’ve checked her room and she has plenty of files against him for herself, but no ex parte or protection orders for me. She either lied about taking it to court or cancelled it after it was issued... If the ex parte is still active- this is assuming it then went to court and was approved by a judge, they’re usually good for a year but some last for up to 2 years, then you could call police if your father is around you. Verify whether it’s still active by looking up the case in casenet Type in your father’s first and last name, then look for an order of protection case. To keep a victim anonymous, it won’t list your name. But you can determine if it’s still active by reading the case details. IF it’s still active and he comes near you, you can contact police with the case number and inform them he’s violating an active restraining order. Is there a chance your stepmother requested the order be cancelled? Or never took it to court? Asking to assure it wasn’t a temporary order and became a full restraining order. =name Thank you for the advice. My father is an abusive prick who I have an ex parte on and charges for threatening me. I will run if I have no where else to go. You are a child. Your father decides where you live (or a judge) If you are being abused you can call CPS