 hey i've been working at a company in california of the last 8 years, and i've seen it turn into a corporation during that time, from 2 locations to now over 100. during that time i've seen it do some terrible things, illegal, and ive had lawyers give me their card and never really took it serious, until now. so recently some newly hired lady has been been riding my butt at work pissing me off trying to get me fired for nothing, and the way HR has been not helping employees out has been terrifying, so i only work there 2 days a week, nothing i'd miss if i left. SO! i was wondering what kind of lawyer would i talk to? and would i have a case? The most recent incident was a client(high school girl) touched me in the crotch (i was m27) and i got uncomfortable and asked not to work that age range, and management went off at me as if i was the one at fault, mind you this has happened a few times, but with that age range idk i feel like not doing that would be the safest way to cover my ass? they dont give breaks unless you smoke. screw up tips constantly. they messed with my times that i work, taking me off days and not telling me. i've got written up for not showing up, when i asked for the day off over 3 months in advanced for a graduation, but the gay guy who slept with the gay manager got any days he wanted off. tbh i can talk about the sexual unprofessionalism for a long time... soo many things... any advice would help, i'm just tired of this place and they treat their employees like garbage, thank you! A senior employee or manager asking or requiring that a junior employee sleep with them for preferential treatment is sexual harassment.  its not being mean, its just employees that slept with the manager get special treatment Your employer isn’t responsible for a customer or client groping you. Sexual battery is a crime that should be reported to the police. Your employer is responsible for correct management of tips. File a wage complaint with the state of tips are mismanaged. Your employer is not responsible for you coworker being mean to you, unless it amounts to a hostile work environment (which has a specific legal definition). Your employer is responsible for providing a paid 10 minute break every 3.5 hours, and a 30 minute meal every 5. 