 Location: San Diego County, California Late last night, at around 8 PM PST, my friend messaged me with information that his father had beaten him. His mother has also beaten him in the past, according to him. He begged me to drive around an hour and a half to pick him up from his father's house, which I had to refuse since it was way too late for me to drive over there (I am 20, got my license half a year ago and don't want to do a long late night drive as I could be a risk to myself and others). At around 10:30 PM, he messaged me that he is worried about being sent to a mental institute because of his history (he has OD'd on drugs, which is concerning to me and I am not okay with, as well as has bad grades). He mentioned that if this happens, he will more than likely take his own life. He messaged me again an hour later, saying he had been moved to his mom's house for the time being, but was still suicidal. I am very concerned because he messaged me at around 12:30 this morning that he won't do anything to himself if I can get him away from his parents, but that he is "ready to end it" because he "has nothing". That is why I feel a time constraint. What should I do in my situation? I am worried that if I were to head over and pick him up, that would legally be kidnapping, since he is a minor and his parents definitely wouldn't approve. I am also concerned because we are online friends and have never met in person. I don't have pictures of his injuries from being beaten or any other proof of an altercation, and I also don't have any information on what led up to the beating. I don't want him killing himself, but I definitely don't want to get involved in a long legal battle. Should I ask him for pictures of his injuries, and ask what led up to him being beaten? Should I call CPS instead and hope that they make the right call? Should I just go and pick him up as I have concerns for his safety? Thank you to any and all replies. Thank you. I think i'm going to try and file an anonymous CPS report. Thank you Sorry, typos. The Parents Could charge you ^  The patents choked charge you with kidnapping a Minor.. Do Not take this Child. You can / should call Police and send them over there,,They have the safe and legal ways to help ! For why I am concerned about it being a legal battle, I am in the last stages of my first semester at a community college, and I don't want my grades to be affected by something like this if I have to file paperwork or appear as a witness for something. I am under suspension at a university in Oregon and trying to get a high enough GPA to return there. I am not dating him, no. EDIT: Yes, he is still in high school, but from what I know he tends to skip classes. You can call CPS and report the (possible) abuse. Also provide your friend with the suicide hotline information 1-800-273-8255. Your friend can call CPS himself and report the incident and ask for help. At 16 this person has certain rights to privacy, for example he can speak privately with doctors and counselors, as another way to get help. Is this child still in HS? He can report his beating and injuries to a teacher, or every teacher, until someone believes him and gets him help. Why are you concerned about a long legal battle? If this is someone you were dating, it’s important to note that a 20yo and a 16yo dating could be problematic in the eyes of LE, CPS, etc. If this child is dealing with child abuse, addiction, and suicide ideation it will take a while for him to unpack. I hope you can be a supportive friend.  You call the police and social services. You do NOT try to do this yourself.