 Comply with the plan.  You'll have to hire a lawyer to petition the court. The judge will likely give you a plan to resume associating with the child. Supervised visitations. Parenting classes. Drug tests. Etc. One thing you might want to keep in mind is its pretty damn hard to get CPS to take a woman's kids away from her, and especially to completely lose custody and visitation rights. If you go to a lawyer with a really biased version of events, it's only going to make it harder for him to aid you in court. Also, this is completely on her shoulders. Not only will the courts not recognize a boyfriend, but even if you were married you wouldn't have rights to the kid/s. Of course you can help guide her through the system though, which is what I assume you're here for.  If this winds up in court do not mention anything about "selfish reasons" or try playing the victim. That will not sell well.  Wait. So, the mother has been out of state for over a year and didn’t even know CPS was involved? She doesn’t know who the caseworker is? Is it safe to assume she hasn’t been present at any court hearings? If she hasn’t already had her parental rights terminated, I wouldn’t be surprised if the district attorney doesn’t file a petition to terminate them in the near future. I’m a bit confused. Who told the mother that the child was removed and who placed the child with the grandparents? Ok, thank you. The daughter was never "removed" but was told by the grandparent that CPS was called after the child was no longer in the mothers custody. Really appreciate your help!  If you are a legal party to the case, you can call your local office and request to speak with the worker assigned to the case. A legal party is a person who had legal custody of the child when they were removed from the home or a person who has legal rights to the child. This is usually a parent or a person with legal guardianship. How do you find out what who that is? Can you call CPS directly?  I am a child protective services investigator. When a child is removed from a parent’s custody and placed in the state’s custody, the parents must complete a court ordered treatment plan to regain custody. The parent will be assigned a case worker and this worker will assess the reason for the child’s removal and what services parent needs to be successful in regaining custody, The parent must complete services in a timely manner. The worker will monitor the parent’s progress and report it to the court. It is important for the parent to stay in contact with the worker and provide updates to worker. The parent should not only attend services, but should demonstrate the skills they have learned during interactions with their child, such as supervised visits. The parent should attend all scheduled parent/child visitations, as well as all court hearings. It is imperative that the parent make positive and consistent progress on their treatment plan and complete it in a timely manner, because if they do not, their parental rights can be terminated and the child can be placed for adoption. The daughter was given to the grandparent temporarily, during that time is when all this happen.  Thank you for your advise.  The mother. Not looking to get full custody. Just visits to prove that the mother is fit. She's been clean for over a year. She wasn't forced to be rehomed. She was staying with the grandma before the mother was ever addicted to drugs. During that time is when everything happen with CPS and the drug use.  Possibly, but the child was already in a safe space and not in the care of the mother before hand. The sister was trying to get custody but the grandma already had her. The daughter was staying with her grandma because she was sick and they didn't know how much time she had left. The grandma has since recovered. I understand why CPS was called but the child was already in a safe space with the grandma. The mother requested the grandma to take care of her to keep her away from the trouble the dad was in. The mother ended up getting sucked in as well.  Calling CPS because a parent is addicted to drugs is in the best interest of the child. It's hard to acknowledge, I'm sure, because it's your girlfriend, but every moment the child was in her care, they were in danger.  If CPS is involved she should have a case manager (social worker) who is in charge of her case, including but not limited to what she needs to do to regain visitation at minimum.  frankly, I'm concerned that your narrative seems to blame the sister or someone else for getting CPS involved. Have you considered that this legal action may have been the best thing to ever happen to this child? And possibly the mother?  Probably would have to go in person because that type of paperwork is usually confidential and they’ll want to see ID. You could call the courthouse beforehand to find out where they would have the paperwork though. Thank you for your help. It is much appreciated.  She can call the court house. Or contact her local legal aid for help doing it herself or hire a family law attorney So, figure out what court it went through, call them and find out what we need to do? What kind of lawyer would we need to start this process? I don't know the first thing about finding a lawyer.  Then her only option is to file to modify custody (assuming the child want adopted) to start supervised visitation. If there hasn't been visits for years they will likely start with supervised and/or counseling for parents and child For sure, she just wants some sort of visitation.  Do you just call the courts for that paperwork? Ok. That doesn't change that a judge needs to decide what is best for the child.  If the kid is in foster care (without a guardianship or adoption established), then a case is still open with the court, so the mom could request visitation there. I think Oregon gives parents attorneys in Dependency Court, so she should already have an attorney as long as she was around. If it was family court or probate (I’m not sure how Oregon handles their cases), then she should get the court paperwork and see what it says in terms of visitation. It might say, ‘At the Guardian’s discretion” or it might be more specific, like once a month or once a week, with supervision, without supervision, etc. She was out of state to stay clean. Recently moved back and is in a good place. I'm getting a lot of info from the grand parent. The mother had no idea that CPS was involved.  Thank you for this. I think guardianship is not what she is going for. She cares for her daughter and doesn't want to just take her away. More visitation is what she's looking for. No assault has happened.  This happened over a year ago? Why didn't she take action sooner? At some point it's going to look like she just abandoned the child and it may be better off elsewhere. Are you sure you're being told the whole story? If the children were removed over a year ago, they have already been told what to do.  The mother is your girlfriend or the child is your girlfriend? In the first case, the best thing you can do is help her get off the drugs. In the second case, CPS and the judge care about her opinion so if she was rehomed despite not wanting to there are probably very serious reasons why that's not a good idea. CPS would tell her what to do?  She's been clean for over a year now. So I assume contacting CPS on the next steps is what she needs to do. The father is still on the drugs and no one knows where he is.  Well, then the first step would be get off the drugs. Ideally they should get professional help in place so they can show CPS they are doing anything they can to prevent relapse. They should also follow CPS' instructions. It depends. If the kids were adopted by the grandparent, then there is nothing you can do unless there’s some safety reason the kids cannot be with the grandparents (abuse or neglect) or the grandparents have died or can no longer care for the children. If it is a guardianship and it was for sure done through Dependency Court (this deals with CPS cases), the parent would need to file with the Dependency Court. I’m not sure what form is in Oregon because I don’t work there. I would highly recommend hiring an attorney familiar with Dependency Court for this. The case will probably be put on calendar and the parent will need to show they have mitigated the circumstances that brought the child into foster care and the guardianship. So, if it was drug abuse, then the parent showing they are clean and sober and have been for awhile. It just depends on what the case plan said. If it was Probate Court or Family Court that set up the placement with the grandparents, then you’d need to file there. I will say, if the kids have been with the grandparents for a long time, the Court will not be inclined to remove the kids from that environment. A number of factors depend on that, but a parent that has been in regular contact with the kids and visiting them on a regular basis will have a better shot at return. A parent would need to have a stable residence with room for the kids. Steady employment or some steady source of legal income. Sober. If there are mental health issues, then the parent needs to have worked on those issues. If the kids were sexually abused by the parent, there’s no way they’re getting them back. If the kids were sexually abused and the parent allowed it to happen (knew it was happening or reasonably should have known), it’s unlikely the kids will be returned. If it was severe physical abuse, return is unlikely. It is an uphill battle once a guardianship is in place and like I said, if the kids were adopted, they will not be returned as long as the grandparents are able to care for them. Yeah, no one needs to be contacting the child. The parents would need to get off drugs and show that they have turned their lives around. They will be told exactly what they need to do.  It's my girlfriend.  The mom of the child was letting the daughter stay with the mom because she was ill. While that was happening the parents got addicted to drugs. The fathers sister who is not able to have kids called CPS on them. I was told by the grand parent that if their is contact with the child she risks going to foster care.  The child was staying with the grand parent was sick and had little time left. While that was happening the parent got addicted to drugs. The fathers sister called CPS on the parents for selfish reasons. The child has been with the mothers mom for about 2 years now and the parent has been clean for over a year.  What is your involvement? It sounds like you don't know a lot about the case. If you're not a party, I don't see how there's anything you can personally do. Surely you already know what the issue is, right? What is the backstory? There is a non contact order from what I understand. So that means the courts were involved or can CPS give that?  If the child was removed and placed with grandparents the courts are already involved. The process from there is different depending on state and the reason they were removed to begin with, but ultimately boils down to showing the court you are not/no longer a danger to the child The courts are already involved if the children were removed. The first step is talking to the case worker.  If the children have been permanently rehomed, that means the courts were already involved. CPS does not have the power to make a change like that on their own. They can only do temporary changes. So if there's no court order, you need to talk to CPS. So call CPS directly? Can I just Google a contact?  What's the first step to get the courts involved? Is there someone to contact?  The main part would be to work with CPS to resolve the issue that caused the child to be taken away. Also, it would be highly recommended to get a lawyer to assist you. Through court. Likely the court that made the original custody order To follow the courts directive. They will lay out the steps needed to get a child back. It’s going to depend on why they were removed. 