 She is 21, the ex is 20. Late last night he was texting her telling her about a dream he had where he shot her twice with a gun. He was apologizing to her for that. When she said it's ok it's just a dream, he said he thought it was at first, but now he doesn't think it is (a dream). He said he feels like he has nothing to lose and kept apologizing for "whatever I might do". He also told her that he was driving 100 Mph trying to get pulled over so he could have a reason to use his gun, as in having a shootout with a cop? He's clearly unhinged, he quit school and went on a long vacation around the country recently. He knows where she lives and where she works and that happens to be the same place I live and work, so I'm scared for her and myself. We called the police last night, it seems they can't do anything until he makes an appearance at our home/ work but I think that might be too late. Is there anything else we could do?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. You called the police and told them some guy was threatening to kill himself and possibly others and driving at top speed and hopes of getting into a shootout with cops and they said there was nothing they could do? Get the boyfriend's sister to go down to the police station and file a police report, indicating that she feels threated. Make sure she includes every detail of what he said including his threat to drive fast enough to get into a shootout with the cops and the phone call reporting her concerns and what she was told. Once there's a citizen complaint in writing this will get a little bit more attention. And at least they will have a paper trail if he calls her or contact her again in this manner. This is not a sub for satirical comments. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. No. To quote any good self-defense course instructor; by the time you have to use force to defuse a situation, you've already lost. While I am a huge supporter of a person's right to defend themselves, the second amendment, and all that, the use of lethal force WILL turn everyone involved's live upside down. The person using the force will likely be detained, even arrested, booked, and possibly charged. They will need to get an attorney pretty much no matter what. There will more than likely be great financial, personal, and professional strain put on them. In the end, when force has to be used, no one wins (and in case anyone is wondering, this is nearly word for word what is taught in concealed carry courses). So, this is shit advice. Calling the police is usually the most you can do (call again and ask for welfare check). They are the only people trained to deal with a potentially armed and dangerous person like this. The worst thing anyone can do here is try to defuse this themselves.  Whoever you talked to at the police is missing a page from the training manual, so lead them by the nose. Give them his address and tell them he's a danger to himself and needs a welfare check. He should be taken in for a psych eval.