 (Writing this one my phone, apologies for lack of paragraphs) . . So this morning I was leaving a friends house in a city I just recently moved to. Still unfamiliar with the layout of the roads and limited signing; I took a wrong turn down a one way. 100% my fault! I should have been more observant and not relied on just my GPS. After I realized my mistake, I went to go get as far away out of the road as I could and slowly started to pull over to the right hand side (going about 20 mph). Unfortunately, a car was making a turn into the one way, swerved into me across 2 lanes, and severely dented my drivers side door. We were both going under 35, and no airbags deployed. His hubcap came off, his tire popped, and he broke a headlight but that was he only damage to the car. A witness was standing by, and when I finally was able to get out of my car (my door is destroyed) she started screaming at me and telling me I hit him, and would not let me talk to the man, and would not let me call the cops until she did because she thought I was a hellbent crazed driver I guess?? Like....did I mess up by pulling into a one way ? Oh yeah definitely but accidents happen. . . I finally got a chance to see the man in the other car but he refused to talk or give me any contact info. His airbags also had not deployed and he appeared to be uninjured. (I also was unharmed). I found it strange that he would not speak to me, give me any contact info, or tell me his name, but passed it off as him just being understandably pissed. He would however, speak to the witness who encouraged him to milk this for what its worth. She then started screaming that was in serious pain and very injured. The EMTs came, spoke to her, took him to the hospital (they told me he was definitely ok), wrote me a ticket for driving the wrong way, and I was able to drive back to my apartment no problem (cars ugly but drivable). It’s a weekend and I live in the south. I can’t get my insurance agent to call me back. My family is convinced this guy is going to sue me. I think he’s going after the insurance company. Who can I talk to? What can I do? I need to take my car up to north Georgia to get it switched out so I can drive safely until I can get it fixed at the dealership. It’s very obvious from our cars damages that I was the one hit, but I was also in the wrong in the first place for being there. Help!  Insurance handles these issues, including providing lawyers in the event of a lawsuit Will do! I mean take it to a mechanic to have them inspect it. You know, to make sure it's safe to drive.  I have to drive it today, and no one can come out to have it inspected as far as I know. Is there 24 assistance/visits for people, even if it’s with a different insurance company? Yes, you can still drive it, though you may want to have it inspected first.  I did, but the claim agent can’t come out until Monday and isn’t answering the phone. Can I still drive it, or is it messing with evidence?  Report the accident to your insurance company. That's really all you can do at this point. 