 Hello everyone, My ex-fiancé and I share an apartment lease. The relationship recently dissolved, and per her wishes I moved out. The split was not amicable and thus we did not communicate about the logistics of the lease. I know from the prospective of the landlords we are joint and severally liable for rent; however, I am not concerned with the rent being paid as I know she cannot risk being evicted as she can't afford to find another place, pay the admin costs, moving expenses, etc. Also, she doesn't have a history of credit so she would have to find a co-signer. I know in the rare circumstances she doesn't pay the landlords can come after me; however, I will refuse to pay and would rather deal with management in court than pay for her to live there. And obviously during this time she would be evicted which as mentioned she can't afford that. Again, this is highly unlikely. I spoke w/ management and they provided me with a form of which we could both sign to release me from any obligations associated w/ the property; however, they would have to re-run her application to ensure she qualify to lease there. She refused to sign the form which I believe is due to the fact that she would have to pay to have her application processed again and she wouldn't be approved w/o a co-signer and likely other emotional reasons. Cutting to the chase here, if she later sues me in small claims court what's likely to happen? Based upon my research she would have to prove, likely in writing, that her and I had an agreement of how we would treat rent (ie we spilt equally, etc). We have no such agreement. In addition, I read she would have to prove I did not contribute to rent during the time I moved out until the term of the lease. To that extent, I have receipts to evidence there were several months I paid the rent in full. Again, I'm not really concerned with the landlord suing me/us as I am fairly confident she will find a way to pay the rent. I am just thinking ahead of if she tries to sue me after the lease expires for back rent. I really appreciate any prospective and experiences here and of course, legal advice.  's likely to happen? Based upon my research she would have to prove, likely in writing, that her and I had an agreement of how we would treat rent (ie we spilt equally, etc). We have no such agreement. In addition, I read she would have to prove I did not contribute to rent during the time I moved out until the term of the lease. To that extent, I have receipts to evidence there were several months I paid the rent in full. “Your honor, I never agreed to pay rent. I only signed a lease and paid the entire rent in full for months on end.” Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.