 My girlfriend and I are in a pretty shitty situation , and I have no clue how to help her. My girlfriend had a procedure done when she was a baby and this caused her to be immunosuppressant, meaning, certain vaccines she cannot take. She is already a junior and has completed one semester worth of rotations. However, her school said no one is willing to accomodate or take her in future rotations. They said “since you cannot be vaccinated against Measles Mumps and Rubella (“MMR”) or Varicella (commonly known as “chicken pox”). all nursing clinical placements are contingent on individual hospital and clinical facility approvals. Such approvals universally require that students comply with the site’s immunization requirements, including being vaccinated against MMR and varicella (see “Health Clearance Requirements” section of the 2017-2018 Nursing Student Handbook).” This is clearly a violation of some law. I have consulted with medical experts in the area and they have told me there are immunosuppressant employees in hospitals. What is the best approach for her ? Leave the school and come home ? Any advice is appreciated. A final thought... Did she disclose her status in the application to the school? If so, IMHO, she has a good case to be compensated for her tuition, expenses, time, etc, she has incurred “damages”. The school would likely settle quickly. She should start by doing some googling. Student nurse association. ANA. Forums for organ recipients. Get as much knowledge as she can about the situation. Again, a doctor's note only goes so far. Legally, an accommodation has to be REASONABLE. She can have a doctor's note saying she will 100% die if she gets through vaccine, and it's still not illegal if they cannot reasonably accommodate her. So she should absolutely drop the whole "disability. You have to accommodate me under any circumstances" mindset. Next, she should find out what changed between the last clinical rotation and this one. Is she doing maternity/pediatrics this semester? Is it a different hospital? Different area of the hospital? They have to be able to tell her why 1 semester they could accommodate her and this semester they cannot. So again, her first step is to find out info from people in similar circumstances. She's not the only one. 2nd, find out why this semester is different from the last. And then go from there.  You’re still not understanding the risks to GF, MRSA is endemic, C Diff, TB, etc... and we’re not even taking about oddball fungal infections. The drugs she’s on make it much easier to catch these illnesses, she won’t display the same response as a non immunosuppressed person, and she can pass along the illness to susceptible patients. Honestly, things like this are an issue with nursing, and I don’t see a way around it. She’s fortunate to have gotten a transplant, and she needs to be realistic about her career choices. This is a massive train wreck just waiting to happen, I agree with the school, am so sorry. it's not a reasonable accommodation to place patient safety at risk. The keyword here is reasonable. A special chair or soft lighting or a modified schedule is a reasonable accommodation request. Risking the health of patients that the hospital has a legal and moral duty to care for is not. It’s not just the patient’s health, but the general public, no school or employer will be willing to be responsible for an outbreak...  They have to provide reasonable accommodations. I'm an RN who works at a hospital. Can't get the flu shot for a medical/religious reason. You have to wear a mask from Sept to May. Can't provide documentation of certain vaccines or similar? You get a titer that shows you're ok to go. Is it reasonable to allow a student, who works with a sick population and has not had the MMR or varicella vaccine to be around newborns/pediatric patients? No, it really isn't. Your best bet is to talk to the director. Are there alternatives? You said she's already completed one round of clinicals. What happened between then and now? If it's a matter of A hospital allowed her but B,C, and D hospitals don't, and A hospital isn't doing clinicals this semester...she may have something to work with. I see she's a transplant recipient. Tell her to do some googling. I can almost guarantee there is some transplant forum somewhere where this question has been asked in some form.  Maybe, maybe not. The law you are looking for is the ADA. However it’s possible that it may not apply here. The ADA states that individuals cannot be discriminated against solely because of a disability. If they are capable of doing the work in question with a reasonable accommodation they must be granted such an accommodation. There are going to be some jobs where exemption from the vaccine, like working with other immunocompromised individuals, isn’t going to be reasonable. On the flip side, yes, it seems likely that there are quite a few jobs where it could be reasonable to be exempt from the vaccine requirement. There are of course immunocompromised individuals in medicine, but they are more limited. Your GF should go back to the person or persons responsible for scheduling, make it clear in no uncertain terms that she is asking for a reasonabke accommodation for her disability. If that doesn’t work reach out to an attorney who does disability work, keeping in mind there may be some limit to what she can be cleared to do. What did she have done that leaves her immunosuppressed? Why in the world does she want to be a nurse with that problem? I’m an RN with a normal immune system and my patients have made me sick many many times. The school’s position is defensible, there’s a period between exposure and symptoms when you’re contagious from many of the pathogens we immunize against, IIRC, CA has outbreaks of whooping cough, etc. Nursing schools are attempting to produce a “Swiss Army Knife” of a student, I like to be supportive, etc, but honestly, by accommodating her, they can’t do that, and would be possibly allowing her to put herself and her patients and the general public in harms way. The state board of nursing in your state would very likely agree with the school.  No its not clearly a violation. Not by a long shot. Those requirements are to protect patients. 