 Normally I would just advise her to pay, but it seems like she was really bullied and the ticket is unfair. Our employee is here on a visa and was traveling to the Grand Canyon with some friends. She has passed the written and driving portion of her California drivers license and has proof of that in the form of a valid temporary license backed up with a valid passport. She speaks English well but it is not her native language. She was given a ticket for ‘driving without a valid drivers license’. The ticket has ‘US district court’ on the top. Offenses charged: 36cfr42(b) can’t find this anywhere Ar528-3473 this Arizona Law regarding operation of a motor vehicle without a license. Appearing in court means traveling to Arizona? Or is there another way to fight this? We’re law abiding folks, but feel like this officer was unfair.  Not only can you not do that as a previous poster has pointed out, since this is actually a misdemeanor and screwing this up could affect her visa status she absolutely needs a lawyer. This isn't a speeding ticket with a fine, this could result in a criminal conviction. Edit - and my understanding is that if this interim license does not have a photo of her on it, it wasn't valid for use outside the state. So this may not be simply a case of clearing up a misunderstanding. That's not how that works. A lawyer may be able to represent someone else in court in certain instances, but a random stranger (which you effectively would be) can't. Ha yeah - I’m going to go in her place. I can travel for work and take a day off to do this for her. I’ll make sure she can write a letter giving me the ok to represent her.  Don't you mean "your friend"? Yes. In the Park.  Ok thanks. I’ll search for a local attorney. The ticket isn’t very much $ but maybe i’ll make a trip to the Grand Canyon for the court date on principle and to see the sites... This is a class 1 misdemeanor. She really needs a lawyer for this. Did this happen in the national park? Edit It just means state law applies. So the question is, does Arizona permit people with this sort of license to drive in the state She can find a traffic lawyer in the jurisdiction where she got the ticket who can advise her on what her options would be with the evidence that she has.