  Hello, I'm sorry if this gets asked about a lot but I am really at my wits end. As it states in the title, a giant water maple on my neighbor’s property has been costing me a lot in terms of money and anxiety. I just moved into my home barely 2 months ago and have already incurred about $1700 in damage, plus some. Unfortunately it has been things that aren’t covered by my home owners insurance (sewer/plumbing things) and repairs that have cost me just at my deductible ($1000). I am currently at a loss for what my options could be, if any. I also apologize for my length of this post lol. The first incident that occurred was about 3 weeks after moving in, there was what I assumed to be a main line clog. After several plumber’s opinions it turned out that my exterior pipes to the sewer had some mild tree roots but nothing super severe. I paid $300 for them to pull my toilet and snake everything, and was good for about another month. It was then I had another huge clog, followed by a 1 a.m. surprise of sewage backing up into my tub which hadn’t occurred previously. The neighbor in question informed me that sewage had backed up into his crawl space and that MSD (metro sewer servicer in the area) inspected his side of our shared sewer clean out, and it was extremely overgrown with tree roots from the water maple. I called the company as well to report my issues and they claimed nothing on my side was wrong (just as they did when I had the first clog) and that I needed to call a plumber. Considering it had already been 3 days that I was operating on a limited use of water plan, and I rent a room out to a roommate, I again paid $300 to have everything cleaned out. The next day I came home and the MSD had dug a 4x5 foot trench in my yard since that is where the sewer clean out is located, and disconnected me from the sewer completely, to fix the neighbor’s issue. I believe the neighbor’s clogged pipes were what was causing me to back up. Although this isn’t something I could have asked my neighbors to control per se, it did cost me $600 and they had their issue resolved by the city. The second incident occurred about 2 weeks ago after a light sleet/iced rain. A huge portion of this tree fell in both of our yards, with a majority of the limbs landing on my roof but I did not observe any damage that warranted concern there. However, the limbs from their tree did rip the electric pole off the side of my house and cost $1100 to replace and busted the outer pane of one of my windows. I was able to remove a majority of the limbs, but there is still a decent amount of branches leaning on my side of the fence, and ones that look like they were about to fall eventually that were pretty high up. Last night, we had a lot of wind and one of these huge branches finally did fall with a huge crash on my roof. I didn’t observe any damage, but I also didn’t get up on my roof at 1 a.m. I am not sure if my neighbors had new damage after last night, but they did inform me that after the ice they had holes in their roof from branches falling and were getting those looked at. They also told my roommate that this was the 3rd time they had damage from this tree, but they got a quote of $15k to remove it. There wasn't a mention of a serious trimming being a possibility. I have researched the law and it does look like anything that lands on my property is my problem. However, I really would like to prevent anything else from falling on my house and continuing to cause damage. I spoke with the city and they pretty much said unless it’s completely dead or diseased, they wouldn’t be able to cite them. Am I completely on my own in this situation? I am afraid that if more damage occurs my insurance won’t cover it because of my neighbor’s negligence but I have been taking lots of pictures. The level of stress I am experiencing this is seriously affecting me to the point that I hardly sleep at night and sincerely regret making this purchase as a single person on an average income. I am constantly on edge about what is going to happen next to deplete my savings. For reference this is in Louisville, KY. You are allowed to trim any branches that overhang your property as long as you don't kill the tree without having to go through your neighbor for permission. Is the tree dead, diseased or dying? If it isn't your neighbor isn't negligent and homeowner's insurance considers it an act of God. If the tree is dead, diseased or dying, and you have proof that your neighbor knew, then your neighbor is negligent and your homeowner's insurance can go after your neighbor for payment. For the tree roots look into Copper Sulfate, you flush it down the toilet and it kills the roots. My dad does this every couple of months and we haven't had a plumbing backup due to roots for a few years. The last major one was due to a pipe collapse because the pipe was old.