 I have a friend that's pretty lightweight and often gets a ride home from parties by boys she's into. There's no real issue right now, it's just to settle an argument we had while hammered. When she plans to get drunk she will often text boys she likes in advance saying "I'm sober now but if I come home drunk and make a move on you, you have my consent". On paper it doesn't seem like it would hold a lot of ground if she ever deemed one of those boys to have sexually assaulted her, especially if you can tease the idea that she possibly withdrew her consent. I'm not a lawyer but here's what I know about the legal terms of sexual consent in my state. Not important to the definition but it might help you understand what things I might have wrong about it. -The reason having sex with a drunk person is rape is because their judgement is impaired. Meaning that their consent doesn't hold up in court even if provided. However this only means that in court consent is not a viable defense against an accusation. This would mean that her consent would hold up then because it was made while she wasn't drunk, but what if she actually withdrew that consent at some point? Does that no longer hold up if applied to the same rule? I assume it doesn't. So how does it work? I'm sure a lot of other details go into a court case that would determine this but what's the normal legal rule to this? I'm in New York but if you have advice from another state that's fine too, it's mostly to satisfy my curiosity. /r/legaladviceofftopic  Well in that moment if she was sober enough to fight with me about it she was probably sober enough to consent then? Thank you! Well, first of all it depends on what you mean by drunk. Having sex with someone who is "incapacitated" or unable to consent is rape. Not everyone who has consumed alcohol is definitionally incapacitated. Further, usually the law requires a "reasonable person" to be able to tell that your friend is incapacitated for it to be assault (unless it's assault for another reason, like because she said no or otherwise didn't consent). However, your friend's pre consent idea doesn't work. You have to be consenting in the moment, and capable of retracting consent too. For example, if a guy she told she was interested in having sex with turned out to be into clowns, and your friend is terrified of clowns and therefore said "stop," her actions in the moment matter more than anything she said in the past, and he'd have to stop.  No, it does not work. I don't even need to read the text to tell you that it doesn't work. Because consent can be revoked at any time. One second after consent is given, the giver can revoke it. Nothing in writing will change that fact. Having sex with a drunk person is not rape unless they are beyond the capacity to consent. This is a common myth that lots of Redditors seem to believe. Edit: also, this makes no sense. If she goes home with a guy and he bones her she can just not go to the police about it.