 I received a call yesterday from a law firm stating that I have a warrant for my arrest from 2006. The warrant is in TX, I had lived there for some time but moved out of state in 2005. The warrant is for writing a bad check. My first thought was that it was BS but they had a docket number and I was able to verify all the other info provided. After some research and a call to the county JP’s office I realized that this is very real. The check was written for $35 at a grocery store that I’ve never been to in a city I’ve never been to. I was going to school in the North East at the time and Texas was still my permanent residence but I most certainly wasn’t in the state. I requested a copy of the check and it isn’t my handwriting or signature. It does have my correct name and address on it but the DL # is off by one digit. I’m unsure if the phone # was ever mine, it might have been my family’s home number but it wasn’t my cell. I definitely had an account at the bank the check is from but not sure if it’s the actual account number, the check bounced because the account was closed. I tried to verify the account info but it was from Wamu and they’ve been Chase for almost 10 years and couldn’t give me any info over the phone. Someone had hand written my actual date of birth on the check, like they had verified it against an ID. The clerk at the JP said I had to either pay the fine or enter a not guilty plea. If I enter a not guilty plea I’ll have to appear for a court date. I live in the Mid-West now and travel to the court would probably cost just as much as the fee/restitution. I want this to go away but I also don’t want to have a misdemeanor for writing bad checks when I didn’t do anything. This was so long ago that I don’t have any good way of proving that I wasn’t in the state at the time. I don’t know where to start and I have so many questions.... How can I get this cleared up without having to appear in court? If I do pay the fee, will it show up on some kind of record and will I have to notify a potential employer? It seems like I need a lawyer, what kind of lawyer should I be looking for and how do I go about finding one? Also, this seems like a lot of trouble for someone to go to for just $35 and I have to assume they wrote more checks. I did a global warrant search and nothing came up, including this warrant, what can I do to make sure I won’t have any other surprises related to this?  Sounds like a stolen check issue to me. Contact bank. Perhaps, they can supply you with images of actual checks you wrote, as evidence in your defense. If you had checks stolen and used, there is a thief to catch. Your bank may also cover the situation. If you just pay for the 12 year old check plus court fees, you could be admitting on record to a crime you never committed. The due diligence to prove your innocence, and resolve the bad/stolen check is in your hands.  Google "criminal defense lawyer" (name of city) or (name of county). That's a starting point, but try to look at reviews by clients on a third party web site. As you look at candidates, you might favor someone who has clearly been in that town/county for a while. You might want someone who appears to do mainly criminal stuff, and not someone whose website says "Family/Probate/Personal Injury/Criminal/Bankruptcy/Patent Specialist!". Other thing being equal, I might prefer someone who was an assistant prosecuting attorney for a few years...they will know the nuts and bolts of what's really possible and how to get things done. Ideally, they'll also know the right people in the Prosecutor's Office and the Clerk's office to make this go smoothly. Good luck, and please post a follow-up  In Texas, the statute of limitations can be tolled (suspended) for the amount of time the accused is out-of-state, which seems like it would apply for the past 12 years. Seems silly in this circumstance, but here we are.  Eh, yeah in that case this wouldn't apply. Very odd that you never found out about this in the 12 years. Of course. Would have been too easy. I don’t think this applies because the charges were filed in 2006, just a few months after the check was written. Somehow they were unable to notify me until now, 12 years later. The charge is Issuance of a Bad Check, which is a class C misdemeanor.  The case was filed within a few months of the check being written. I was just unaware until now, 12 years later.  How is this case even valid? What is the exact charge listed on the warrant? IANAL, but a statute of limitations should kick in here if this was 12 years ago. From a quick search, check fraud in Texas has a statute of limitation of 2-5 years depending on if it's a felony or misdemeanor. See below. "Theft by check in Texas is classified as a misdemeanor if the amount misappropriated is less than $1,500. A misdemeanor charge of theft by check has a statute of limitation of two years from the date of the commission of the offense. Therefore, charges may be brought up to two years after a bad check is written." A statutes of limitations is there to protect defendants in cases exactly like this where it would be difficult to prove innocence with evidence based on the time that has passed. Edit: I guess I should add that the statutes of limitations only limits when the charges can be filed and not when they can be prosecuted. When were the charges filed and warrant issued? Recently or around the time of the alleged crime? We’re charges filed within two years of the check being written? If not may have a case of statute of limitations.  . If I enter a not guilty plea I’ll have to appear for a court date. I live in the Mid-West now and travel to the court would probably cost just as much as the fee/restitution. I want this to go away but I also don’t want to have a misdemeanor for writing bad checks when I didn’t do anything. You (or rather, your lawyer) can file a pretrial motion to dismiss, particularly given how defective the evidence appears to be. Unfortunately, they're rarely granted, even in egregious circumstances, but it's certainly worth a try. An attorney may be able to represent you in court without you being physically present. The attorney will probably cost more than $35, but the trouble that would come from a conviction isn't worth it. Edit: this would be a slam dunk case if you were present, but without your presence, your testimony may be inadmissible. The attorney may advise you to travel for the case.  Criminal defense lawyer. [Click here](=Find_A_Lawyer Template=/CustomSource/MemberDirectory/Search_Form_Client_Main.cfm Find=0) to visit the Texas State Bar's referral service(s).