 A few months ago I attended a professional conference. My conference pass and travel expenses were paid by my employer. After the conference events for the day were over I met a woman who was also a conference attendee and we had consensual sex. She ended up traveling to see me a few more times. I have text messages, voicemails, Facebook messages all verifying this that our relationship was totally consensual. The woman does not work for my employer, had no connection to my employer. Our two companies had no interaction as well. I sent her a text message a few weeks ago and she replied "Please don't talk to me again." I asked if everything was okay and she said "Please stop communicating with me." Ok message received, I stopped reaching out to her. Then this week I get called into my HR office and they say that they are opening a sexual harassment investigation against me and I'm on unpaid leave effective immediately. Basically the short of it is, the woman filed an HR complaint against me with her HR department and her HR department concluded I had acted inappropriately at the conference and forwarded the information to my HR department. My HR department said they are investigating as if I sexually harassed a fellow employee because they paid for the trip and I was there as an employee of them so they are ultimately responsible for my actions at the conference. Is it worth getting an employment attorney to protect myself? I first met this woman at a bar after all the conference activities had ended for the day, it had nothing to do with the conference aside from attendees being there. She was not ever a co-worker, our relationship was entirely consensual, I really don't see how this is my employer's business as if I had seen any other woman outside of work. That would seem like a reason to retain an attorney... Knowing where you work doesn't make you a representative of the company 24/7. She obviously knew who he worked for otherwise she would not have been able to report him to his OP department. But again this is not a legal issue just life advice.  [deleted] [removed] I'm not sure what you are trying to say there. [deleted] [removed] [removed]  Depends on what you mean by "represent". In one sense, represent means able to act on behalf of in terms of entering into contracts and what not, so the answer would be no there. But if by represent you mean that your actions reflect upon your employer, positive or negative, then yes you are representing your employer and should be on your best behavior. That’s true, but when I made that comment, I did not remember the details. I initially wondered if it was the same person, retelling the story a little differently. Clearly it isn’t, but there’s one common element, and that’s the notion of sexually harassing someone outside of your own business. Ultimately comes down to being seen as a representative of your employer, and being expected to be a good ambassador. This case sounds very different on the face of it, and I hope it works out ok for OP. [removed] [removed] [removed] You can be fired even for things that occur outside of work, are perfectly legal, and that has nothing to do with your employer. It is part of working at-will. So the argument about whether or not you were on company time is totally and completely irrelevant, other than your company may not have chosen to get involved had you not been at a conference representing said company.  You are in an at-will state. Your company can absolutely fire you for this. There are reasons that people advise never mixing business and pleasure. This sounds familiar - there was someone else who posted a similar story. You absolutely need a lawyer for this, and make sure you have backups and printouts of all the messaging and correspondence. Make a timeline/calendar of your meetings, especially when she travelled to see you. My guess is that she was in a relationship, and was found out, and is attempting to cover her tracks. Cover yourself here - cross the Ts and dot the Is. You do not want to go into this unprepared. IANAL, but if HR/employer decides it's an issue to them, then it's an issue. Don't get caught up in the "after hours" business. That boat's sailed. Even so, you may still lose your job, but you can limit the damage. The time of day doesn't matter. You were there for a work conference. And besides even if you were not at a work conference you could be fired because of an allegation of misconduct. Our initial meeting was like 7pm after all the conference events were over at a venue that didn't have any connection to the conference. How does that make me on company time?  Although I am not a lawyer, I will say that the fact that she was not an employee or any other way related does not really have bearing in this particular case. You were at a conference representing your employer and that's precisely why it has become a HR issue. Maintain all your photo evidence and consulting an employment attorney would likely be your best option.   No. You can be fired because someone told your employer something derogatory about you. If by protect yourself you mean guarantee you won't get fired, you can't. You can legally be fired for this. 't see how this is my employer's business as if I had seen any other woman outside of work. You were on company time and a representative of your employer. File for unemployment and brush up your resume because you will probably be looking for a new job soon.