 This past summer, some friends and I went backpacking to Europe for a week. Being the host, I paid most of the costs upfront and had everyone else pay me their share. One particular friend told me last minute that he had emergency expenditures come up and wouldn't be able to pay the full cost of his share, so I wrote it off as a $500 debt (without a written contract, which is a fault on my part). Records in our Facebook messages: August: July kept trying to play it off as a gift, making excuses on how he's really in a bad financial situation and I'm a good friend. By the end of the month, I finally get him to say he'll pay it back. September: He's moved addresses for school, and says he mailed 500 cash to me. Of course I don't receive my money, and neither of us has any evidence he mailed it. October: At this point, most of our friends are taking my side and he's playing the victim, saying we're cheating him out of an extra 500 because he already mailed the money. November: Finally get him to pay it up over PayPal. He screenshots me 500 transferred. I only get 50 and he tells me to contact PayPal for this discrepancy and shows me a screenshot of his bank account with 500 less. I don't want to jump to conclusions, but given his shady history with this whole thing, it's possible he's photoshopped his screenshots. At this point, none of us know his new address, and we're pretty annoyed I'm out $450. It's not worth my effort to sue him in small claims, so I plan to compile our messages and post it public on Facebook to be shared around. Are there any legal consequences for this? It's a bad idea to name and shame because it opens you to a claim of libel. Whether his claim is false or not is not the point, just being dragged in is going to cost you. You are already down [e:~~$500~~ $450], and for less than ~~$500~~ $450 he could buy your silence as a settlement of the dispute between you. Perhaps try to find his new address (you have 2 years just about everywhere in Canada) and serve him in small claims court. In Canada the successful party can recover reasonable costs (including the costs to find him and serve him). 