 I’ll try to be short and precise without giving too much information. Quick background story- my brother and wife got married around 18 when they got pregnant. There marriage is not the best, they almost got divorced about 2 years ago. They have 6 kids now and their relationship with the rest of the family is strained. I barely talk to them anymore. My niece is now 13 turning 14 in December. She is struggling in school and is not able to express her feelings. She cries at school when the teacher asks what’s wrong. Her parents have pretty much given up her. Her mom has more than one occasion says she doesn’t want her anymore. And pretty much their parenting skills is shit. A year ago my niece was dropped off at my parents house for a few weeks because she stole money from her moms purse to buy candy. She was afraid to go home and foolish me did not call cps. She went back after a month. We’re running into the same problem again of her struggling at home and school. I know her mom doesn’t want her and is willing to give her to the family but my brother is not willing to give her over even though he is being a shitty parent as well. The family is not willing to intervene if my brother and wife are still legally her parent for fear that they’ll just take her back anytime. What are my options? Where do I start looking for help???  I’m an hour away from her. I pretty much helped raise her as a kid. There’s no internet at home and she doesn’t have a phone for me to communicate with her. I try to go back home at least once a month to spend time with her and ask how she’s doing. I did work in cps and I know my hands are tied when it comes to reporting because technically there is no physical abuse and she has the basic necessities so she’s not being neglected otherwise I would have called in a heartbeat.  The problem you're going to have here is that if you do anything for the one child, it's going to affect the other five as well. If you go the CPS route, if CPS determines your niece shouldn't live there, they're likely going to determine ALL of the children shouldn't live there. You could bring a private action, but there is a presumption that parents are fit to raise their children. You may be able to get over that presumption, but the court is going to wonder why you are fighting to get custody of the rest of the children as well. If one child is so bad off, why aren't you trying to get the rest of them out too? Your best bet might be to just try to be as supportive as you can from where you are. Help the niece with her homework as much as possible to get her grades up. Let her come over as much as possible. Improving your relationship with your brother might also help your niece in the long run. You simply being an occasional presence in their house could do a lot.  Legally, you don’t have much to stand on. CPS is very careful about removing custody of the child and it has to be pretty bad before they will intervene. If you can find some evidence of abuse or neglect it would help but it would need to be pretty solid evidence.