 [Ontario, Canada] I am 21, and I have been subleasing a room from my landlord for the last 3 years while I study at a university nearby. However, I had a job opportunity far away from the city (starting May 1, 2018) and I already subleased the room for the next year (starting September 2018 until August 31, 2019) so I decided to sublet my room to another tennant from May 2018 until end of December 2018. I found someone to sublet to and I made him sign two contracts for two terms with two different rent payments (which were signed a month apart) and I also collected last month's (December) rent in advance. Here comes the issue, in November he was very late to his rent payment but assured me he would get it by December. I reluctantly gave him some time, however, since December I have lost all contact with him and has also blocked me on social media. He has moved out without giving notice and has not paid November's rent. I have the contract with the duration period and the required payment for the room but I'm worried now that tracking him down and making him pay with a lawyer will cause too much headache for me. What should I do? tldr: subletter moved out without notice and without paying November's rent and has blocked all contact with me.  NAL. If your lease was a proper lease just for your room, you cleared the subletting with your landlord, and you used a standard lease for your subletter, you are under the RTA. That technically means that you can file at the LTB under the RTA to resolve this. As I'm sure you've figured out though, that's not much use if you can't track the person down and since they are delayed. I would suggest calling the LTB and asking about filing for abandonment and for any unpaid rent. Abandonment will give you the room back legally and a decision from the LTB on rent will give you some opportunities to pursue the unpaid rent in the future. Practically speaking, if you're certain they're gone you can do your best to find someone else to take the room in the interim to cut your losses but if he reappears and you haven't gone through the proper steps to get possession back, he's entitled to the room he's renting from you, even if he hasn't paid rent.  I rent the room. I live there with 4 other university friends. I had to move away for 2 semesters so I sublet to another guy and he has been living there for the last 7 months. The landlord does not live in the house with us either.  Can you please clarify your renting situation? Is the room one where you shared a kitchen/bathroom with your landlord? I'm also really unclear what's happening with one sublet from September 2018 to August 2019 and another covering May 2018 to December 2018 inclusive. Who is living there from September 2018 to December 2018? You have to sue him in small claims court if you want to get paid. This means tracking him down. Hire a skip tracer if necessary to find him. Expenses to locate the defendant can be added to the claim. You don't need a lawyer for this. You're in Ontario, so you can hire a notary if you want help or even just occasional advice. In the meanwhile, you still owe rent to your own landlord.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.