 I'm a 20 year old. So basically one of those undercover cops came in and asked to purchase beer. I asked for his ID because I could tell he was young but only skimmed the ID. So I gave it to him anyway and however many minutes later the officers came in and explained to me I sold alcohol to a minor and interviewed me about it. I have a ticket now for a misdemeanor and I have to go to court in January (BP25658(a) if that helps). This would make me a first time offender, let alone the first time ever getting a ticket. I was wondering what I should expect and what my best route would take and what will most likely come of this. I'm scared and don't know what this will mean for me. I don't know if this will help but they asked for all my personal information and interviewed me in the middle of the restaurant in front of all the customers It's weird how often this type of thing gets posted here. It's almost like people don't understand that the point of checking ID is to verify the person's age. [removed] I’m sure they’ve been fired. The restaurant could have gotten shut down and fined as well.  So you didn’t take care to look at the date? It sounds like this is entirely on you. How many other children have you sold alcohol to because you didn’t bother to spend half a second reading a date? Oh, so you fully knew the guy was underage and still proceeded to sell him the beer? ... You'll probably be issued a fine ($1,000) and some community service (24 hours, I believe). If the court wants to make an example out of you (which they probably won't seeing as it's your first offence), they could tack on contributing to the delinquency of a minor, which carries a sentence of up to 1 year, and a fine of $2,500. You should either get a lawyer or apply for a [public defender](http://www.pubdef.ocgov.com/services/default.htm). Plan on pleading not guilty at the initial hearing.  It wasn't fake it was just an underage ID. In terms of a fake I don't recall. We had to read forms/watch videos during the interview process. Have you been provided adequate training in order to spot fake ID's?