 I work for the largest home Improvement store in the United States. I am an outside sales consultant for them and was a top performer in my market. The company recently announced that they were immediately eliminating 4 out of 5 of our products nationwide. For me personally, these 4 eliminated offerings made up 75% of my compensation. When the company made the change, they eliminated ~2/3 of the sales force, and kept the top 1/3 of performers to only sell the 1 main offering. The employees that were terminated were given a severance package of over $15,000 - regardless of performance. The sales people that were retained were not offered any sort of compensation change, or given the option to leave the company and take the severance package - essentially being forced to accept the changed position or leave with no severance. My question: is this legal for them to not give an option to their top performers to leave and take the severance package? As an example of what this would be like: say a company had 2 managers and they were eliminating their position. They fired the one and gave them a severance package. The other kept their job title, but were told they must only do 1/5 of their previous job and with this would only be paid 1/4 of what they were before. With this change they were told they could either take it or leave it.   : is this legal for them to not give an option to their top performers to leave and take the severance package? Yes, absolutely. It would have also been legal for them to give them nothing. Do you have an employment contract that outlines severance? Changing your job description can result in what is considered to be constructive dismissal, so you could apply to EI. Unless you have an employment contract that includes severance, they don't have to provide you, a continuing employee, with monetary compensation for changing your job description  : is this legal for them to not give an option to their top performers to leave and take the severance package? Yes.