 Hi all, I'll keep it to the point: We entered into a transaction with a relo company to buy a house in an area where my new job is before starting said job. On the second day of my new job they told me that the office would relocate about an hour drive away. I don't like to drive and we were going to buy the new house because of its proximity to my new employment. After finding out about the office move, we tried to get out of the transaction. We tried saying we didn't like things on the inspection, we sent a letter from my employer stating that my job would move, we offered a partial earnest money release and the seller accepted none of these. This was all within about a week. At the end of that week we decided a full earnest money forfeiture was our only way out so we offered that assuming that if they refused we would just buy the house and deal with the moving issue later as it would still be cheaper than hiring a lawyer and fighting it that way. After offering the full release they took 5 full days to respond. Once they accepted the forfeiture, we found out they had another buyer. The house never changed status on the MLS and didn't change price. I feel like we were strung along and want to take them to small claims to try and get the money back. I want to argue some sort of unclean hands/bad faith and argue that they were not injured in any way and should have just let us out of the contract when the other buyer came along. They, of course, will argue that we offered the money and signed the release of the money. I'm not quite sure what precedent is in this type of thing, and I know in small claims I am basically taking a gamble on getting a sympathetic judge. Let me know if you think I have a fighting chance and should file a suit. Thanks in advance! I still don’t agree with your reasoning but I do apologize for calling you butt hurt. It's unethical because you wrote it in a way that made it clear that you were using a contrived grievance from the inspection to back out of the deal. You didn't want to escape the purchase due to inspection items, you wanted to dump it due to the movement of your job. I'm not "butt hurt" over anything. The resolution of this does not effect me one way or the other. The general rule is that a breaching buyer forfeits earnest money deposits regardless of whether there can be demonstrated harm. You're free to speak to a lawyer about this, but expect the contract you signed to actually be enforced. Best of luck! Is it ethical to provide an inspection prior to me doing my own and then have my inspection show major issues? I tried to use the inspection because our realtor said they would “work with us” on things in the inspection. You seem butt hurt that I didn’t buy the place regardless so let’s just go our separate ways. It injures them because you signed a contract stating that it would injure them if you didn't buy the house and that damages were impossible to calculate so you both agreed that the deposit was a fair approximation of damages. It also isn't ethical to use an inspection as a pretextual reason to back out of a sale so......    . 't help us move forward on a lease for a different house until the contract for the one mentioned was terminated 's compounded by the seller not responding to the offer to release the earnest money for almost a full week. . They could have tried to compel you to honor the contact. Instead they went out of their way to find a solution where they would not have to do that. It took them time. . . There couldn't have been an injury to the seller on our part. ? The condition of the house would be reflected in the market price. Whether or not it was in good condition is irrelevant. 't place a bid on another house, or make some other plans based on the fact that you signed a contract and they assumed you would fulfill its terms? I know because they are a relocation company. They were compelled to buy the house, or a company bought it, and their only objective was to sell the house for the highest price.   't help us move forward on a lease for a different house until the contract for the one mentioned was terminated Personally I would not have worked with a realtor who worked alongside the sellers realtor, and perhaps they were unethical, but there was nothing stopping you from getting another realtor, and, frankly, why would you help someone get a new house when they are under contract for a current one? 's compounded by the seller not responding to the offer to release the earnest money for almost a full week. They did you a favor. They could have tried to compel you to honor the contact. Instead they went out of their way to find a solution where they would not have to do that. It took them time. . . There couldn't have been an injury to the seller on our part. Huh? The condition of the house would be reflected in the market price. Whether or not it was in good condition is irrelevant. How do you know that they didn't place a bid on another house, or make some other plans based on the fact that you signed a contract and they assumed you would fulfill its terms?  We didn't buy the house, but someone else did on almost the same timeline. Help me understand how that injures them? They probably got a better deal even. So if the market is hot and you are under contract and a buyer wants out the best way to go about it is to take their earnest money and then sell to someone else? That might be legal, but it definitely isn't ethical. We were basically coerced into signing away the earnest money. The realtors for each side work for the same brokerage and wouldn't help us move forward on a lease for a different house until the contract for the one mentioned was terminated. I get that this is a realtor issue, but it's compounded by the seller not responding to the offer to release the earnest money for almost a full week. We had already provided notice to our former residence so we had to find a new place ( I know that a judge would find this irrelevant). The house needed repairs and was listed at a very discounted price. There couldn't have been an injury to the seller on our part. Why do you think you are entitled to your money back?  They were - you didn't buy the house. The fact that they had another buyer in the waiting is irrelevant. If it was a hot market this is a very common situation. Why wouldn't the Realtor call the second best offer immediately? You can speak to a real estate attorney in your area because they are all very state/country specific and you didn't post your location information. 