 Hey, my 17 year old son has T1 diabetes. He relies mainly on his phone for glucose monitoring. Yesterday the public school he attends took his phone. Their policy is that is you are “Using for your phone to much” they take it. First time 1 day. Second time 3 days. Third time 5 days. (End of school week) In the past is has not been a problem because after school I have been able to get it. I am out of the country on business and my wife is out of state as well. My wife called the school and they say the will only give the phone back to a “Parent or Legal Guardian” the school knows he has Diabetes. There is no documentation that he uses his phone for glucose. He offered to show the principal. Yesterday my son went to the drug store after school and got a finger pricker. He told me he would be “Fine”. I know how much he hates using one and it is not as good as the continuous glucose monitor on his phone. What legal rights do I have to make the achool give him back his phone before Thursday when My wife gets home? [removed] [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. An IEP is an Individual Education Plan. Strictly for educational needs. I have never heard of a 504, which, I would surmise is for the physical side. Aka things like an inhaler you might need to have just to live. [removed] IANAL but I am the parent of two children with diabetes who use their phones for CGM. We have it written specifically into their 504 plans that they are able to use their phones at all times, both for CGM and (because I monitor their BGs from home) to respond to texts from me. They both know that if they use their phones at school for anything else, they'll be back to constant finger pokes, so they are good about usage. As soon as you are back in town, get a meeting with the counselor and the nurse to iron this out. In my kids' schools, they email 504 info to all of their teachers at the beginning of each semester. [removed] Seems like common sense isnt common anymore. Yes, repossess phones but if a student has a 504, they can keep it for medical uses only. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] So IANAL but I’m an educator who deals frequently with the IDEA/504 acts. You need to meet with the school and demand he has an IEP/504 that allows him to use the phone to measure glucose levels. Simple request. Simple documentation. Protected by federal law. Get rich next time.  Call the school and request a meeting to amend the 504 plan. At the meeting, say you want it added to the plan that your son is immune from the no phone policy, provided that he’s not abusing. If they push back, I think it’s pretty easy to make the case that confiscating his phone jeopardizes his safety. The school doesn’t want to fight that battle. School Psychologist here. Call the school and request a “504” for his health which outlines he can use his phone specifically for use of managing his diabetes. You might need to provide a doctors note but the school legally will have to comply. Explain to your student they should do their part and not abuse the accommodation by using phone as a distraction. [deleted] [removed] [removed] I'm not certain about the policies, but I think parents can ask to review the 504 plan and make changes at any time. This might be important enough to do when you get back into the country and add phone access directly to the plan. That is EXACTLY WHY your child has a 504. I would raise hell with admin. I'm an educator and this pisses me off. I work in an elementary school, so granted, the situation is a bit different. But all staff knows of students with Type 1 diabetes and we even have 2 types of mandated training for type 1 diabetes in schools (I'm in Illinois). I am so sorry this is something your family is going through. [removed] Speaking as an educator, it's likely that there's some clause in a student/parent handbook that was signed regarding a phone confiscation policy- all schools I have worked at have had this. [removed] [removed] Since he has diabetes I want to assume he has an IEP or 504 plan (using lingo from Ohio you may have a different name for intervention plans). If this is the case then that is a legally binding document that the school has to follow. As long as it says that he has to monitor his glucose intake (and it’s vague about how he does it) you may be able to convince the principal to let him do it. If they refuse then maybe pursue legal action. Talk to the principal first though. See if you can come up with an agreement where he can check his glucose level in certain classes. You may want to ask your son how often he’s really using his phone in class. If he’s habitually using it his teachers may see it as an annoyance rather than your son actually using it to monitor something important. Usually teachers are understanding. Try talking to everyone first.  Which is why I suggested the 504. The comment I responded to brought up the IEP. Without knowing more, we don’t know if an IEP would be appropriate or not. This could very well qualify him for an IEP under OHI, but that’s not the point of the OP.  You get the Dr to write a letter explaining it. Does his grandmother have a signed document from you saying she's his temporary guardian? If not, send her one ASAP. It not only works for tons like picking up property from the school, but also for giving doctors permission to treat him, and anything else that comes up while you're gone that normally requires a parent to take action. US residents can find templates online pretty easily. I'm not sure about other countries.  This isn't IEP territory regardless. In order to have an IEP, there needs to be evidence that he's not making progress in the general curriculum as a result of the disability. The kid is doing fine in school, so no IEP. Go to the school counselor and have her create a 504 plan for your son. This is a legally binding contract that the teachers have to honor. Have them create a plan that allows your son to have his phone whenever.  [removed] You can request a meeting to amend the 504 to address this issue. Do it in writing and submit it to the front office. Document your attempts to address this and if it is not resolved you may speak to a district level personnel in charge of 504s and IEP compliance. I’m a school administrator and a type 1 diabetic. Does the CGM come with its own monitor? I know my Dexcom outputs to a phone or the monitor it came with.  Yeah, now that I know more I agree lol. If both the superintendant and principal are being stupid and ignoring you, I'd say its safe to stop worrying about being nice Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): If you know it's off-topic DON'T POST IT. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. We have one. It has reasonable accomdations for his diabetes. The school did not consider his iPhone part of the “Continuous Glucose Monitoring System” The nice folks at dexcom sent my wife paperwork stating the iPhone is an integral part. On monday we are going to update his 504 and have the word iPhone added. The people here are really stupid rednecks. [removed] You can get a 504 Plan. Paperwork from the doctor specifying that he uses his phone for medical monitoring. They are relatively "easy" to obtain, and your school will have a 504 plan coordinator.  Add the phone to his 504 plan (special ed teacher) Sounds like the principal thinks T1 diabetes is related T2 diabetes. That’s a common thing my cousin gets with his T1. Most people don’t know the difference.  Sounds like the principle doesn't understand the difference between T1 and T2. I'd bet he has a sibling or spouse with T2 and assumes everyone else is the same. Something akin to, "she's fine now that she does the Atkins diet." You might want to show him [this.](http://www.adph.org/tpts/assets/sampleschoolpolicy.pdf) [removed] The simple answer is it’s none of the child/parents business. He’s a protected class, and the 504 is confidential, and so is why he has a 504. T1 is covered under ADA. Using his phone is a reasonable accommodation, especially because Dexcom is a CGM. In the same scenario, without a CGM, they wouldn’t be able to tell him that he can’t go the the nurses office to prick his finger and test manually.  After reading all the way through, wow. Sorry about the stupid. Sounds like you need to run for school board so that you can have competent people in charge. I would fax the school a letter that your son requires the phone as part of his CGM system, and as such it is a medical device and you require them to return it to your son immediately. State that you are putting the school on notice that failure to return the phone puts your son at risk medically. I would also ask for a revision of the 504 plan to include him being allowed to use the phone to check his CGM as needed.  Oh, we have plans come monday when I get home. Thanks everyone for the advice and support. It is getting really late here in europe.  [removed] Yes! I consider it theft. The policy I think was put in place about vapes and other things. Like if they confiscate a vape they cant give it back to the student. Only the parents. So when his phone was confiscated they could only give it to me or my wife?  [removed] He chews his dip in his office according to students and my childrens friends. I personally have seen him chew it in the parking lot. Its disgusting to me personally. You'd have to pull the 504 and see. That's not a part of the default 504, but you could have made that request. Or, for sure, modify the 504 to have that added verbatim. My wife works with her clients on 504's, she said you'd have to request that to be added. [removed] [removed] IANAL but a nurse. The phone is an integral part of the continuous glucose monitoring system so seems it should be covered by his 504. Regardless, it's ridiculous that a school is allowed to not return a students possessions at the end of the day. Isn't that theft if it's done without your explicit consent?  Forget that advice. BE a dick. This is your child's life at risk here. Diabetes is covered by the Americans with disabilities act. It would be worth finding a lawyer to send the superintendent a letter. He's exposing the whole district to pretty severe liability.  It is the G6. All I know is he rarely has to calibrate it. As long as his A1C is fine, I usually stay out of it.  Legally in Alabama there is no tobacco on school grounds or any school sponsored event. Also, ask the principal where he got his medical degree since he is providing medical advice about no sugar. A lawyer letter should clear this up. It could be the newest G6 dexcom CGM, which requires a bit less calibration. Just had training on it and that was one of the points they brought up with the G6 over the G5. He can also get a 504 (usually much easier/quicker than getting an IEP).  [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. This is the right answer. Demand a 504 meeting in writing today because that starts the clock ticking. If they give you any pushback at all, tell them you’ll bring an education lawyer to the next meeting. I'd also just suggest getting a doctor's note, and going to the school administration to get his phone listed as a medical device to stop any teachers from taking it away.  Ye that's pretty much the case unfortunately. I advise arranging a meeting with whoever is in charge of altering his 504 ASAP. Gotcha. I have a Dexcom as well. It requires him to check his blood sugar each time he puts on a new sensor (every 7 days). And then also if/when the connection is lost. Odd that he had to go out and buy one if he is calibrating it regularly. That’s annoying that another parent is complaining about someone else’s kid but also sounds very high school. Has your son told administration that that is the only way he can check his blood sugar (even though it’s technically not they likely don’t know that)? He can show them the damn sensor if they really need to. Frustrating situation it sounds like. Sorry  He does calibrate it. Not often though. I for the most part have stayed out of his health ever since he got it. DexCom I think. He is very independent and smart. 35 on his act. He checks it when he feels bad and sometimes before class. I think a parent may have complained that “X uses his phone why cant my child”  Modify it to say “cgm and associated receiver devices including and not limited to smart phone containing transmitting information” Seems like a ridiculous policy. How often does he pull his phone out though? With CGMs it is such a quick check and no action on the phone is typically required. It is a matter of simply checking the phone and taking insulin as needed, no? I'm only familiar with the brand I use so I could be wrong. How did he not have a finger pricker/meter though? To calibrate the CGM you need to test your blood sugar. Once again... maybe the brand he is using is different. As for advice, I would suggest you be more persistent. Or tell your son to be more persistent. It doesn't seem like a huge legal to me. Just a matter of talking to the correct person We’ve tried being sweet. The superintendent is 76 and has hearing loss and the principal is his nephew. Constantly chewing dip. Its really disgusting. Absolute stereotypical souther drawl as well.  [removed] Would the words “Continuous Glucose Monitoring System” include his phone? It is part of that “System”  Yes, if it doesnt say anything about the phone, change it I guess we need to make his 504 extra clear for the stupids out there. Yes! He has that. He has unlimited bathroom breaks and all of that. However nowhere does it state about his phone. Would it be considered part of his “Continous Glucose Monitoring System”? The principal has said the in past, “Its your own fault for eating to much sugar” and told my wife “Well, why dont he quit eating sugar” Stupid people in Alabama I guess. What documents would it be in. I would love to see where it shows that. Would his phone be considered part of his “Continuous Glucose Monitoring System” that is in his 540. IANAL But I'm a sophomore with T1D I have a 504 plan that basically gives me immunity from the no phone rule, it also gives me an extra abcense and infinite bathroom breaks. If your son has a 504 plan then the other people on this subreddit should know where you should go next, if not, I'd look into getting your son a 504 plan I think you would have a very difficult time making a legal case against them. You undoubtedly signed some document saying you agreed with the school's procedures including phone confiscation, and you did not provide them with medical documentation saying he needed his phone. I am curious to learn if this is legal to take a students phone. Our school district is not helpful in the least bit.  Can your son's doctor can he fax the school the documentation showing that the phone is a part of your son's diabetes monitoring?  You told the school over the phone that it is used for diabetes monitoring and they wouldnt give it back? Your quickest route to him getting the phone back is not through legal means, but just from calling the school administration and explaining the problem. Most of the time people are helpful about this type of stuff. edit: IANAL. sorry, forgot to mention.