 I live in Texas and was at a school event when I saw students from another school heiling Hitler. I immediately took out my phone and started following them. The video itself is about 2 minutes and 30 seconds of me following them with the last thirty seconds consisting of them finally speaking to me. One of of kids heils at the camera (although it's not perfectly clear), another one says they, "... did a little Hitler joke." and another kid says, "We are admitting to everything." When confronted about the "joke". Can they take any legal action against me for posting the video? My theatre department already gave me a demerit (three demerits and I'm out of the National Thespian Society). Is my theatre department also allowed to punish me for that? From what I know the kids from the other school got away with it scot-free. That's the dilemma, I know my theatre department Other advice in the thread are correct for the most part, they can't "press charges" against you if the video you described is accurate, particularly if they were in the public. More concerning is your theater department's actions. I'm not familiar with "National Thespian Society", or how they work in relation to your high school, but a couple of careers ago, I was a theater professional, and I can tell you that nobody cares what you do in high school theater, or organizations related to high school theater. Even if they blackball you from NTS events, there are plenty of theater activity all over the country that have nothing to do with them. Frankly, given their behavior, I'd have nothing to do with that organization. If you want to do theater, plenty of community or college theaters are open audition things, and can provide you with a somewhat more professional experience than anything you'd do in high school. As an alumni Thespians member, I also recommend escalating this with NTS - both the behavior of the students and the teachers involved. It is an honor society and these students and faculty sponsors are not behaving appropriately or in a way befitting of the society. In the meanwhile you may want to take the video down and host it privately.  This is really helpful, thank you. In general, a private organization or individual cannot "press charges" against someone. (Somewhat unrelated, but the opposite of that is also true: if someone were to assault you for example, you can't tell the police you "don't want to press charges.") Whether to press charges is a decision of the prosecutor or district attorney. With that in mind, there's not much they could do, and nothing would really be likely to stick. For example: They could sue you for libel. This would not hold because you aren't spreading lies about someone: you have actual video evidence of something happening. That said, if you are sued, someone (a "process server") will physically come to your home or school, and formally tell you that you are being sued. If this happens, you do need to appear to defend yourself and probably have a lawyer. The chances of actually being sued are very low, but you need to take it seriously if that does happen. They could call the police and "press charges" but would probably get told that there's nothing to be done. They could have a lawyer write you a long-winded letter that basically says "take the video down." Note that such a letter may look very official or convincing, but you don't need to actually follow it. The only binding words that you would need to follow (aside from the law), are the orders of a judge, which would happen in a courtroom. I'd be interested to know what the National Thespian Society thinks of this. You've heard your school director's opinion, but look at it from the grand scale: do you think they want to be known for protecting people who are acting out Nazi stuff? Your local directors want to hush this up to cover their backsides, but I'm sure the national level would disagree: if they knew the full story, do you think they'd want to kick you out? As others have mentioned, the ACLU is an avenue you can take if you choose. Another route you can take, which is less of a "nuclear option," is to try to contact the Society at their administrative level. The website (I think this is the same society, but correct me if not), gives contacts for the Thespian Society [board of directors](), who may be very concerned to see what has happened at their event. Before going the legal route, I'd give an email to them: describe exactly what you saw (link the video if you can), and the actions taken against you by the local directors. At the end of the day, legal action or talking to the board of directors won't stop your director from giving you the stink-eye. Hopefully though it prevents such occurrences from taking place at future events. You may have to answer for yourself whether you really want to be part of such an organization, or to list it on your resume, if you've seen how it treats people who are trying to speak up.  Thank you, this means a lot Do your best, but don't force yourself to suffer too much for a hopeless cause. :) I'm trying to find out out anything happened to the kids, because a lot of people saw the video when I first posted it. That's a distinct possibility. Just because you fight for what's right doesn't mean you win. Sometimes you can do everything right and still lose. In this case, it's even more likely because the kids are from a different school. It's hard to force the administration of a different school to act. Maybe the best you can hope for is what you've already done: post it online and let the court of public opinion deal with them. I'm just worried that even if I do everything I can to get those kids what they deserve the school still won't do anything. I think that sounds like a very reasonable action on your end. It appears that they wanted to cover it up so that they didn't make themselves look bad. Now they're making themselves look worse. The question you've got to ask yourself is, what's more important now: your morality or your love of theater. You could press the school, make a huge stink, and force a bit of change. The consequences of that are that you will possibly lose any standing you have with your theater department. You might be less likely to get good parts, or not get good references, or maybe even blackballed in the future, as the world of theater is a small place. You could also leave it alone, and nothing more is likely to come of it. You will have a better reputation with your teachers, but it may leave you feeling like you've compromised your values. So, you have to make an adult decision. Which is more important: your morals or your passion. It's a difficult decision you'll likely have to make many times throughout your life, and it doesn't get any easier. There's no right or wrong answer here.  I showed them the video when I first took it and they said they'd take care of it, two weeks later nothing had been dome even though their director was aware of what had happened so so decided to post the video. In that case, best leave it alone. What do they mean by "pursuing" it? I think the reason the theatre department gave me a demerit was mainly because my directors were aware of the existence of the video and had told me to stop pursuing this. I also believe demerits are very much symbolic and that there's no specific reasons as to why you'd give a student a demerit so directors just give them to students as they see fit. I do think it was partly to protect me from the other theatre department, that way my director can tell their director that I bad been punished for posting the video and they could drop it. Requisite IANAL, but in Tinker v Demoines, the Supreme Court said students do not "shed their constitutional rights to freedom of speech or expression at the schoolhouse gate." Your recording their behavior is not disruptive. The theater department is on pretty shaky ground by giving you a demerit. It is even worse for them if there is no specific rule saying you can't record things. At that point, they are punishing you for making the theater department look bad, and that's unacceptable. There is nothing you can be prosecuted for. That's just a scare tactic their using to try to scare you into silence. It can work to your benefit, though. It gives you a very valid reason to contact a lawyer, who will be glad to make them regret punishing you. As someone else has said, talk with your principle first. If, as I mentioned, there is no rule against recording things, mention that, and tell the principle that from your perspective, it looks like they are just trying to punish you for pointing out other student's unacceptable behavior. If the principle backs up the theater department, end the meeting and tell them that since you have been threatened with legal action, you will be retaining a lawyer, and they will be in contact with the school. Watch how fast their tune changes. You have to be ready to do just that if they call your bluff, though I would contact the ACLU in that case and get their take on it. Your post may be considered a form of protected political speech they can't punish you for, but this seems like a gray area. I don't know all that much about this facet of constitutional law, but the ACLU will be able to give you some valid perspective.  Thank you Thank you Speak to your principal. That's a much easier place to start than any legal approach.  Look up those two organizations’ websites, and see if they have a place where you can file a complaint or ask them for help.  There are no charges to press, and even if there were your theatre director wouldn't be doing it. You're allowed to film people in a public setting. Whether or not you can be punished for filming students at a school outing by your school is an entirely separate matter. This is something your parents should be escalating with both the school and the National Thespian Society.  It wasn't related to the performance. Let me explain. The event consists of theatre departments all over Texas staying at this hotel connected to an event center, all we do is take workshops there. It's a three day event, you are free to go to whichever workshops you want and you don't have to be with your school the whole time. This was a group of three kids just walking around during their off time. Was it related to the performance? Something is clearly missing.  It was not This was not part of a performance, and I didn't even know the kids. I didn't even mention the school's name when I posted the video (but people found out considering they were wearing their letterman jackets). But what they were doing was not a part of any scene or performance right?  Was this part of a performance that you are using out of context to cast the students in an unfair light?  The school event was the Texas Thespian Convention, a theatre event I don't really understand how the theater is involved in this. It definitely wasn't a part of a show or scene right? Typically schools have a very wide latitude to punish students. You're not breaking laws by posting it, so you don't need to worry about that but they may be able to suspend or even expell you for it.  No, I'm a high school student and barely know about all this. Have you contacted the ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union) or ADL (Anti Defamation League) for assistance? 