 I suspected my landlord being a roommate was sketch and caught him admitting he went through my chat logs before he evicted me, as reason to the eviction. He said he didn't like what he found in my private conversation with a mutual friend when he found my phone lying on the table and went through the convo. He found the recording and wants to press charges. What's weird is how the recording in question has him admitting to going through a private convo, thus why he evicted me. The recording was done in the living room of the house we both live in. Who's in the wrong here? What can I do? Locked because OP can't stay civil. Aight bro. At least I have a good understanding on concepts of legality and my responsibility. kThanksBye.  Lol. Your mom.  shut up I never called you an idiot. You’re inference was all on you buddy.  Calling me an idiot twice for not understanding your post when asked, then saying how getting fed up with you HAS to “correlate” to my post history is just fucking retarded Dont know what kept you from just explaining it like this before. Why do you even respond with crap posts like that and wonder why I have an attitude? I was showing correlation. You said you find something that is illegal weird for reasons That don’t matter. I was pointing out a different scenario where I find something weird but that is still illegal. There is no correlation to what you find weird as to the legality of something. In the end you did something illegal. Regardless of your feelings about it, it was illegal regardless of if someone else also committed an illegal act. That you lack the capacity to see how that is related, while also lacking the capacity to see how what you find weird has no bearing on what is legal, says a lot. I’m not going to engage you further because I honestly don’t think you have the capacity to understand based off of this thread and your post history. Good day sir.  You went from talking about being charged with a crime to charging money. You went out of context, then were an ass when I asked you to simply explain. next time just say charge 'money', instead of half-assing the context and then being a full ass about it when I don't get how "sex charges" relate to anything in this thread. Notice to Quit. He was being legal about it. I moved out before the date.   How was that sufficient to evict you? Did he just tell you to leave, or legally evict you?  He didnt like the private convo he snooped in on. No mention of what he read. What did he use as the basis for the eviction? Prostitution. I’m referring to prostitution. Obviously you don’t get things.   This statement makes zero sense. If someone is consenting, why charge them? Very illegal in Illinois. What LL did was questionable, but in attempting to prove it, you would literally be confessing to a crime. Sounds like a bad roommate situation, move on. He’s saying just because something seems like it should be legal doesn’t mean it is.  I’m not surprised.  I don’t understand your comment about sex Regardless of how it seems, it’s illegal. I think it’s weird people can’t charge other consenting adults to have sex with them in most states, but it’s still illegal.  Seems weird to not to be allowed to record in my own house a conversation about him breaking my privacy and such I do. I’m unsure how he gained access. He states “it was left open” which still would have to have him access the app, the person And their the logs It may be illegal, but that’s not relevant to your original question. If Illinois is a 2 party consent state, what you did was illegal. If what your landlord did was also not legal, it doesn’t negate what you did. It just means you both did something illegal. Also, why don’t you have some kind of password protection on your phone? It’s 2018.  Whats your definition of eavesdropping compared to wiretapping? I can't find any law saying that it is. I'm not versed enough to know 100% on that one  Was what he did illegal? That is completely incorrect.  I'm informed that I'm allowed to record in my own home. Its irrelevant. You have no proof without the illegal recording.  Him going through my chat logs was not? Illinois is a two party consent state. What you did is very illegal.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.