 My parents are separated and newly divorced, but they've been living separate for about three years now. I'm 17 years old and I live with my dad. My younger brother, 14 years old, is supposed to live with us too but recently decided to stay at our moms place for an unknown amount of time. My mother is has borderline, clinical depression and narcissistic personality disorder in waves (some months she's a little less crazy) and very unfit to raise and take care of him. My brother and I go to the same school but have very different schedules so I don't see him often, but today we took the same bus together and he told me that our mother never leaves her sofa and only ever sleeps or cooks and is borderline abusive to him. Then he told me that she threatened to stab herself to death if he left her. My dad and I have been wondering for some time now why my brother spends so much time around my clearly mentally ill mother but now I know why. She did this in the past to keep me around her but I eventually left her and broke of nearly all contact to get away from her abuse. My dad tried to sue her for custody but it was decided that both parents should keep the custody and that the evidence against my mother wasn't enough to take him away from her. On top of that, my dad is afraid that if he forces my brother away from her that he wouldn't forgive my dad and that it could destroy their relationship. But seeing my poor little bro almost cry in the bus because of how conflicted he is nearly pushed me over the edge. I really need to know if there's something I can do to assure that this witch doesn't hurt him anymore. I know I'm still under age but maybe if I get some good advice I could convince my dad to try again with suing her again. Please help me if you can. What does the custody order say? Why did your little brother go to live with your mother? Was it a temporary thing, if so, for how long does it last? If the custody order states that you are both supposed to be with your father then your brother needs to come home. He doesn't get to choose. If she won't release him or his belongings then call the police to enforce the custody order. If there is no custody order your father needs to get one established. Location is definitely important in something like this. You should first off try contacting CPS, and tell them things she's saying, and what your brother has said. Edit: You don't need to be an adult to call.