 Forgive me for formatting, I'm on mobile. nbsp; My husband's parents have used his identity and taken out credit cards in his name. nbsp; His credit is 13 years old, he is 25. He's never been in possession of these cards, but was aware of one that they took out when he was under the age of 18, they claimed they were using it to help him build credit. nbsp; Now, they have made another account with a different bank that he was not aware of. We've only recently discovered this because they've been using this card to fund a vacation, where they exceeded 32% of the limit of the card, and he took a hit to his credit score. They have accumulated nearly $15,000 in debt between both cards. nbsp; We know we need to contact the credit bureaus, or file a police report, but our concern is that since we've never been in possession of these cards, we're afraid we won't have any evidence to file said report. How do we gain this evidence? nbsp; His credit also souly relies on the existence of these cards, we don't want them to disappear. Will filing a report cancel the cards and destroy his credit? Is there possibility of refinancing the debt once/if the cards are gone? nbsp; As previously stated, we're a young couple and really have no idea what to do. We really appreciate any advice anyone can give. Get a free credit report and make sure there aren't more than the 2 cards. It's possible they've been doing this more than the 2 times you know about. His parents will face criminal charges for identity theft but without the police reports, your husband will be responsible for the debt. Also, don't worry about it erasing the credit. Get a small limit credit card and start making small purchases and paying it off on time. You want good credit, not credit that is 32% over the limit, late, and debt that you didn't create. NAL. Good luck. This is rather an either or choice. Your husband can choose to either accept these debts as his own, or he can reject them, contact the issuing banks, dispute the accounts with the Consumer Reporting Agencies and file a police report. Since he isn't in control of these accounts, the first option is problematic: you'll never know when his parents are going to spend money on the accounts. The second option ultimately means that these cards need to be removed from his credit history which may damage his credit score at least in the short term. Really the only intermediate path is to accept that he's going to have to pay these debts (or coerce his parents into paying them) and attempt to gain control of the accounts. This shouldn't be that difficult since they are in his name and any security questions are likely to use his information - his social security number etc. Cancel the existing cards, put a security password on the accounts, and get new cards issued, then don't give them to his parents.  Make sure that you FREEZE HIS CREDIT with all three credit bureaus so they can't open any more cards. Great point. We were literally just talking about this. We just want to have a good course of action before we actually go making claims Make sure the cards are actually in his name and not just that they added him as an authorized user. Both would be on his credit report.  First get his free credit reports to make sure you know about all of the accounts. You have a choice: report your parents for identity theft, and have the cards removed from his credit completely (and yes, if they are the entirety of his credit history, it will damage his credit). The other alternative is to accept the debt as your own, because that's what it will become. Reading your post, it sounds like he's been aware of them using his credit for 7 years? He may have a hard time convincing the bank that the debt isn't his since he's allowed it to go on this long. Yes filing a report and talking to the credit companies will remove them from you credit history. Also your parents may face criminal liability.  Flag the reports on his credit, and obviously contact the agencies as you mentioned. It's also a good idea to obtain another credit card, charge small amounts to it and always pay on time. 