 Last night I received a package and left a medium sized cardboard box in our interior garbage room to be broken down and thrown out by the super. There are no rules in the garbage room mind you for how we should dispose of boxes and I constantly see boxes left there without issue. I woke up this morning to a $75 ticket from the department of sanitation for finding the box with my name on it on the corner near my building. So it seems the super just took my box and threw out on the curb without even using a box cutter. The super is extremely lazy regardless but this is ridiculous. So my question comes, who is at fault? I plan to go and fight the summons in person but I would like to know if there are any laws (at least for Manhattan) on whether building management or tenants are responsible for breaking down boxes left inside an interior garbage room. Thanks!  You still should tip the super. Every building that I lived in that had live in supers I always tipped around Christmas time. That always got be quick service when something broke. There is no doorman, just a super who's lived here forever. There is no one to tip. Because OP lives in an expensive midtown apartment, and things they should get special treatment. But, OP isn't liked by the Super since they are in a rent control apartment paying a small percentage of the rent that others are. That and I have a feeling OP doesn't tip well. I'll ask the question - what does your lease say? The tenant should break down the box. I have no idea why you think the super would do this for you.  Dude, why are you making the super's life more troublesome? There are a multiple tenants in your building that all make and dispose of trash. There's one super. Why not be responsible for your own trash and break it down properly so one guy doesn't have to take on the task of having to go above and beyond to clean up after everyone that lives there. Yeah, he was lazy, but you were lazy first.  Unhelpful, but thank you for wasting your own time on commenting! Do it your damn self.