 Jumping right in...does anyone know the limitations to what a tow truck driver can charge for a service (in this case, a battery jump)? I’ve already looked into filing a report through the DMV’s Bureau of Automotive Repair, but it doesn’t make it clear that individual tow truck companies can be held liable, just repair shops. I was charged $249 for a battery jump when I mistakenly and hastily called what I thought was AAA (taking full responsibility for that mistake). The driver that came was incredibly unprofessional, did not provide me a quote for the service, and refused to cease operation once I realized he was not a AAA driver. I thought about calling my bank as well as my insurance company to reverse the charge ($249 for a battery jump?!? !!!), but mostly I want this business to be reported. As an aside, is there a way to search for a business through Squarespace? (The method they used for payment). The “business” I’m lodging a complaint about is not searchable via Google (where I originally stumbled upon them) even with its “official” LLC title. Both my boyfriend and coworker have called the number with no luck. I found one with a similar name on the BBB’s website but it is not the one in question. I am in California, btw. Any advice would be helpful. Gracias!!  [removed] Exactly what do you think they did that was illegal? They can charge whatever price they want and you are free to agree or disagree to pay their rate. If you called the wrong company, that was your fault, not theirs.  If they’re an LLC you might be able to get a street address from the CA division of corporations. But yes, companies are allowed to set their own prices.  Not legal advice, just general advice, you may consider looking into buying (I don't remember exactly what they are called but basically) a battery jumper. They are basically mobile batteries that hold just enough power for one or two jumps and take up maybe the space of two standard car batteries. Make sure you top off the charge occasionally, but it'll save you the time of waiting for AAA and the risk of being charged insane prices. 