 So the subreddit is "legal advice" which I know almost always means "help with a conflict," but in my case is more of a "I just want to avoid ticking off the feds," thing. I hope it's ok for the sub. My friend and I started a thing a couple years ago. We pooled our funds and bought a bunch of supplies and then drove around the city looking for homeless people to hand it out to. My friend also will take things like socks and whatnot when she goes running to hand to anyone homeless who seems like they could use 'em. We've been mostly doing it super low-key, but as a couple friends know about it and passed the idea around, we've had more and more friends and acquaintances ask if they could pitch in. So we've been taking cash donations and occasionally some item donations to bring with us when we do our rounds. Now, thus far the amounts have been relatively small. I think at most we've received a few hundred dollars in donations before one round. And we've personally spent maybe $2k of our own cash total. The question is: is there an advantage to going official and registering as a for-real charity? Is there any legal jeopardy for not doing so? I briefly looked it up and it's $300+ just to file the paperwork, money which I'd feel much better spending on supplies. Meeting spaces to accommodate the board we don’t need. Well, sounds like we’re better off without IIRC it's $750 for all the paperwork annually. You would need to form a board and write bylaws. Board members would have fiduciary responsibilities to the organization. It's a lot of work, I've been helping a few friends start a new 501(c)(3), and even with dedication it's a big commitment. The advantage is that donations to said 501(c)(3) would be tax deductible and it's also advantageous to have a 501(c))(3) for liability purposes. Being a 501c3 gives you access to a lot of free resources in the Boston area, including meeting spaces (e.g. the capital one conference room in Harvard square). That's kind of my take as well. It seems like a 501c3 is more of a negative unless we decide to make it our day jobs. NAL, but the only thing I can think of that'll tick off the feds is if you're claiming all this as a charitable deduction on your tax returns. As it is, you're just a group of individuals giving money and personal supplies to other individuals with no real expectations of anything. So, while what you are doing is noble, it doesn't qualify as deductible activity per the IRS. I'm also not seeing, nor do I recall hearing, Boston/Mass. having legislation to restrict what you're doing either. For you and your friends to get the deduction, the money and supplies need to be donated to qualified organization, so you'd want to set up a 501c3 of some sort (public charity vs private foundation) depending on your long term goals. But, formally organizing could open yourself up to liability should something happen to one of your volunteers while doing the rounds and giving hand-outs, so it would be worth speaking with an attorney to draw up a charter, volunteer waivers of liability, and other documents, as well as speaking with someone to obtain appropriate insurance coverage.