  A few weeks ago, I had my last session with my therapist. I talked to her about my smoking problem a lot and always made sure to tell her to keep the information private and to never tell my parents (I’m a minor). My therapist always preached about Doctor Patient Confidentiality, and said she could only tell my parents things relating to plans for suicide, plans for homicide, or an addiction that is life threatening. The day I came in for my last session my therapist was in a particularly pissed off. This seemed to contribute to her telling my mom about my smoking problem. I’m not going to go into detail about that part. Anyways, she completely violated what she swore never to break and told my parents everything. She also said she administered a drug test for me to take, and said the results came positive. The problem is, no such thing ever occurred. I guess My question is, if any, is there any legal action that can be taken against my therapist?  Are you under 18? If so, then this is almost certainly legal. You may not like it, and it is an ethical gray area, but it’s not a HIPAA violation. You don’t say what profession your therapist is, but here’s info about psychologists, showing the factors that go into making decisions to tell parents things: If you are 18, then feel free to report the therapist. The lying part may be reportable no matter how old you are.  [Here]() is the link to the CT Board that regulates the licenses for LPCs and therapists. The instructions to file a complaint are listed there. So I’m not from CT but What are their credentials? I would report them to that board as well. Confidentiality limits what they can tell your mother. However, CT [laws]() state that after six sessions the provider has to speak to a parent to continue with some limitations to that. This also depends on what you mean by smoking. Update: forgot about the drug test. You should file a report here that she lied about the drug test however if the therapist feels the usage of marijuana is making your issues worse than she unfortunately can report it as you may be “causing harm to yourself or others.” I wouldn’t report this if I was your therapist but it’s all dependent on the individual here unfortunately. Connecticut. Sorry about that.  What state is this? I want to better help you and provide you with the resources but I need your location. And if you tell us what state you live in, we can guide you to the right place to do this. Your first step is to convince you parents that your therapist is lying about the drug test. (regardless if have done any or not, don't tell us if you did, don't trap yourself.) Each state has different laws regarding confidentiality but you may want to look into making a HIPAA complaint.  File a report with your medical board 17.  How old are you? 