 This morning I received a summons for a car accident I was in three years ago. I rear-ended a woman in October 2015. It was bad, but more so for me. My car was totaled and her's needed to go the shop. Injury-wise, she seemed fine. She even walked over to my car to make sure my girlfriend was all right. I asked the officer on the scene if she was all right, and he said her back was hurting, but it was from a pre-existing condition. We worked everything out through our insurance, and I assumed I could put it all behind me. Anyway, fast forward to now, I get something that filed five days shy of the three year mark saying that she suffered all these injuries and had to get foot surgery all as a result of the accident. I don't understand why it took her three years or how she hurt her foot. I'll probably have to wait until Monday to hear back from my insurance agent, but in the meantime, does anyone have any advice for me? Should I be worried? Does she have a case? NAL, but something similar happened to me. Basically an old man backed into me as I was pulled out, he tried to say it was me, and his passanger tried claiming physical and emotional damage 3 years later. I lived in a different state, had a different insurance carrier, and the old company called me and told me they will represent me. I did an online video call with a lawyer , my lawyer and their lawyer. Because there was no witness or cameras at the time, they declared it my fault. I was 18 when it happened and they were both older and decorated. However, they did not grant them any money for damages. I believe they wanted 15k. I really didn't have to do anything throughout the whole process besides draw a picture of the parking lot and explain my side. I was told I would have to pay the deductible if they were paid out. This was all in AZ. Hope it helps though. Thank you, this puts my mind at ease. Before I start, I don't study law, but ask yourself these questions, and talk to a lawyer for professional help. Did the paramedics discover any real injuries? And does the victim have suggestive evidence these injuries were from this accident? And if her medical records don't match with the time of the accident, and if witnesses (preferably medical professionals) are able to confirm the accident didn't contribute to her injury, she could be the one in trouble. She's gotta have proof these injuries were a direct cause of the accident, and not some type of fraud. If she doesn't have suggestive evidence, your lawyer/attorney should be able to gather a witness and record from the accident defending your case. Considering she claims multiple injuries and required surgery, first responders would've recorded these injuries at the scene. Injuries requiring surgery are usually the first thing that's noticed, especially in the foot, she wouldn't be able to walk if she broke/tore something. Even in shock, she wouldn't make it very far before the adrenaline goes down. Just let your insurance company handle it and don't sweat it. There is no way to know if she has a valid claim or not. It isn't uncommon for car accident injuries to show up after the fact or be more costly than anticipated. It also isn't uncommon for people to take a last second stab at some easy insurance money. In either case, your insurance company will take care of it, and they are experts at handling both types of situations. 