 A neighbor is raising a stink because he was asked to move his RV which had been parked in the street for nearly a month (City ordinance is 24 hours). Since he had to move his to a parking facility he is now complaining about my trailer (and others') which are parked in driveways and side of house. The association President sent me the Restrictive Covenants (side-note: document is not signed nor notorized) My trailer does not fall under the covenant: RECREATIONAL VEHICLES: No recreational vehicle, as defined by the Lincoln Municipal Code, shall be parked or stored upon any lot within the Properties, except within an enclosed structure. Recreational vehicles may be temporarily parked or stored upon a lot for a period of time not to exceed 14 days per year. Upon researching the city code regarding RV's the following blurb in the Restrictive Covenants led me to search for it on the the Secretary of State website. It is listed as Inactive with the last document being Nonpayment of Taxes from 2001. (redacted name) Association (Corporation) has been or will be incorporated for the purposes of enforcing the Restrictive Covenants established upon the Properties and of administering and maintaining the Commons. They still "exist", as they announce annual meetings, which are usually cancelled and I know 2 members. I think there are 3-4 members and a few vacancies. But do they really have any authority? Could they issue a fine or place a lien on my property? Do they even have the right to collect dues? I want to keep the peace, but on principle don't want to let a whiny neighbor get his way. I am actually winterizing my trailer this week and will store elsewhere as I've done each of the 7 years I've been at the current residence, so it won't be a problem again until next Summer. TLDR: The association (corporation) is listed as Inactive on state website. Do they still have the authority to enforce covenants/fines/liens? Thanks, My trailer does not fit the examples given in this description. Per Lincoln municipal code: Recreational Vehicle Recreational vehicle shall mean a vehicular unit not exceeding forty feet in overall length, eight feet in width, or twelve feet in overall height, primarily designed as temporary living quarters for recreational camping or travel use having either its own motive power or designed to be mounted on or drawn by a motorized vehicle. Recreational vehicle includes motor home, truck camper, travel trailer, camping trailer, and fifth wheel. This definition shall include a boat mounted on a trailer, together not exceeding forty feet in body length, eight feet in width, or twelve feet in overall height.   : The association (corporation) is listed as Inactive on state website. Do they still have the authority to enforce covenants/fines/liens? Can't say for sure because you omitted your state. But generally, a corporation can't conduct any business except winding down after a certain time has elapsed since automatic dissolution, e.g., for failing to maintain its status with the state. However, it's often laughably easy for a dissolved corporation to obtain reinstatement - so IMHO you're barking up the wrong tree. I suggest you focus on the merits of the matter, such as whether your trailer meets the definition of "recreational vehicle".