 My mom is and recently she's been gaining more attention. She has started posting her images online. She always suspected that someone would eventually copy and paste her images and reprint them for sale or for use on their own website etc. However, this one came out of left field and not even I know what the answer is. A woman walked into an art gallery my mom regularly displays work at carrying a piece that lookes identical to my mom's. The gallery owner asked about the piece and the owner said she bought it for $80 dollars at an art fair down the street. Apparently what this woman does is trace every detail of existing orignal art and paints over it, almost in a color by number fashion. Same color scheme, same figure, same everything, except for the fine detail which I would attribute to her not being a good artist. I have attatched a gallery of the two images, the original and the reproduction. So what is this considered? Is this transformative? This image my mother created is considered copyrighted. On the back of the painting she wrote "inspired by Pinterest art". This is far from inspired right? We know the woman's name, we know the association that gives her the vending space at the art walk. I guess I just want to know what kind of arguement we have before we move forward to avoid sounding stupid in case this woman actually knows some legal defenses that she's hiding behind. My mom is not the only artist that's being stolen from by this woman http://imgur.com/gallery/XW4tzHb Fair use can be a gray area; but from your description, this does not sound like a fair use. Two important considerations for fair use are (a) how much you have transformed the work so that it no longer resembles the original, and (b) have you used the copied portions of the original work in ways that give them new meanings not present in the original. Intent also matters; if your goal is just to sell near-copies of someone else's work, that's not great for a fair use argument. For example, a tiny miniature copy of the Wall Street bull statue might not be fair use, because they are both sculptural, have a similar appearance except for size, and don't obviously convey a different meaning or message. But a photograph of a homeless person taking a crap on the Wall Street bull would be a different medium (photo v. sculpture), would incorporate visual elements not present in the original, and would arguably convey a very different message about capitalism than the original. Your description sounds much more like the first scenario than the second scenario.  That's pretty clearly an unlicensed derivative work. Is it worth your mother's time to hire an attorney to chase this down? The original is so much better.