 An auto glass company came to my house to replace my windshield. I just thought it was interesting so I took a photo, which happened to show the back of the repairman's hooded sweatshirt and a little bit of his hand. He hid his face in his hoody and walked away, telling me not to film him or take his picture. The intensity of his reaction raised red flags for me, and I said so. He was emphatic that he could not be photographed, it was illegal and I did NOT have his permission, which prompted me to wonder aloud - perhaps inappropriately - why he was acting so defensively, whether he was doing something illegal and, if so, what. Obviously he didn't respond well to that, I reacted badly to his reaction, and I ended up asking him to leave without finishing the job. I feel a lot of guilt and mixed emotion about it, but I'll save that for another forum. When I followed up with the company they told me that it's illegal for me to take their picture. They have a policy against it. Now, in a way this is completely beside the point, but perhaps because it's one of the few pieces of this that I can look at completely objectively.... Are they right? We were on my private property, his back only happened to be in the foreground of the shot, and my vague, unstudied understanding was that citizen journalism laws lie on the side of the photographer. I hadn't signed anything agreeing to a policy about photography. Is it legitimate for them to say it's illegal to photograph him?  Yeah, no kidding. :-/ I think I just got defensive because I hadn't intended to do anything wrong. His reaction confused me, especially once I explained that it was just the back of his sweatshirt in the photo. Honestly, when I try to put myself in his shoes I still can't relate to it. But because I didn't understand it, I felt like there was something fishy going on. This news story flashed through my mind about a limo crash that killed 15 people, and the guy who'd customized the limo had done so in defiance of safety regulations, with a suspended professional license. But even if this guy was installing my windshield without a license or something, that probably doesn't put my safety is at risk. I just wish I'd stopped and thought it through. If I'd taken a breath and thought about it, I probably wouldn't have been concerned or felt the need to say anything. I didn't sign a paper. I called them and requested the appointment over the phone. They emailed me a sales order. (I just read it and it makes no mention of the policy.) Then they came out and did the work.  - perhaps inappropriately - whether he was doing something illegal and, if so, what. But that was just asking for trouble. Some people prefer to stay private, and while not legally protected, it would be nice to ask for their permission before taking a picture. Antagonizing them was not necessary. 't respond well to that, I reacted badly to his reaction, and I ended up asking him to leave without finishing the job. And this is why antagonizing people is a bad idea. 's illegal for me to take their picture. False. 't signed anything agreeing to a policy about photography. Maybe you did, maybe you did not. Many people sign forms without actually reading every word - you may want to read the copy of the form again to see what you signed on. You do have a copy of the paper you signed, right? Is it invasive rude and weird to snap photos of people without asking them? Of course. That doesn't make it illegal. It not being illegal doesn't make his reaction suspicious. Legal to photograph him. Totally legal for him to refuse service in response to you photographing him.  In all jurisdictions in the U.S., that I am aware of, assuming he was replacing your windshield in a place that is in public view, it would be legal for ANYONE to take his picture, even some random guy walking down the street. It is legal for you to take pictures of people who are on your property. If it's against their policy, then they have the right to refuse to do business with you if you photograph them. They can also tell you that it's illegal in order to attempt to avoid an argument over the situation.  Perfectly legal to photograph him in this situation. Company policy is not law. They're welcome to tell you it's illegal. That doesn't make it illegal, though. They may refuse you as a customer if they don't like you photographing their employees. Your situation has nothing to do with "citizen journalism laws." This is all assuming you're somewhere in the USA.