 Hello, I don't want to go into too many details, but when I came to Canada 5 years ago I was suffering from a handful of mental issues and I didn't adapt well to the culture shock. As a result, I did some stupid things and got charged with heavy crimes. Some of those crimes can carry a maximum sentence of up to ten years. Indictable offences. I also had a few minor charges on top of those. In total, I went to jail 3 times over the course of 3 years. I pled guilty each time, but none of my sentences exceeded 6 months. Anyways, I got help for my drug and mental issues, cleaned my act up, and finished my probation last year. There is only one problem though: Citizenship. I'm so scared to do anything because no deportation orders have been issued against me. But they should have. I fit into the criteria to be deported immediately. I'm afraid to renew my PR status (I'm a PR) and i'm afraid of getting my documents ready for a citizenship application. Does the fact that I wasn't served with a deporation order mean i'm safe from being flagged/deported if I attempt to renew or apply for citizenship? Also, since I spent a lot of my time in Canada on probation, I still don't meet the time in Canada requirements for citizenship, which is three years. When that time comes, roughly next year, will I get citizenship if i'm eligible, or is there a chance i'm going to get immediately deported? Please keep in mind I know the law, and i'm asking about due process and belated deportation orders as I already meet the requirements: If I don't get into any more trouble (and I won't), and apply when my time requirement is filled next year, I would technically not have any problems that the list up there states. So would they grant me the citizenship then or should I not reach out at all lest they throw me out of the country? A little advice would be appreciated, as I understand I did wrong and have spent half a decade trying to put my past behind me. Also, without go into details, i'd like to add that none of my charges are crimes against humanity, parliament, national security, sexual crimes, drug related offences, anything to do with firearms or death or serious trauma inflicted on another human being. This is important. I'm in Ontario. I can't afford an immigration lawyer and any assistance would help me sleep easier at night.