 A couple of nights ago I was driving with a few friends in my car. I stopped to get gas, and while I was out of the car apparently a friend of a friend in the back seat rolled down his window, but it stopped moving when he tried to roll it back up. Instead of letting me know and asking me if this was something that had happened before, he decided to try to grab the window and force it up, which in turn likely broke the motor when the original issue was probably simply a dusty sensor, an issue I've had in my car before. Now my window is completely non-functional, and I had to spend $130 to have it closed since it had fallen into the door. A motor replacement would cost above $500, not including labor costs. I'm not really sure what to do, since I don't have the money to invest in any more repairs right now and don't have any conclusive proof that it was his actions that broke the motor. He admits that he tried to force the window up, but argues that it was my car window randomly breaking and not his actions that caused the damage. I don't have a way to find out exactly what caused the initial issue or the motor breaking, since that would require the service center opening up the door, where they may or may not find evidence of the cause of the issue, which I can't exactly afford. I'm not sure what exactly I would need to prove to make him pay for the repairs, or if I have any sort of time frame I have to act in. What should be my next step? \[NY State\] I can’t comprehend why it would cost $500 unless the actual window itself had broken, window motors are very cheap and can be DIY’d quite easily. There are probably a couple good videos on YouTube that can help you repair it. $500 for a window motor replacement before labor is absurd. NAL but Get it fixed, have mechanic write up the damage and whether it occurred from normal wear and tear. Also ask mechanic to take pictures of his findings. It sounds like the window was off track. They use an adhesive to keep the windows on a mount. It takes a good amount of force to pull it out of the mount. Sue the friend for the bill. I think you’re outta luck. If he was apologetic then maybe you could ask him to pay half, but it doesn’t sound likely since he’s a friend of a friend. 