 This is in Connecticut. We live right next to a blighted property. From what we have known about the place is that it was purchased a number of years ago to be converted into commercial property. But the problem the new owner faced is that in order for them to rebuild and change the property they would have to blast. The previous owners of our home and other surrounding neighbors all agreed that they shouldn’t blast due to potential property damage. Anyways we had thought that the property was completely abandoned and that nobody visited it as we were told both by the sellers and neighbors. Not even a year passed did we have to start calling the police due to random cars parking in the drive way. It was turning into a known drug dealing spot as several people got arrested in a sting. Then graffiti started appearing at the house. We contacted the local council and they located the owner. They cited him for multiple infractions and things started getting cleaned up. That was 6 months ago. Nothing has been on the property since. But we have had to call the cops several more times because kids are starting to walk across our property to hang out at this house. I wish we could contact the owner but they’re not listed nor will the town give us the information. There’s no physical address on the house. The only way we found out what the address is is because town let slip the actual address. If you google it, the address doesn’t exist. Beyond putting up game cameras and constantly contacting both the town and the police, what can we do to force some one to either destroy the standing structures or to put the property up for sale so that someone else or we can acquire it and strip it down? It’s become a huge safety concern since who knows what state the structure is in since it isn’t completely boarded up and young kids are going there to check it out.  Check with the county. The auditor's website should have a search engine that allows you to enter the address of the property and it will tell you who owns it. Like I said in my above comment that is how you find out who the owner is. My county's auditor's website has this ability. If yours doesn't do a search for property ownership records in "county" and it will tell you where to go, since property ownership is a matter of public record. Beyond making them an offer, what can I do knowing who the owner is? It seems the local township has been in contact with them but not much else.  Check with your county auditor's site. Property ownership records are public. Generally all you need is the address and it will tell you who owns it. The county should know who the owner is and have it listed. If the town isn't helping see if the county will.