 I've worked at a grocery store part time on and off throughout my high school and college years. I want to work there for a third time this winter break. I now have a doctor's letter stating I have a disability and I need two accommodations to work: one being my shifts are limited to 5 hours each and two being I need to be able to sit. I gave this to my employer and today she told me she can't do that. She said "if i let you sit id have to let all the rest of the front end sit." Is that legal? This is a cashier job. I can perform all necessary duties of the job while seated. The ADA help line is currently closed but I do plan on calling them.  Well, you don't have the same mind set as an employer. Many employers will say that it looks lazy and unprofessional to have a bunch of waitresses and hostesses and cashiers sitting around who only stand up when a guest walks up to them. You want the employees to be visible and watching the store and to make eye contact with and smile at and engage with the customers when they enter the store and when they are approaching the employee. You don't want the guest to feel like he or she is disturbing the employees and making them stand up. The employer would say that the expectation that cashiers and waitresses stand up during their shifts is not unethical or cruel and that anyone who doesn't want to stand up that much can look for a different job that isn't in customer service.  's letter. This, of course, is my point. The doc's opinion is relevant and, in OP's circumstances, the only evidence on the issue of OP's condition and abilities. So if the content of the letter is sufficient, the employer cannot disregard it simply because the doctor is not a judge or other legal decisionmaker. Aaaaaand what? That somehow excuses the poor ethics of not allowing employees to sit when there is no specific part of their job that physically requires them to be standing right that moment? In response to both of you - it has been stated in this discussion that I do meet the criteria for disability as outlined by the ADA. The discussion shouldnt be about whether that's legitimate or not. I understand why my employer is hesitant thanks to your input, yes, but my claim is legitimate, so please keep the advice centered on that.  We would read the case law. We would read the doctor's letter. The HR department might ask for more info from the doctor, it's always better to kick back doctor's letters and give the employee an ADA form like this one to take to the doctor with a job description and ask the doctor to fill it out: If the doctor says "Employee can't perform job tasks A, B, C, D, E, G, H, K ,L,M, etc." then the employer might say "Sorry, we can't reasonably accommodate that" If the doctor says "Employee can do absolutely everything except job task Q" then the employer might say "Sorry, you don't appear to be substantially limited in any major life activities." I used to defend casinos and we'd get a lot of doctor's notes saying "Employee cocktail server shouldn't wear heels during her shift." Well, if your doctor certifies that you can walk for eight hours carrying a twenty pound tray of drinks, but it hurts to do it in heels, you're probably not disabled. We'd also get "Employee is allergic to cigarette smoke and can't work around smoke." Well, that may not be a disability unless the employee has a substantial breathing limitation. There are lots of grey areas, but generally the employee has to hit the "sweet spot" of being sufficiently impaired that they meet the ADA definition of disability but not so impaired that they can't perform the essential functions of the job.   Let's drill down into that for a minute. What information would the lawyers use to make that determination? Because whether a condition is an ADA disability is a legal determination, not a medical one. The company should consult with its lawyers and make a decision about whether this is a disability and whether the request can reasonable be accommodated, and then be prepared to defend that in court, if necessary. Many customer service jobs require people to stand in place for several hours. On the spectrum of difficult, physically demanding jobs, I'd put coal miners, hotel housekeepers, and construction workers much higher.  No, the company should make the determination about whether to accommodate or not, and if they refuse, and they're wrong, there are negative legal consequences, like having to pay attorneys' fees and legal judgments and entering into consent decrees with the EEOC.  't make the final determination, judges do. Then you kinda are saying they need to get a ruling to legally have a disability and get a reasonable accommodation for it. I still don't get why sitting is so verboten for cashiers. You're standing IN PLACE for hours on end. Making the cashiers stand up the whole shift is just being mean for the fuckin' sake of it. A judge doesn't make a determination until someone asks them to do it, and a judicial determination is not required to substantiate a request for an accommodation. Your comments consistently suggest that a doctor's opinion is meaningless. Why is that? Got it. I have answers to those questions. In terms of speed, I was one of their fastest 😂 I'd be able to bag. I'd even be satisfied with standing during all transactions and sitting when I don't have a customer if they were really that anal about it.  No, what I'm saying is that Congress enacted the ADA, and there's a legal definition for a disability under the ADA. Doctors, who are advocates for their patients, don't make the final determination, judges do.  OK. Your immediate manager isn't on the ball and hasn't told you the reasons why they want/"need" cashiers to stand. Ultimately, the company will/should tell you the reasons. They will say that standing is more professional and more engaging to the customers, that cashiers can bag faster if standing compared to sitting/getting up, and that you chair is going to get in the way of other employees in the extremely tight space behind the cash register, and if you need a chair it makes it harder to move you around as needed from register to register. That's what your boss should have said, instead of "No f-cking way, if you sit, they'll all want to sit!" If I were the company's lawyer, I would stress that bagging groceries is an essential, large part of your job. You're not just a cashier. You're a cashier/bagger. And you can't bag groceries if you're sitting. I would also argue that the grocery industry is obsessed with speed and keeping lines short, that employees and stores are evaluated on speed, and that you can't do your job to the expected speed if you're getting in and out of a chair to bag the groceries. You could then counter that argument by pointing out that 75 year old Shirley still works there and hasn't been fired for slowness and you'd be way faster than her even when getting in and out of your chair. You need to be able to address questions like "What happens to your chair when an employee takes over your register or breaks you? Where does the chair go?" They can't just push/roll it a few feet away like behind the counter at a bank or office. Do you carry the chair away every time you go to or from the register or change registers? That's the sort of stuff the employer will push back on. Yeah, i was wondering that but gave them the benefit of the doubt. I do see that I didn't state I have a disability in my original post. I do. Handicap placard and all, lol. In another comment I confirmed i have EDS and it is disabling in my case.  My impression was that he jumped to the conclusion that your doc rubber-stamped a frivolous request of yours. There isn't any provided reason why they want cashiers to stand. We do not have baggers unless it's slow and another cashier comes over to help us; all the bagging is done immediately to the left of the scanner. My doctor also included my diagnosis in the letter (not required, but she did). I have Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome. It's just frustrating. If this continues to be denied, I can't work there again.  I think they just said it to explain why my employer would be hesitant to fulfill the accommodations. Some people do 'cheat' the system.  Okay, if you have a permanent, progressive musculoskeletal condition then that's probably going to be a disability. That's a legal determination, based on your symptoms and restrictions, and the doctor declaring it to be a disability under ADA means little. Many doctors will write anything their patients ask them to write. Why do they want cashiers to stand? Are you required to bag groceries if there is no bagger? Will your chair get in the way and be cumbersome if you are moved to other lanes and other employees are moved into your check in lane? If they say "go to lane 7" do you then have to carry a chair there? My guess is this has been litigated before in the supermarket setting and that you're not the first cashier to ask for a sitting accommodation. You should probably do some google research on that. You seem to have a plausible/legitimate claim here, whether it's ultimately a winning claim, I don't know.   't mean that you actually have a disability as defined by the ADA. I don't understand why you said this. Are you suggesting that OP has to get a ruling from the EEOC before the employer must accommodate him? In the letter it is stated that I have a disability under the ADA. I totally get you and understand why she would be hesitant. If it continues to be denied, though, it would be harmful for me to work without the accommodation. I have a permanent, progressive musculoskeletal condition.  Keep in mind that the fact that your doctor signs a letter saying you have a disability doesn't mean that you actually have a disability as defined by the ADA. I've seen people bring in doctor's notes for relatively minor or temporary conditions like plantar fasciitis, sprained ankles, etc. and claim that these are "disabilities" that should excuse them from standing or walking at work. Sitting down on a front line job is the sort of accommodation that becomes "contagious" for an employer. If they let you sit, then there's a good chance other employees will bring in notes from their doctors saying that they have to sit. Is this a good reason for them to deny your request? No. But this is what your employer's concern is and why they are likely to resist this. The EEOC is likely to be sympathetic to you if you contact them and might investigate this on your behalf and put pressure on this employer.  Right. Im going to see if I can talk to her supervisor. It's a local store and I know most of the people in the management chain. I'll update this post as needed.  I am just saying in the eyes of a court or the EEOC, the sitting is actually more reasonable than the shifts. But glad you are able to get that as well. I would ask how it is an undue burden and bring it to HR's attention. I am very confident the EEOC and a court would find sitting in this case reasonable. 5 hours is a typical shift for cashiers at this store, usually for minors (legal requirement in the state). She offered to give me 4-hour shifts (the same thing I did over this past summer) but stated she could not let me sit.  Sitting as a cashier is a reasonable accommodation. Limiting your shift to 5 hours is unlikely reasonable. You should speak to your manager that they do not have to allow everyone to have the same accommodation because everyone is not disabled. I would go back to your manager or if you have some sort of HR rep and reiterated that you need that accommodation. After that contact the EEOC for an ADA violation.