 I'm home for Thanksgiving (Illinois) and went out drinking with some old high school friends. Ran into someone I never got along with, and as me and my friends were leaving for another bar, he started to confront me. Basically, kept walking into my space and trying to pick a fight, threatening to hit me. It looked like it was going to get violent, and in my drunken state I thought a good idea would be to start hitting myself in the head, rather than try to fight him. It worked because he was so confused he just called me some names and left. But now he's texting me saying that what I did was assault and he's going to report it to the police. Do I have anything to be worried about? Yes, you now need a lawyer, lest they charge you.  Lmao. If he pursues it, and has no visible injuries, he is not going to come out of it well. They may charge him. But since he went to the cops, you need a lawyer right now. They will advise you of what to do. Yes, that's correct in Illinois where OP is. Not all states are like that in NY, for example, there is no Battery statute, everything is just under the Assult statute. Specifically in Illinois: . Isn't battery when you are actually hit, and assault is being scared of getting attacked? Doesn’t matter. He can say you wailed on him for an hour. If he doesn’t show any markings the police can’t/do anything. As an aside, your actions seem very odd. You may be happy go lucky and that guy is just a prick, but you should probably go talk to someone. I am not a lawyer. I would do the following. Stop talking to him, save his texts. Get in contact with anyone who was a witness or might have CCTV evidence. If police contact you talk to a lawyer but not the police. Don't do anything else that makes you look crazy. He’s saying that I hit him first and he had to fight back in self defense. He has reported it to the police.  You need to lock down witnesses right now. Talk to anyone you know who may have seen this, including any staff at the bar (I assume this was at a bar). You will need a lawyer if he did call the police, but I would not assume this until the cops show up to question you. DO NOT TALK TO THE POLICE WITHOUT A LAWYER IF YOU THINK YOU ARE BEING INVESTIGATED FOR A CRIME, PERIOD. A lawyer can help you phrase this to focus on the details that sound a little more believable. It'll be worth the expense to not have a felony conviction (and hopefully not even the charge) on your record. If you can't afford one get a credit card and ask your lawyer about financing options like a set amount per month to pay after a certain up front fee. He believes you will call the police and say that he assaulted you. Without any other evidence, that story is way more believable than the one where you beat yourself up. So he went to the cops first. If you talk to the police, let them know what happened, you can probably press charges for him making threats. You're not going to catch a charge yourself. Wait is he saying he beat you up but in self defense? Well I’m not a lawyer but I think it’s safe to say you might need a lawyer.  If you didn’t hit him it’s not assault. However, hitting yourself, even if you were drunk might be grounds to have you involuntarily committed for a psychological evaluation. Call the place and ask for CCTV footage He’s reported to the police that I hit him first.  No... you hit yourself.  No.