 Hello, r/legaladvice. I'm posting here on behalf of a friend who lives in West Virginia. A few months ago, her mother and herself moved from her childhood home into an apartment. Her mother is still the owner of the house. They kept some sentimental valuables there and other household goods while they lived in the apartment. Her house has been destroyed by squatters who sprang on the house as soon as it became vacant. They have stolen so many things, taken things inside like clothes, torn apart furniture, even going as far as to rip apart the floors and walls and pulling out wires, presumably to scrap. In one incident, someone inside the house overdosed on drugs and DIED in the house. Law enforcement and paramedics entered the house a removed the body, but never notified them that it had occurred. They found out from a neighbor. So many disgusting this have happened to the house, including leaving bottles of urine on the outside of the house. They have contacted law enforcement several times and absolutely nothing has been done. It once took two phone calls and two hours for any police to show up. Parts of the house have become inaccessible due to walls and floors being torn apart. They don't have any homeowner's insurance and are hesitant to contact a lawyer because of financial hardships. Does anybody have any advice on the steps they can take to retake their property? What can they do to save their home?  At the time of posting, the post was a couple of hours with only one reply that wasn't particularly helpful, so it was reaching the point where the chances of getting a decent reply were low Even with the benefit of more attention, the advice OP receives will be essentially the same: by not carrying insurance on their property, homeowner has screwed themselves; by not regularly checking on their empty house, owner may have given squatters a path to claim tenancy; in any case, evicting occupants will be a lengthy and expensive process; and occupants are almost certainly destitute and therefore judgement-proof, so any additional effort aimed at collecting damages will surely be a waste of owner's time, and merely an exercise in throwing good money after bad, Thanks for the explanation. :D Yes, because the police will wait until a court decides whether they are squatters or tenants before helping OP evict them from the premises. As frustrating as this sounds, it's for the protection of people from unscrupulous landlords. Imagine you were a tenant who was renting a place, and paid in cash every month without getting a receipt so you have no proof of tenancy other than the items in your house. That would leave you open to a landlord claiming you're a squatter too. And since the police don't want to be party to kicking out people who may legitimately live there, they'll defer to the courts to sort it all out.  The home is probably beyond saving at this point. After the winter passes, it definitely will be destroyed. Your mother might be better off demolishing it. I don't think eviction would work because it's probably not the same couple folks sleeping there, partying there, doing drugs there. So it'll be nearly impossible to get them all kicked out and to make sure they stay out. You can talk to a real estate attorney but I'm afraid they'll tell you and you're pretty much SOL.  Do they need an eviction if this is not a rental situation/no money has changed hands/there is no lease? Wouldn't these people just be trespassing? There are few laws that compel police to actually do anything in particular as part of their jobs -- they are well within their rights to stand by all squatters destroy the house. You can always choose to hire a private security firm to protect it. (And by "always" I mean never, unless you are rich enough to have money to burn.) Failing that, you could try to get the "security firm" that your community employs (funded by tax dollars) to take action. If calling the police directly is not gotten you anywhere, try calling your local politicians. They are the ones who pay for that police force, and many of them are responsive to voter complaints. They would probably be damned either way. Most homeowners' policies have clauses that prohibit the property from being vacant for an extended period of time, so the insurance probably wouldn't have paid out anyway. There are policies that will cover vacant properties, but they are much more expensive. Many insurers won't touch a vacant property at all. At this point, they need to file for an eviction. This will likely not be quick, nor easy. And any damages done to the house will likely have to be paid by your friend, because the squatters are more than likely judgement proof. Unfortunately, not having insurance is going to cost then in the long run.  Delete this post, repost it mentioning the drug OD in the title of the post, this will bring more attention to this post and you'll get more advice  't have any homeowner's insurance Then the house is unrecoverably damaged without massive out of pocket expenses. Not having homeowner's insurance was an extremely boneheaded move and it's fucked your friend over financially, since there's no way these people have any money to sue for. The only thing they can do is move to evict since the police will not trespass the squatters.