 I live in Mississippi and am facing a felony "wax" possession charge. The cops have been extremely nice to me and "let me off easy" as they said. I don't want to offend these guys by lawyering up if they're trying to help me, but I'm not sure if I can trust them with my life on the line like this. Per OP: 't need one. After reading these comments I shit you not I've already called my lawyer office and am waiting on a call back to get a consult. Thank you guys so much for the responses. It truly means a lot that you guys are here and happy to help with things like this. Post is locked.  [removed] Gonna say the same as others. Get a lawyer. The police are not trying to help you. Do not talk to them without a lawyer. A felony conviction can screw up your life real bad. [removed] Lawyer up immediately. Do not sign a Miranda waiver, do not agree to voluntarily talk to them (if it's voluntary they don't need to give you Miranda warnings). If they bring you in for questioning the only sentence you should say is that you are invoking your right to an attorney and your right to remain silent. Full stop. The buddy-cop act is to make you feel at ease and that they are on your side. They are trained to make you feel that way so it's easier to bend you over a barrel. Abso-fucking-lutely. The police aren't looking out for your interests.  First of all, if you've been charged then this is totally out of the hands of the police. Their opinion of you is near irrelevant. The DA is the person to be concerned with. Get a lawyer that is local to your county/parish/whatever. Preferably one with experience as a prosecutor or someone in their practice was a prosecutor. Charges like these can typically be plead down/alternative punishments but without a lawyer, you will be Cuba in Cuba V. The Dream Team. Get a lawyer, you are up against a professional lawyer and no public defender is going to do the work necessary to get you off of/no real consequences for a felony drug charge. A private lawyer will do that.  The police are not trying to help you. They are attempting to convict you of a felony. You have a right to an attorney, and you getting an attorney cannot be used against you, nor can the police being "offended" by you getting an attorney. They are purposefully, and deceptively being nice to you, and making you think you can trust them in order to gather more evidence against you and get you to make statements to convict you of a crime. You DESPERATELY need an attorney. Do not answer any more questions, or accept any invitations from the police to speak to them without an attorney. Get a lawyer. It’s your life. Not the cops life’s. I can assure you they aren’t your buddies. They are simply doing their job. As you should and get a lawyer  If the question is, do I need an attorney, 99% of the time, the answer is yes.  You are facing a felony charge, yes you need a lawyer. Don’t worry about offending the cops, they don’t give a shit about you. They are not trying to help you, they are lying to you to get a confession. Have you not seen a single episode of law and order?