 Missouri. My son, Abner, and a classmate, Bernard, have attended three different schools together, by coincidence. Three years ago, at a private school, Bernard shoved Abner against a fence and punched him. This followed a semester of verbal taunts and teasing (Abner is physically disabled and in the gifted program at school). The school informed us of the incident, but were tight lipped about how things were handled going forward. A year and a half later, they were in the same class at a local public school (Bernard moved into our district). Bernard tackled Abner in class. Administration was unaware of prior history and determined Bernard was just trying to be friendly in a misguided way. They now attend the same middle school. It is a public middle school and they only have a record of the most recent incident. The first school is refusing to release information, citing FERPA. Is it true that federal law prevents the first school from sharing information with the school both boys now attend? Bernard and Abner have the same lunch and there continue to be issues.  What u/s-dubya said is true. Schools are often reluctant to share information with schools in other districts due to FERPA. The concern is if personnel in the other school don't adequately protect the information, the first school might have some exposure to legal liability. I recommend your focus be on your son. Schedule a meeting with the school and politely but firmly state your concerns. Don't mention anything about punishments or other actions taken against the other boy. But ensure the school knows they are on notice that you will elevate the situation (to the District Superintendent or Governing Board) should the bullying/aggression continue. From what I’ve read, sharing disciplinary information is pretty routine when students transfer schools. This is from the national center for education statistics: ; as part of the education records, disciplinary records would therefore be included in the transfer. However, the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001, reauthorizing the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA), requires that states provide an assurance to the Secretary of Education that the state "has a procedure in place to facilitate the transfer of disciplinary records, with respect to a suspension or expulsion, by local education agencies to any private or public elementary school or secondary school for any student who is enrolled or seeks, intends, or is instructed to enroll, on a full- or part-time basis, in the school. And this is from the US Department of Education: 's prohibition against non-consensual disclosure of personally identifiable information from education records, some of which are briefly mentioned below. Under certain conditions (specified in the FERPA regulations), a school may non-consensually disclose personally identifiable information from education records: ... to any third party the final results of a disciplinary proceeding related to a crime of violence or non-forcible sex offense if the student who is the alleged perpetrator is found to have violated the school's rules or policies. The disclosure of the final results only includes: the name of the alleged perpetrator, the violation committed, and any sanction imposed against the alleged perpetrator. The disclosure must not include the name of any other student, including a victim or witness, without the written consent of that other student. Based on my reading it looks like the school is at least able so share information with the middle school, unless I’m misunderstanding the text.  Even if the private school was able to share info, they aren't required to. And your current school may not be able by policy to consider disciplinary records generated at a private school.