 Posting for my friend who does not have Reddit. Two years ago she found a horse farm that was more closer to her home. so she moved two of her three horses there. Within 10 months she moved her last horse to the new barn. In September she moved him back to his old barn to give a proper 30 days notice. When she didn't have the money to get a u-haul to pick up the rest of her stuff which included round pen panels, stall mats, water trough and a draft horse cart she told the barn owner that she could use them until she returned to pick them up. 2 years later she called and texted the barn owner that she was planning to come down to collect her belongings only to be told that she abandoned them so now they belong to the barn owner. The problem is she did not have a signed boarding contract. The barn owner states that she left the barn over two years ago and the property is considered abandoned. My friend says that anything over 1000.00 they have to hold on to it for 3 years. In the two years since my friend left her items the only time she contacted the barn owner was to inquire about a neighbor who was on the news more than a year ago. I don't believe my friend is entitled to her items back, given the amount of time that lapsed, failing to have a signed contract and not reaching out about the left behind property. Is it worth her pursuing this in small claims court? Assuming the abandoned property your friend left would be considered left at a rented place: Planned moves: If a tenant moves out at the end of a lease and returns the key, or after giving you proper notice to end a month-to-month tenancy, Massachusetts law does not say what landlords must do with any property left behind. If the items are clearly garbage, such as old wine bottles or newspapers, you can throw them out. For other belongings, the common sense approach is to contact the tenant and try to return the property, especially if you believe the tenant accidentally left something of value, such as jewelry. Evictions: Massachusetts law sets out specific rules for dealing with a tenant’s property after winning an eviction lawsuit. To learn about these procedures, see Handling a Tenant’s Property in Massachusetts: After an Eviction. Unannounced departures: If you believe a tenant has abandoned a rental unit, many lawyers recommend that you wait until rent is past due, then file an eviction lawsuit. After you have a court order giving you back the rental unit, you can dispose of the tenant’s belongings without worrying about legal liability, following the rules for evictions. I would say after two years, your friend would have a hard time saying the property still belongs to them. Storage isn't free. 