 Reached out to corporate about concerns I have about my company. They can’t help me because they don’t associate directly with each franchise. The one person who responded, also forwarded my email directly to my boss. BOSS called me unprofessional and is angry with me. I reached back to her to set up an in person meeting to discuss. Through text, my boss has already asked me to bring all my company items. I’m sensing she is ready to fire me on the spot tomorrow. I don’t know how to move forward. I feel like I’m being pushed around and have no help from where I thought could help me. I live paycheck to paycheck. I have no other job waiting for me. I have been keeping in contact with the previous manager and she is on my side of things. She resigned because she has also been treated unfairly. She had also sent a complaint to the state about not getting the proper paid vacation from the company, but hasn’t heard anything back yet. I’m really scared and I wish my boss would be understanding about changing the way things are being run. (If be happy to provide more info in the comments if this is not enough I really don’t know what to do). The following is what I sent to corporate in email (it’s long): Dear Mr. ABCD I would like to take a moment to introduce myself. I am XXX XXX, Role Model Manager of COMPANY NAME TOWN in MA. I’ve been hired into the company as a sitter in January 2018, and then promoted to Manager end of October. From the very beginning, I was working closely and showing my commitment for the company with my manager at the time, XXX XXX, and owner BOSS NAME. BOSS had reached out to me in May considering having me working as an Administrative Assistant for the office, but I haven’t officially started anything pertaining to that position until the start of October. Initially, I was training for Administrative Assistant starting October 9, 2018. I was being trained in scheduling, follow-ups calls, and to work on side projects to enhance the work efficiency of our office. On Oct 20th, I was offered the Managerial position due to the former resigning. I then only had until Nov 8 to get trained for everything else to become manager. In this email, I would like to address some concerns about my position and the small business I work for. Forewarning, the email is a great length. I hope you take the time to read it all, and I greatly appreciate you doing so. I was recommended by XXX that I could get in contact with you about my concerns, and BOSS has also mentioned before that she reports to you. My concerns mainly are the lack of structure in my office company. The following are a few times where I felt that the structure and boundaries originally created from the contract/initial hire as manager were not followed: - It was orally discussed when checking the terms of the contract, and BOSS and I agreed that I start at 9am every shift and work up to 40 hours a week. BOSS has failed to meet her end on this agreement and contacts me at 7am to immediately jump into work. This is from a real text message from her: “Hi, I need you to do buca! XXX is available. Please call BH and put her on the full day TOWN job. I am driving my kids to school call and text XXX thx” sent Oct. 28 Wednesday morning as I was asleep. She had confirmed to me before that she will take it upon herself to work from 6am to 9am, and then move onto meetings/other tasks when I start. Nowhere did she mention that she will be dropping off her kids and expecting me to do the work earlier in the morning. - My next concern is the lack of training. I had asked about more training, and both BOSS and XXX agreed that being sent to corporate for an official training wasn’t “worth it”. Before this job, I had very minimal experience in any managerial position through a theatre company. Our work here is very different compared to a student-run theatre company. I only had 8 half days of training with XXX before she officially took her leave. XXX has given BOSS 3 weeks’ notice, but BOSS hired me halfway of that time. And on top of that, I was still booked as a full-time sitter. They removed me from a lot of care assignments, but I was still having to babysit during my training days. - That leads me into my next point, we are short-staffed. It results into me still doing care assignments for SISTER COMPANY and Private COMPANY families. We recently hired a recruiting manager and can get new hires now. But I cannot do my work and get a full day of managing our team, if I am inaccessible to my sitters when I am babysitting myself. During those days, BOSS takes over. - Next, when I ask for help on a task that I haven’t been trained enough for, she sends me back phrases like “Really! Can you go thru the notes XXX gave you? I need to get some stuff done” and “It does not matter what they think- you are always professional!” BOSS was supposed to be training with me before XXX left because it was stated by BOSS that she didn’t know how XXX did her job. So that leaves us two admin positions not knowing the proper processes of various important tasks. - My last biggest point is about my employee benefits. It was stated in the contract (Section IV, sub A) that I am “entitled to two weeks paid vacation”. I had already sent my notice in writing on Nov 4th, 2018 that I will be taking a one week vacation from Dec 19 to Dec 26 and will resume work on the 27th. Recently she sent me the exact following: “Hi XXX, we can discuss next week, but I want to be sure you know that the week you take off in December is not going to be 5 days of paid vacation. I think you probably assumed that. I can give you one day paid. I am hoping to hire a role model manager by the time you leave for your vacation! Thx” I do not consent or agree to this. It is in the contract that I give notice 30+ days in advance, and that as an employee of the company, am due my paid vacation during my time as an employee for COMPANY TOWN. It also states in the Massachusetts Wage Law Advisory 99/1 that: “Vacation Payments Are Wages. Employers who choose to provide paid vacation to their employees must treat those payments like any other wages under M.G.L. c. 149, s. 148. See Massachusetts v. Morash, 490 U.S. 107 (1989). Like wages, the vacation time promised to an employee is compensation for services which vests as the employee’s services are rendered. Upon separation from employment, employees must be compensated by their employers for vacation time earned “under an oral or written agreement.” M.G.L. c. 149, s. 148. Withholding vacation payments is the equivalent of withholding wages and, as such, is illegal.” To specify, BOSS and I agreed that I will be temporarily “filling in” as manager while she looked for another Role Model Manager. The time that it was going to take was not established and so it is assumed that I will remain working as a full-time Role Model Manager for any length. We agreed a week after the initial contract was signed that I was not suited for the work and wish to work under a different department for the company, but I will remain completing my duties as Role Model Manager until another one comes in. The contract was not altered, nor did we agree on changing the terms. They remain the same. Then she sent me that text message on 12/1/2018 at 4:09pm stating she is removing my paid vacation. She’s only stating that she might find a manager, not that she already has one and they will start when I leave for my claimed vacation time. Thank you again for taking the time to read my concerns, I am reaching out to you in hopes that this can reach the right person who is able to help advise me or help our company improve. Also, if I am not sending this to the right personnel, I’d appreciate it if you could refer me to the right person. I do not in any way wish to leave this company and I still strive to do my best for this company. I believe that I am only being demoted from my current managerial position to place my skills and abilities in a position where I can best offer more and help our company succeed. I also wish to not be taken advantage of as an employee, so therefore I am seeking help to figure out in what ways I am protected and what I can do to be treated fairly. Sincerely, XXX XXX Role Model Manager COMPANY | TOWN NUMBER Connect with us on WEBSITE! {This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual(s) to whom they are addressed. Disclosing, copying, distributing, or acting in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited.} (End of email)i  [removed] The tone and manner of this particular reaching out comes accross as immature and wildly unrealistic, therefore unprofessional.  And they can revoke it.  This is my first time going through all of this and I’m learning as I go. I know my naivety created some mistakes, but I didn’t mean to come to anyone in a harmful way. I was only asking for help. (There is no one else to turn to). Now I just feel trapped and really don’t know how to move forward. But I’ve always had a strong will to be a part of this company and always do more. I guess the boss and I don’t work well together.  Thank you for your response. You’re right, I’m experiencing this the hard way. I’m in my 20s. And this company actually doesn’t have an HR, that’s why I emailed corporate for help. I had no one to turn to. [deleted] [deleted] A request is just that, request. You aren't guaranteed it. They can say no.  I would absolutely expect to get fired tomorrow, you were petty and unprofessional. I would fire you immediately upon learning you thought this was the appropriate way to handle this situation. Your judgement is way off here. Nothing done by anyone was illegal. Look for a new job, and be prepared to fight for unemployment.  The paid time off is not on a “use it or lose it” policy. It states “You shall be entitled to two weeks paid vacation. Requests for paid vacation leave must be submitted, in writing, to COMPANY at least 30 calendar days prior to the beginning date so that COMPANY can arrange for coverage of your duties during your vacation.” There’s only another sentence about single days as vacation, but other than that, nothing else written in the contract about vacation.  Thank you for the information. I wish it didn’t end up like this. I just wanted a better work environment. I thought my boss and I were on good terms, but lately it’s been getting a little out of hand from what we first agreed, and it’s been really hard to talk to her about anything serious. I knew it was going to end up with my boss, but I was not expecting a straightforward no to asking for help. I guess I really do come from a different business environment. I’ve only ever worked in the entertainment/arts business. I’ve never experienced all of this.  Bona fide employment contracts are incredibly rare in the United States, including most lower or middle management positions. Most people are employed "at will" by default The hours, staffing, and training issues are not actionable if you are at will. The vacation time might be, but they can legally set conditions on when you can use PTO. The reasonableness of those restrictions depends on whether you've got a "use it or lose it" policy and stuff like that The recipient at corporate did not act illegally either Unless they signed an NDA, I don't see why the recipient would not be allowed to share this with your boss. You don't get to decide unilaterally. Moreover, it seems obvious that this e-mail would end up at your boss, how else could you discuss the issues you raise? You're in an at-will state, so you can be fired for any non-discriminatory reason. Your boss would be allowed to fire you for sending the e-mail, or even without giving a reason at all. You should apply for unemployment when you are.