 Hey everyone, About 8 months ago I went out for my cousins 21st, one thing led to another and I received a summary charge for public drunkenness. I was assured it was not a big deal and once the fine was paid I should be good so I paid it and haven’t thought about it since. However, I just applied for a job walking dogs to earn extra money and was denied the job due to my summary offense. I have been reading that you cannot be declined a job strictly because of a summary offense, idk if that’s true though. My question is am I going to have a hard time finding jobs now because of a summary offense? Is this going to hurt my record and will I be unemployable ? I’m a recent college grad and I am looking for careers, do I am beginning to worry that I won’t be able to find one because of this offense. I’m very confused, can anyone help? Thanks! No, you just got unlucky. Employers care about somethhing that is going to directly impact your job (fraud/theft typically) or something that will show how you do your job and work with others (fraud/theft/violence/drugs). SOME employers will absolutly not hire anyone with any convictions, period. Those are usually like the job you applied for. They have a wide pool to chose from because it requires little skill. When you apply for more skilled jobs, they will care more about you being honest. Yes, if it comes down to you and one other person with a totally clean record, they will choose them. But again, public drunkeness barely consodered above a speeding ticket. It is a “nuisence” charge. Meaning you didn’t hurt anyone, didn’t do any damage, just being annoying. Seriously, be honest, because again, you can be the greatest candidate in the world....and even be working for YEARS in a job and they can absolutly fire you if they find out you lied on your application. It most states, it would even make you ineligible for unemployment. The economy is in so much better shape now. Look around. You will absolutly find another job. Probably better pay too. Oh man, good to know! Yeah I would figure everyone makes mistakes mentality would apply, everyone I know has a little something. So I assume as long as I am upfront and honest with it I should be alright, I guess only one way to find out! Thanks again :) Yeah absolutely. People mess up! Always take maximum responsibility and, if asked about later, talk about steps you're taking to prevent it from happening again. Always worth mentioning your compliance with the courts. You probably won't be excluded from a lot of jobs for something like a summary offense, but you WILL be fired if HR finds out you're lying about a background check. So just answer yes to conviction and explain the conviction (that it isn’t a felony, etc?) that seems pretty straightforward. It’s not something I would lie about anyway, so I’m the future check the box yes and then just give them an explanation? Thanks! So you think if I’m upfront and honest about it it should bode well? My plan is to head them off at the pass and explain to them that it’s a PD. You don’t believe that will hinder my future applications though for the most part? I just didn’t see this as some huge deal so I guess the first position I applied for since declining me is a red flag. ThNks! First, you are NOT unemployable. As you apply for more jobs, you will see potential employers ask about prior convictions. (Pleading guilty is a conviction.) MOST employers will not care about a summary offense. They WILL ask you about it. You definetly need to tell the truth because anyone can fire you for lying on a job application or in the interviews. However, the employers will be concerned about theft or fraud. A lot will also care about any offenses with violence, but really they are mostly looking at theft and fraud. A lot of employers won’t even ask about summary offenses, only felonies. It just depends on the employer. This company sounds like they get a ton of applicants so take the easiest, most efficient way of narrowing the field down. That will not always be the case. Public drunkeness ranks about last on thier list of things to care about. But, if you lie about it, that they will care about, so if the question comes up, answer truthfully. It just so happened with this potential employer, they never asked the question. You'll have to read through the specific application guidelines for whatever job you're looking at. Depending on the state/the job, you will be prompted to disclose that information (typically you'll check a conviction box and it will ask for details etc.). As a general rule of thumb, if they don't ask, you don't have to tell them, but it will definitely still show up on any competent background check.  I plead guilty, the application and background check was all online (for the app “wag” kind of like Uber for dog walking) so no I was unable to tell them. However for future in person interviews I would preface the background check by informing them, is that wise? Did you plead guilty and disclose the offense to your employer during application?