 Long story short my brother (21) has a kid (3) with a girl (18) in georgia. My brother, as well as all my family, live in florida. My brother only gets his kid during thanksgiving week and every year the kid comes down infested with lice. The kid is not growing up in a proper environment. I know if i offer the mother some money she would sign the custody over to him, but i question the legality of this.  The state where the child is resident, and has been resident for the last six months, has jurisdiction. If the child lives primarily with mom in Georgia, look for an attorney there instead. If you need assistance finding a lawyer, contact Florida's bar association and see if they offer referrals. We all live in florida, so I need to see a judge hear. I'll set up a meeting with a lawyer when I get off. Thank you!  If there's no court-ordered custody agreement, he needs to stop letting his kid go to the mother's house if he's always returning with lice. You can pay her to change that agreement, but she can turn around and go to court to get a court-ordered agreement and a judge may not care that you paid her. He needs to file for a family court hearing wherever he's a resident of (Georgia by the sounds of it). Take that money you would use to pay her and hire a good lawyer instead. Once the mother is served, it becomes her problem with her getting-to-court difficulties. No he does not. It's been a big mess since the kid was born with the mother fleeing to California for a year. So it's been difficult to get her to court Mediation is not the same as going to court. Does he have a court-ordered custody agreement? Thank you for the advice.  I appreciate the advice. I will speak with him and set up mediation when I return home.  Your brother should go back to court about the mother's housing conditions if every time the kid is coming back with lice. The brother should document this and petition the court that it isn't in the child's best interest to be in that environment if it is causing health issues. Paying money for the adoption of a child may be prohibited by your location, but there are better solutions than that. Can they come to an agreement about changing custody? Yes. Can it include money. Yes. 