 A few weeks back, I was in an accident that totaled my car. I was placed in a rental last week, but the agreement requests that I return the car today. I haven't received any settlement information, nor have I heard any word from their adjuster, so I'll clearly need the car a bit longer. After speaking with the rental company's operator, she claimed I should keep the car as long as I need. But she didn't specify who would be footing the bill. If the insurance company set a limit and I've hit it, and I still have a need for the car due to the lack of a settlement... Am I going to be the one paying for the extended period, or will their insurance be picking it up? Thanks! if they have not deemed your vehicle a total loss than you should be be fine staying in the rental. They were actually sent out yesterday to do the evaluation. (I mentioned it was totaled, but that's by my definition, I'm sorry. I just know with how mangled the car was, that's going to be the outcome). So, I haven't received any information about the evaluation, nor have I gotten any settlement information. And my adjuster still is not picking up the phone or responding to my email. They placed the end of the agreement for today because that's when they were supposed to gather a value and the settlement info... but I'm stuck here with no information, or direction of what to do. Not sure why they expect me to return the car before they even come up with a value for mine. Fuck.... Who deemed the vehicle a total loss, your insurance company or the other parties? Either answer you still have to abide by their terms regarding rental cars. I am a former adjuster and the insurance company I worked for allotted a party a whole week of rental time after the vehicle was declared a total loss, but I know some insurance companies require you to return the rental the same day the vehicle is deemed a total loss. You need to speak with your adjuster.  I've contacted them via email asking this question since they aren't responding to my phone calls, but given how unreliable and unprofessional they've been so far, I doubt to receive an answer back by the end of the day. I've been bled dry from out-of-pocket expenses from them taking so long to even put me in a rental, so I can't really afford to keep the car if I'm forced to pay for it. I'll keep trying to contact them, because I can't afford to be fucked over any more. This is insanely frustrating.. I think it would be prudent to make a call to your claims adjuster and ask them this. I’m not an expert but I would imagine they would subrogate the extra charges against the other insurance company. 