 I’m planning a painting project that include copying copyrighted portrait photography of famous musicians. I intend to use the resulting paintings as gifts, not for retail sale. Is it correct that copyright restrictions would not apply to artwork not intended for sale? On a related note, I’ve recently discovered an artist that routinely uses a similar MO to what I’m describing, except his work is for sale. He uses photos and still frame’s from films of celebrities as reference for oil paintings. I’m curious how he can liberally use these images, which are quite realistic and clearly derivative, unless he has permission. [His website.](www.vincentxeus.com) You know you want that Scarface painting! I hope your Reddit Secret Santa is reading this thread. Ahh like the teacher on South Park! Emmmkay! =mmk Mmk. You’re wrong. I can do a painting of the original Ghostbusters blasting that ghost in the hotel ballroom and sell it anywhere I please as long as I don’t paint the ghostbusters logo or claim any rights besides that of my own work. Also even if you’re somehow right, which you’re not, no one cares. Especially if this is just for friends and stuff. Amazon doesn’t seem to Al Pacino SCARFACE Painting Poster Artwork on CANVAS ART Print (16x24 inches) =cm_sw_r_cp_api_Au1bCb931SNY1 Those are definitely copyright violations unless they are very loosely based on the references and very significantly changed. The media used doesn’t affect it. I’m more concerned with the ethical aspect of it than worried about someone coming after me. It’s related. I think it most likely he has permission but I’m curious if I’m missing something about his use of the images. For example, perhaps his work is considered to be altering the image far enough to not be considered derivative. You are saying copying a photo but not selling it puts it in a grey area? Grey because it’s not for profit or gray for other reasons? The fact somebody else is doing it is not really relevant to whether it's legal or not. It's a gray area if you are infringing a copyright or not. I think once you paint it, that’s your interpretation and your art, not a lawyer. But if you go to any tourist trap like Times Square or Venice beach you can buy a painting or drawing of Marilyn Monroe or Pacino as Scarface and no one seems to care. I think as long as it’s all new paint (as opposed to mixed media, like a collage, but even then..) you’re cool. It’s your art as inspired by a famous photo, you’re not reprinting the photo.