 This Black Friday, I was going to work when I was pulled over. I was going 74 on the interstate and he gave me a ticket. He told me he put me down for going 64 in a 55, to make it easier on me. Ten minutes later, I was pulled over again going 78 in a 55. He told me he was putting me down for going 60 to make it easier on me, once again. Obviously the second ticket was just me being a dumbass. I figured it was a fluke that I got caught because I’ve been driving this route for three years now and have never had issues, but it was Black Friday so there were probably more cops in the area I was in. Either way, I want to know if there is any chance I can get these tickets off my driving record. I heard you can take driving school online to get them off, but I’ve also heard you have to go to court for the charge. What’s the truth, and what’s the best way to keep my driving record clean? (P.S., I know the best way to keep my record clean here on out... drive slower. After the second ticket, that was very, very clear to me and I’m making it a habit to slow down. I just want to do what I can to do damage control from what’s happened.) Two tickets in 10 minutes? And you were already given a huge break by the officer? From 19 down to 9 and from 23 down to 5? ($140 in costs versus $420 in costs)... ... if this information appears in front of a judge, there is risk of being this week's example of how not to stretch the court's discretion too far. A strategy with less downside risk might be to admit the 5 MPH ticket since it is both the lesser charge and the greater risk, and then try to plead down the 9 MPH ticket.  If you have a court date, you should go to court for any hopes of having it reduced.  I would go to court if you're not trying to eat the ticket.  Does that mean I’ll be going to court? Or can I go to the clerks office? Huh, I've never heard of that happening before. I'd just play it safe and do community service and driving school and pray. Not much else you can do.  In the section where it states the speed I was going, they wrote the lower speed as they said they would. However, further down, there were some empty lines that I believe were meant for comments, and it had the actual speed I was going. Just the number, so there was no “mph” attached or anything.  Wait so they wrote the actual speed you were going on the ticket but said that they wrote you for going lower?  On the ticket itself, there was a notes section, I believe. There was nothing written but the actual speed I was going. I’m not sure why they would write that there. Could it be to keep record of it in case I would go to court? I don't see any reason why the cop would change their story on the stand.  To my understanding, the cops who gave the tickets will be there. In my mind, I see them both attesting that I was actually going much faster than what they put me down as. What are the chances of me just putting myself in a worse position? You definitely need to go to court for the charges. Community service and driving school would definitely make the court look better on you; but, ultimately, that's for the judge to decide. 