 So this is a link to where I was asking for general advice about the car's issue but I also kinda explained how things went down. =reddit-android TLDR: car was dead, brought it in, came to pay and pick up, it's dead again. They charge it and say it'll be fine. Dies again. Bring it back, drop it off in person, call back to check on it multiple times, then when it's supposed to be ready for pick up they tell me its not in the system, they can't find the keys, they don't know where the car is. Eventually they find it and it magically is working fine. We go get it, bring it home, it dies again. My main concern right now is them LOSING it and NOONE CARES! Anyway, now I'm ready to get more serious because I gave them a chance to get back to me and try and figure things out but the manager never called me back. Okay, they don't care? I'll make them care. I need help making them care. What are my options here, guys? Thank you for any advice. Did you pay them for a diagnostic? Are you sure the your original battery wasn’t damaged due to the underlying discharge issue? Another thing severe weather is typically when battery issues show up. Extreme cold or heat is when we would see the most battery traffic when i worked at an auto parts store years ago. We also would see a lot of people with shorts in the aftermarket stereos especially in the Amp power lead since a lot of people didn’t use rubber grommets to insulate the wire from rubbing against the firewall damaging the insulation on the wire and creating an open short. [deleted] Right but ultimately you have your car back. Courts are to make you whole.  There are no good options here for you other than to stop taking your car to these guys. it was pretty unprofessional of them to lose it in the first place, but since you know have it back, there is really nothing actionable there. Perhaps if you had incurred some monetary damages such as a car rental or Uber while they were looking for your car, you could sue to recover those damages. If you had some solid evidence that they have been jerking you around and not servicing your car properly, perhaps you can file a small claims suit for some or all of your money back. But generally these guys will have a pretty good story for what's been going on. My practical advice is to find the most reputable mechanic you can and take it to them to get help figuring out what's wrong. Explain the situation and ask if they have any guesses as to what was going on with the first place. If he thinks there is some sort of obvious fraud or deceit on their part then the legal remedies may be worth pursuing. NAL but if they found it, im not sure there would be any damages suffered by you. 