 As the title says, his mother is quickly deteriorating. Mentally and physically. The concerning part is the mental as it’s quite clear to me she needs an advocate to make decisions on her behalf. She lives in his house, pays no rent just her own bills. She was in a horrible car accident about 5 years ago and had substantial brain trauma which is only compounded by being almost 70 y/o now. I’ve been watching the situation for two years and her mental state is becoming more and more concerning to me. Is there anything he could or should do to get more control of what’s going in with her? Any advice is greatly appreciated. Yea, i hate to mention this but it’s a good possibility in the near future. She was apparently wise enough to get a 10k life insurance policy on herself about 6 months ago. That was sign #1 red flag to me. Not legal advice but life experience advice. Your friend may want to consider figuring out what to do as far as funeral. It sucks to think about it but from what I heard making the funeral arrangements early makes things a whole lot easier as far as being able to walk away if they are pressuring you to make certain decisions and in pricing. Your friend may also want to find out what coarse of treatment she would want when she is no longer able to decide that for herself. It sucks to have to make decisions for someone else and that can be especially hard if that person never expressed their wishes.  He makes decent money so any fees should be negligible. The concerning part to me is medical and legal professionals understanding she isn’t of sound mind anymore and his judgement call is legally binding. She doesn’t really have much but the clothes on her back so an estate isn’t if any concern to anyone. No problem, and it is a lot to deal with. That's why I really recommend an attorney consult if they can at all afford it. Prices vary but in my neck of the woods, if you have a simple estate with few assets you could set this stuff up for like $300. I know that's often a lot of money for someone caring for their elderly parent, but it's also more affordable than I think most people realize. Thank you. Thats a lot to decompress in one reading but i hope we’ll be able to digest it. Definitely a solid start. Appreciate the feedback. Can they afford a few hundred bucks to consult with an attorney who specializes in estate issues? Because that would be my recommendation, assuming she's still legally competent. I cannot overstate how helpful it is to have a last will and living will/POA set up in advance in situations like this. There are DIY options that may or may not stand up if challenged, so working with an attorney is really worth it, and unless her estate is large and/or complex (which it doesn't sound like), it shouldn't be that expensive. If she is competent and they can't afford an attorney, some initial steps would be creating a power of attorney for both medical and financial means, and putting those on file with the relevant institutions (her bank, medical providers, etc.). For medical issues it sounds likely that he'd be her next-of-kin anyway, but it can't help to have more on record. They should also consider a living will, which will address when and how she should be given life-saving treatment if she is dying. It will address things like Do Not Resuscitate orders, when and how to give hydration, liquid nutrition and pain medication, etc. A last will and testament is also always a good idea to simplify probate court, and a very quick Google looks like hers should hold up if it's all written in her hand and signed by her, or if it's typed or written by someone else and signed by her and another witness. That will probably be okay if she doesn't have much of an estate, but if she does have a large estate or other complicating factors, you'll really want an attorney's help as those kinds of wills are often easily challenged. If she's not legally competent then things get much murkier, and it's probably much too fact-specific for anyone to say. In that case you definitely need an attorney. I should note that I'm not an attorney, but I have had personal experience with end-of-life issues similar to this and I've worked with some estate/probate attorneys in a support role in other states. I am not familiar with Michigan's laws, however. Sorry that's not that helpful, but if they can at all afford it I really do recommend working with an attorney. This is pretty routine stuff for them and so usually pretty affordable, and speaking from experience it does eliminate a ton of stress compared to the DIY route.