 [UK] I'm looking for advice regarding a privately rented property that I have been renting for the last two years, and am due to return the keys on 28th of this month. The chimney stack collapsed overnight last night, after a litany of other safety issues. Starting from the beginning: I have been renting this property for the last two years. Within the first few weeks, an electrician informed me that he could not issue me a electricity safety certificate (legally required) due to the amperage coming into the property, the lack of grounding and the old wires connecting the house to the mains. He explained that he was a friend of my landlord, and would pass this onto him, but that it may take a while to fix. A few months later, I woke up to a funny smell in the house, only to realise that my chimney was on fire. The fire wasn't severe, but did burn through my fire surround and could have been alot worse. Upon investigation, the flue connecting to the log burner went less than 30cm up the chimney, and had not been safety checked. Soot had been depositing behind my fire surround for years, and finally set alight within the stack itself. 4/5 of the companies who came to fix the chimney said that the chimney stack itself wasn't secure and would need repair before the flue could be installed correctly. Obviously the landlord went with the one in five that hadn't checked the chimney stack, as this was cheaper. They also didn't arrange for any cosmetic work on the fire surround to be done, so we did this ourselves. Last summer, my dog nearly died. He was in the garden and somehow caught his leg on a broken pane of glass that had been dumped behind the shed by the landlord and never removed. It severely damaged his leg, and he needed emergency surgery, 15 stitches and a vein sutured back together. We rushed him to the vets, and luckily after an hour of surgery and a bill of £1400 he survived. He was covered by pet insurance, so we only requested the excess be covered and asked that the glass was removed immediately. They paid the excess as requested, and removed the glass promptly. This summer, my landlord put my rent up, so we started looking for somewhere else to live. I advised the estate agents of the issues we had had so far, and highlighted a raft of other smaller problems including the window frames being rotten, plumbing issues, mould and most importantly the electricity safety. All of which was new to the estate agents, who had not been informed about any of this before. They immediately started the ball rolling on the electricity, but none of the other issues got addressed in the three months between us letting them know and us putting our notice to vacate. Just lots of visits to inspect the property. OK, so we're up to date. We had a three week overlap between moving to a new house and returning the keys to this property, so that pregnant me could clean it without getting stressed. I returned to the property today to find that the internal chimney stack had collapsed overnight, through the loft hatch and into the first floor rooms. There was total distruction upstairs, fire bricks everywhere! The loft hatch is in the bedroom, had I been in the property, this would have seriously endangered my life as well as my dog, who slept directly below the hatch. Reminder here, the landlord was aware that this could happen. I've informed my estate agents, who seem frustrated with the landlords as much as I am. I'd like to know where I stand monetarily and legally, particularly as there are strict clauses about cleaning. Also the house is now uninhabitable, but I have paid rent for the rest of this month. What are the chances of me getting any of my moneys back, deposit or rent? The deposit is held with TPS. You'll want to visit the legal advice UK subreddit.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.