 Hey Folks, This is probably cut/dry simple, but still wanted to ask the hive mind of reddit. My work is refusing to pay out my overtime, what they did was convert my overtime hours into standard hours. About 12 hours, and when I inquire about it, I basically get told they're "figuring it out" It makes no sense to me Not bad, necessarily. It would mean you're only owed your flat pay per hour worked, no matter how many hours that is. In which case they are paying you legally ---- The duties of a network engineer have been determined to fall into the category of "computer employees" in the past, but it'd depend on your specific role So they could legally classify you as hourly exempt if you also meet the wage threshold, which has now increased to $45.41/hr in California I believe.  Hourly exempt would be bad if I fell in that category then ? I do networking They've paid overtime previously and it was alright to work until needed.  I mean it's an incredibly small company so they would figure it out absolutely. I started documenting everything. Payroll ( wife ) gonna talk to owner last I heard . First time I've ever had to worry about a paystub and it sucks . Def screenshot in everything  Generally, file a Wage Claim. They'll figure it out real fast. As with many claims, they'll likely also figure out who put in the Wage Claim, and are likely to start looking for ways they can get away with firing you without hitting a retaliation issue. Get ready to document everything you can, because if they do retaliate, they could be in some real shit.  unfortunately, nothing concrete in that nature. They both literally have said things along the lines of, talk to the other one. Or, saying they forwarded what I said to the other one Since they work remote, do you have it in writing that they're working on it? You can file a wage claim for what you're owed if they don't resolve the issue If there's a chance you fall into the category of hourly exempt, they could be trying to figure out whether or not they made a mistake when classifying you. "Computer employees" (programmers, software engineers, etc) are the most common exemption there I'm getting the run around from the owner and his wife who does payroll. Both telling me to speak with the other, they both basically work remote. Frustrating  I would get it in writing that you’re owed overtime and that they are working on getting it paid out. If they don’t fix it soon, then I would pursue further. Normally, I would tell someone to be careful about filing complaints. But if they’re holding your money out of pure greed, then you should start looking elsewhere. 