 My wife is a preschool teacher and on Friday (November 30th) she injured her head pretty badly at work. She let her higher ups know about what had happened and they approved her to go to urgent care this past Sunday. Here's where it gets tricky - the doctor stated my wife could go back to work, but gave a long list of restrictions. My wife passed those along to her workplace and they said it was impossible for her to work with the restrictions in place and that no light work could be given either. They stated since she couldn't do any tasks at work, they wouldn't provide her with workers compensation. My wife has a follow up appointment with the doctor this Thursday (thankfully, her workplace IS paying for these appointments), where they'll most likely lift the restrictions. We're going to see if the doctor has any advice on how to approach the situation as well. In the mean time, since my wife and I aren't experts on workers comp, I wanted to know if what her workplace is doing legal. If so, any insight would be greatly helpful! If not what could she do to be compensated for lost time? TL;DR: Wife suffered concussion at work. Doctor gave work restrictions. Wife unable to work with restrictions, so job won't pay for lost time.  This would have been filed with the districts insurance as a workers claim. They should have assigned her a claim agent to deal with directly that can answer this question. If they are not able to provide alternative/restricted duties then usually this is covered by the claim as a lost time accident which they have to report to osha. Call the school district office and ask who works with workers compensation claims. If that doesn't work, contact the North Carolina Industrial Commission and ask for their help: http://www.ic.nc.gov/claimants.html There is something called a "lookback" period which is a delay in payment of out of work monies (indemnity) until a certain amount of work (8 days per comment posted by abnreq). Ahh, okay! That's definitely a bummer. Thanks so much for your help!  In NC, an employee must be out of work for 8 days to begin receiving compensation for lost wages. If the disability continues for more than 21 days, than the employee will be paid for days 1-7. Unless your wife is out for more than 7 days, she unfortunately isn't likely to receive lost wage compensation. She should continue to have her medical fees paid until the doctor certifies her as fully recovered. The website for the NC Industrial Commission is http://www.ic.nc.gov/index.html. It has a lot of valuable information.  I apologize if any of this comes off as unclear or completely irrelevant. Workers Compensation is all brand new to me. Her workplace is currently in the process of filing a claim, but they stated the claim will only cover my wife's doctor visits and not her lost time from work.  What do you mean they "wouldn't provide her with workers compensation"? Has a claim been filed with the carrier? WC is insurance, you have to file a claim.