 My stepdad (m34) has been in my (f20) life for about 10 years now. He has been the only father figure I’ve ever really known. For Christmas, I want to ask him to adopt me. I’ve done some research about it and all I can find is about child adoption. I guess what I’m asking is, are the laws for an adult the same as for a child? Will my real father have to give up his parental rights? How much will all of this cost? People who have to deal with jerks most of day love the feelgood moments. Just ask any cashier or other customer service person  Stop commenting in this sub if you don’t have legal advice to offer. I just removed a shitload of your comments.  It would be more efficient/cheaper for the step father/mother to have a clear estate plan/will in place. Judges are people. eh . . don't. I've done this very thing! My (31) father (78) has been in my life since I was a year old and I have always called him 'dad.' This last year we finally decided to make it official, so I contacted my lawyer and he got the ball rolling. I live in Georgia, but from what my Lawyer said an adult adoption is pretty universal: Everyone involved will need a copy of the birth certificate to be sent to the lawyer. You, your mom, and your dad will need to submit a short paragraph explaining why you want this adoption. This is to make sure, as my lawyer put it, "This wasn't because of some weird kinky sex fetish." All parties involved will have to submit their name, age, DOB, SSN, phone number, etc (your lawyer will send you a list) of As extra measure, because I'm paranoid about being precise, I submitted my birth father's death certificate so there would be no chance that a hold could be put on it because someone wanted to think of that SOB's feelings. If your birth father is not dead, it doesn't matter. You're an adult and making an adult decision. The biggest process is getting all the information submitted and processed. It'll be sent to the county you live in and you should get a court date. Depending on how big or small your county is, it could take a few weeks to a few months. You'll go in front of a family court judge (we actually met in a private room at a big table) and go over all the logistics. Once that has been finalized the paperwork will be signed and you can submit the paperwork for your new birth certificate! Of course there will be a court and lawyer cost, depending on who you go with and their rates. Other than that it's a fairly easy process. I now have a bit of a different view of judges now. thank you so much! Out of curiosity, can you legally adopt someone older than yourself? It's a nice gesture, but it doesn't help with estate planning and the other legal rights of being a child vs. a step child. OP can do both if she's so inclined. True. I interned in family court when I was in law school and my judge loved all adoptions, but especially adult adoptions. He handed out teddy bears to everybody. Talk to a lawyer about it, but since you're 20 this should legally be an extremely easy thing to do. Not only that, but judges in family court absolutely love to do adult adoptions, and you'll really brighten the day of whoever does yours. Good luck! Adult adoptions are commonplace and you do not need your biological parent's permission once you reach the age of majority in your state. Adult adoptions are used commonly for estate planning purposes, and have been used by gay couples for decades to ensure succession before gay marriage was legal. If you consider your stepfather your real father, then it is a good idea. When you are his adopted daughter, you will be treated the same as a biological child for estate planning, inheritance, and end-of-life planning. For example, if anything were to happen to you where you were incapacitated and unable to make your own decisions, he could step in and make the decision in the hospital, not your biological dad. The same holds true in reverse. If you love him and you both agree to do this, I wish you the best of luck. There are many lawyers who can do this for you for a very reasonable fee. I suggest checking Upwork or AVVO for a referral.  he already is basically my father. when i refer to him to other people i call him my dad. he is, in almost every aspect (except legally), my dad. i just want to make it official (Not legal but relevant)Why not adopt him? Make up a big official looking document and give it to him. I think the goal is more emotional than legal so make a big "to do" about it and adopt him as your father.  Looks like it’s doable and your biological father has no say in it. 