 I met her, we will call her A, at a party going on in my hometown. She got in because she lied about her age. She said she was 20. I became her friend and got to know A. One night, she asked to spend the night because her parents were having issues (I should’ve know at that point she was underage), and I was previously drinking that day with my roommate. I said sure, you can sleep on my couch. Once she got there late at night, me being pretty drunk, I went to my room and passed out right after. She was not intoxicated, completely sober, obviously because she drove to my house. Somewhere in the night, she snuck into my room and began touching my penis, getting me aroused, and went from there. I was still in that still drunk but half asleep state so I just laid there and let it happen. She came prepared to do this to me because she had a condom and put it on me. I don’t own condoms because I don’t have sex with strangers, only when I’m in a serious relationship with someone. I was single at the time. I didn’t know this girl sexually assaulted me until my current girlfriend told me about it a month later, because while I was seeing her, someone told her that A and I had sex. My girlfriend knew who A was and immediately told me that she was 17 and still in high school. I had no idea. If I did, I would have never invited her to spend the night at my house. I felt bad and sympathized, but she’s a minor and not my responsibility to take care of her. My girlfriend confronted A, and now A is twisting the story and saying I’m the one who coerced her and assaulted her, that she was drunk at my house and I forced her to sleep with me and then raped her. I don’t know what to do. I want to go to police about it, since I was sexually assaulted, but she’s a 17 year old female and I’m a 21 year old male. I’m afraid the law will not believe me and that I’ll be the one to get in trouble. I’m mentally and emotionally hurt from this now. A 17 year old manipulated and took advantage of me, probably knowing I would probably never be able to defend myself. What do I do? Can I press charges? Is there a way I can defend myself? I am so lost right now because I need to do something but I feel like I can’t. I’m worried the law will believe her and not me even though I was the one who was assaulted.  Think this post might have been what she did?  Go to a fucking lawyer. You’ve been told. Nobody here can help you further.  Accused by her, you are not involved with law enforcements yet, keep it that way  So your gf is 16?  As unfortunate as this case sounds the law won’t be on your side. They will most likely trust the minor more (also given it’s a female) and also the fact that you are over 18. Even if you are saying the truth you’ll most likely lose. I would just stay quiet but that’s not even a good option as she can press charges if she wants. Jesus fuck we share a Reddit account oh my god. It’s just Reddit. I just needed a question answered because I’m stuck. If you’re not going to help this situation then just fuck off.  When the post is sketchy, not taking a couple of seconds to create a Reddit account is suspicious and two posts before this was about whether you or your gf or whoever should sell LSD to minors? Yes. Simple. You can report what happened to the police. They will decide what action to take. That includes you possibly getting in trouble as well. You cannot press charges. Only the District Attorney can do that.  Every time I’ve ever seen someone say they were sexually assaulted every single poster tells them to go to the police. I think he should do the same. Because waiting for her to report it isn’t going to end well. You know what a TERRIBLE defense to a 17 year old girl saying you raped her is? “Officer she actually raped me.” It doesn’t sound believable.  This is my girlfriends account lol. I’m using it because I don’t have a Reddit account. Does it really matter?  You have older posts that say you're a female... yeah I’m already being convicted of such…because she got caught in her lies… As is often said in this sub, you can't not afford one. Here are your options: Go to police without representation. Anything you say can be turned against you in court because you provided it voluntarily. Risk being convicted of a felony sex offense and having that label follow you for life. Work mostly menial jobs and scrape by. Lose girlfriend and maybe never get another one. Do nothing and hope everything works out. Maybe lose current girlfriend but maybe get another later. Maybe get arrested if she does a complaint and hope you can find and afford an attorney you like or spin the wheel with the public defender. Talk to an attorney and get advice on how to proceed. If the attorney thinks it's a good idea, talk to police with attorney who can guide you and speak for you as necessary with all the special caveats that go with it. If it's not a good idea, you have a number to call if things go sideways. End up spending a few hundred to a few thousand dollars. Go on with life. Maybe keep girlfriend, build family, be successful. Not much beyond that. That’s not evidence of anything. Your sister texted someone else saying another person said something... Double hearsay.  Better than you being wrongly convicted of being a rapist  Pretty badly but idk I guess another rapist is just going to be able to walk free again.  well that's something, I suppose it depends on how badly it's affecting you. I imagine it's pretty awful but like I said the law is not on your side  I don’t think I can afford a lawyer. Is there anything I can do about this issue?  The only proof I think would work is a text from my sister to my girlfriend about A lying about her age to my sister but I don’t know if that would work.  If she is making claims like that it is time for a lawyer. I'd suggest gathering any and all available evidence you can and give it to your lawyer. Whether you should pursue a case against her is best advised by your lawyer. We cant answer this. Best of luck. Unfortunately you are more likely to get in trouble as you are over 18 and she is under and unless you can prove she did rape you then it's best you stay away from the police and keep her on your good terms because the law is in her favour, I am sorry but unless you have proof your kinda backed into a corner 😕