 I want to divorce my wife, but I don’t want to lose custody or our child. My wife and I met at work and dated for about 3 months, when I tried breaking up with her. She’s about 15 years older than me and I had just started my career. She threatened to get me fired, because I wasted her time and she could have found someone to marry her to keep her in the country. I felt terrible about this and also being unsure of my ability to find another job, I married her. We have one daughter, a house and a couple of cars. Recently she brought up divorce, because she doesn’t think this is a “real” marriage and doesn’t think, I “love” her, which is a fair. But she wants to take our child to her home country. Her parents help us a lot. But their son in his late thirties has never held a job or had a stable relationship with people, let alone get a girlfriend. My wife’s only friend is her coworker who happens to have a child similar age to ours. I’m worried if our daughter grows up with them, she will also be unstable. I’m not sure if I’m ready to be a single father, but I think our daughter has a better chance with me at turning out at least functional than with her mother. I’m worried if we divorce, she’ll run away with our child to her home country, even if she loses custody. I really don’t know to what extent she’ll go, because she thinks she’s too old to have another child. I really don’t want her to never be able to see our child, but I know she’s very flexible about breaking laws she doesn’t think are right. As long as the child does not have a passport that's not going to happen. You apparently know the marriage is over so it's best to speak to a attorney and find your options, she is NOT bolting out of the country with your child unless you allow it.  If you want a divorce, you need to consult with a divorce attorney. It's possible to get an order not allowing her to leave the country with your child. Absent something you haven't told us, if you do this right, you shouldn't have much to worry about. 