 I (20)M had to go to urgent care for stepping on a nail at a demolishen job I was doing. I freelanced the job which means no employer and I have no health care program. While at urgent care for a simple tetanus shot, the doctors and nurse practitioner urge me to get an x-ray looking for parts of the nail. I am very hesitant because (1) the nail wasn't a deep wound, i simply stepped on it and stepped off, and (2) I remind them that this is all out of pocket. I can't afford extra fees. Another doctor comes and and strongly encourages me that this is the right move; so I consent and have the x-ray taken. Nothing to be worried about just as I predicted. Two days later, I get the bill saying I owe the hospital $800 for a simple tetanus shot and x-ray! For the next few months, when I try to call the hospital assistance program, I am put on hold for hours. I have three jobs trying to pay off loans and can't afford to wait that long. I go to the hospital again and they give me new numbers with the exact same situation. I get out in hold for hours. Today, I am contacted by a debt collection agency telling me that they can only give me 20% off of the original bill. They won't budge on any discounts. I'm mad at myself that I didn't know better, and that I didn't get legal help earlier. Do I simply pay out of pocket and count my losses learning from this whole experience? Or is there some action I can take to further cut costs/prevent from happening again? Easy there.. just a simple question. I'm from outside the US and this is all new to me Contact your state assisted healthcare program they might be able to help with costs Where do YOU live? Under a rock apparently. Healthcare isn't cheap in the US. You're paying retail prices with no health insurance or coverage. What part of the world do you live in? That's a good point. I can see their side Yeah, the title is pretty misleading too, OP knows the price tag is for the x-ray. OP, you consented to the procedure, and it was done, you have to pay. You might be able to call their billing department and setup a payment plan or haggle the price down since usually huge price tags like that are for insurance, but there’s no guarantees.  You agreed to the procedures, you don't get to claim backsies now.  Just because you’re freelancing doesn’t necessarily mean you’re not covered under workers compensation. Programs like unemployment and work comp often have much more liberal interpretations of the meaning of “employee,” than the parties themselves have. In other words, the law defines whether you’re covered under work comp. it doesn’t matter what you and your employer call the arrangement. Whether you’re covered depends on a lot of factors that a work comp attorney in your state could explain. Whether you gave proper notice, etc is another issue, but I’d talk to a work comp attorney. It’s worth a shot. And if they didn't recommend the X-ray and there was something stuck in your foot, you would claim medical malpractice. You may have told them you couldn’t pay, but you then turned around and agreed to the procedure and shot. You are obligated to pay.  I didn't know the x-ray would be that expensive. I told the doctors that I couldn't pay it out of pocket. There is no recourse I see here other than paying the bill. $800 doesn’t seem unreasonable for an out-of-pocket tetanus shot and X-ray. The providers are not required to inform you of the price and, honestly, probably don’t have any idea how much it would cost. I don’t understand. Why do you believe you shouldn’t have to pay this bill in full? 