 My common law husband, father of my kids, passed away a few years ago. I found out (after his mom and sister got downright nasty with me for seemingly no reason) that his mom had deeded him her property and then had him put it in a life estate in her name. The land is not in the same state as the one he died in. I probated his estate in the state he died in and was informed that I did not need to probate in the other state where the land is. What I did do was have an affidavit filed that acknowledged we know about the land and that me and my daughters are the rightful heirs to it. In r/legaladvice's opinion - is this enough? I want to be sure nothing crazy happens. He had no will but I have enough proof that we were common law and have since had that filed and recognized by the government, I have the birth certificates of my daughters to prove he is their father. I just want to be sure I am doing everything I can to secure mine and my daughters future but, we don't have a huge amount of money to spend on a court case if it came to that. Thoughts? Well he died in Colorado and the land is in Alabama. At the time of our common law marriage both states recognized it. Alabama recently ended it but that was well after his death. Also, he has no children by anyone else. Thank you so much for this advice.  Well, while getting it into your name is the goal, I should clarify that you should make sure that's actually legal. Common-law marriages aren't universally recognized. If the jurisdiction in question doesn't recognize them then legally you could only transfer the deed into the decedent's children's names. Did he have any other children aside from the ones with you? And what state is the property in question in? Also, I need to point one thing out: even if you do things by the book, that would not stop other family members from challenging it anyway. Even without chance of success, they can still tie things up and cost you money. This is why it's often unwise to go without legal help now: you'll just be spending more on attorneys later, and probably more. Oh yes, I was aware she would get to remain on it for the rest of her days - but I suppose my worry is how her daughter might act when her mom dies. So - the lawyer that helped me file the affidavit said nothing about getting it transferred to my name, i wasn't even aware I COULD do that. That is so helpful. I really appreciate that. Things like this are why I feel like a complete dingbat in the legal area. It honestly never occured to me to transfer the deed to my name until after she died. I dunno why.  well i thought we weren't supposed to give identifying info and in this case it might be identifying :/ It sounds like that land is rightfully yours, but that his mother has the right to live on it for the remainder of her life. So you can get it transferred to your name (and you should do that ASAP), and you probably won't need probate to do so, but you'll need to file the change in the county where the land actually is and they may have separate laws. If you have any trouble doing so, you should retain a lawyer in that jurisdiction. And either way, you'll need to figure out how to let his mother live peacefully on the land and figure out all the details like who pays for property taxes insurance.