 I was on vacation in a different COUNTRY when I got a notification on my phone that my front door camera/doorbell had noticed someone at the door. IT’S TWO FUCKING COPS! Why are they there??? Well one of the neighbors called to say that my front door was open. We are experiencing a HUGE snow storm in my home town so naturally the neighbors were concerned. They call the cops and they show up to check to make sure everyone inside the home is safe. “Wellness Check” When they entered the home they found no one inside, because my wife and I were on vacation. But, they found all my cannabis and cannabis oil (dabs) and glass. I contacted them through the doorbell and asked them why they were at my home. They explained everything I explained above. Then they asked me if anyone in the home had a medical card, I answered “in the process” because I’m currently in the process to get my medical card. They said that when I get home “don’t be surprised if things are missing or moved around a bit”. I had about 3 ounces of flower and probably close to a half ounce of oil. I watched on the camera to see if I could see what they were doing but was unable. No charges yet or anything. Just trying to get some advice on how to handle this or anyone has had something like this happen to them before. ANY ADVICE IS HELPFUL!  You were found in possession of illegal drugs. You're going to need a lawyer. No manner of caps lock changes that. Generally yeah it does. You need to speak to a criminal defense attorney and see if they think there's any way they can have the search thrown out. The amount you had indicates intent to sell or distribute, you should take this very seriously.  You also probably have charges incoming. It would be wise to start contacting criminal defense attorneys in your home's jurisdiction. They had a right to search anywhere that a person could reasonably be. But, that's besides the point. It may or may not have been an illegal search. No need for us to debate that. It's a matter for your attorney to handle. You should call and speak to an attorney. In many jurisdictions (I say since you have not disclosed your location that I could find), the amount you had is a felony. If the police request any future interviews or questions, decline to answer without an attorney. But if they found anything in plain view doesn’t that give them probable cause to look for more shit?  Get a criminal defense attorney Due to this being a wellness check, that's still going to fall under Plain View doctrine unless they actually had to open drawers or closets to find the paraphernalia and items. Incorrect. They searched the house during a wellness check and found the room we keep everything in.  Let me guess, marijuana or paraphernalia was in plain view when they approached the open door? 