 I am a public employee in WA. A months ago I had a back injury at work and got a doctors note that said I should avoid bending and squatting. Since I was injured at work this was a workmans comp claim. I submitted the note to my management and continued working without any issues. About a week after submitting the note I got told by my management that they were transferring me to a different department. Contractually they are allowed to transfer people when there is an urgent need in another department. This new department will require me to be much more physically active and bending/squatting will be unavoidable. I met with my supervisors and let them know I was concerned about the transfer because of my injury, they said that my transfer was happening after my doctors note expired and if the note is renewed than take it up with HR. I was supposed to officially start transferring to the new position this week. About a week ago my doctor reexamined me and determined that I was still recovering so gave me another note extending my bending/squatting requirement by another month. After submitting the new note HR got back to me and said I would be on workmans comp leave for the future until we consult with your doctor about what I am physically able to do. They specifically said they needed to check if I was cleared for light duty or full duty and if cleared they would take me off workmans comp. My issue is that both doctors have the same requirements so why am I suddenly unable to work if I was physically able to work for the last month in my old position. Another thing is now my old position is vacant and my new position which they needed someone urgently is also vacant. Workmans comp does not compensate me 100% the same so I will see a reduction in pay if they force me to stay home for the next month. I also wonder what will happen if the doctor continues to renew the note? Can I sue for lost wages or to simply remain in my current position? I am in a union and my rep said I had exhausted all options for now.  I just reviewed your post history because something wasn't adding up. Now I think I get what's going on. IMHO you're being reassigned because your employer considers you a troublemaker, and possibly unfit for your current position (teaching difficult disabled students).  Unlikely, but this is a union contract issue; so I presume your union rep knows better than anyone on Reddit. 