 My abusive ex boyfriend has been stalking me for an entire year, and I have documentation of it. Him contacting me online, and even his threats he sent in text message and email. The last time he contacted me was two weeks ago. I tried to go file for a restraining order on November 12th, 2018 but I didn’t realize that it was Veterans Day and the courthouse was closed. Stupid me. I was worried about calling off work to go try to file again so I put it off because I didn’t want to risk loosing my job over this. Is it too late to file now? I was sent this link by the Attorney's General office. Thought it could be of use to you. Stay safe!  Thank you. 🙂 Thank you so much for taking the time to provide this information. 🙂 First you will have to file for a temporary restraining order (TRO). There is quite a lot of paperwork - several different forms. Call the courthouse where you will file to make sure you have the right forms. Fill them out at home so you don't have to waste time at the courthouse. Be very detailed. Attach copies of all of your documentation. You will have to file the forms in person. Get there before they open and wait in line. I am also in CA and in my city you get your paperwork checked by someone in an office. Then you take your paperwork to to a bailiff in a courtroom who passes the paperwork to a judge. A judge reviews. If they agree they sign it, stamp it and give you a court date for the actual RO. Then you take the TRO and go to the Sheriff's' office (in the courthouse). They have x days (I can't remember how long) to serve the other party. Anyway - the paperwork review, the judge review and dealing with the Sheriff will take a couple of hours to half a day. Then you and the other party all come back on the designated date (usually within 3 weeks). At that point the other party can ask for an continuance and he will get it if he asks for it. This will also take a couple of hours because it is a cattle call for all TROs and ROs for that day. The bailiff is responsible for sorting out everyone before you even go into the courtroom. The cases where one party is a no show don't even go into the courtroom. Everyone then goes into the courtroom. Those who want a continuance see the judge first to get them out of the way. Those who come to an agreement still have to go in front of the judge but it is very quick. Those who have a contested situation go last. At the very least this is a several hour process even for a continuance. It will take at least 2 court trips at several hours to a full day each time to get the RO. Yes, you can file even if the contact is several weeks old. And you SHOULD go if he has made threats. Having an RO is better than NOT having the RO but just remember, it is just a piece of paper and people who don't have boundaries to begin with likely will not abide by it. Again, please get the RO, but be aware of its limitations and don't let your guard down once you have it.  You can file. Did I put the location in the right spot on the post?