 Hello r/legaladvice. Thank you in advance for any insight on this issue. I recently received a call from a financial services company regarding a transaction. The company’s representative started the call by saying “Hello, this is [name] and this call is being recorded. Is this u/yabloski?” I responded by saying that I did not consent to having the call recorded, and requested that the recording stop. The representative stated that he could not stop the recording. I hung up. I am in California, and the representative is in Florida. I emailed the representative this morning, asking for a written explanation of the purpose for his call. I also pointed out that both CA and FL are two-party consent states for the purposes of recording non-public conversations, and requested an explanation for the company’s insistence that calls be recorded. I received an email back from the representative, who reiterated that it is “company policy” that calls be recorded. Any insight here? Am I out to lunch on this one? Most financial services companies record their phone calls to cover their behinds. If you don't like it then you will have to correspond with them via email or snail mail. If they don't want to talk to you on the phone they are not obligated to either. I get where you are coming from but your choices are to use a different method of communication or allow them to record. My question goes to your last comment. The representative stated affirmatively that the call was being recorded, not "can we record the call?". I get the company wanting the kind of proof a recorded call provides, but my concern is that they're operating as if only one-party consent was applicable. I WANT to hear what they have to say, and by not respecting the two-party rule, I'm wondering if they are, in fact, in violation of the law.  So you didn't want the call recorded, but you sent an email? Having the conversation in writing is basically the same thing as having the conversation on a recorded phone call, they'll have a record through both means. Continuing the call is consenting to being recorded What is your question exactly? They informed you that the call was being recorded, you refused to continue the conversation. No laws were broken.