 I took my car into a repair shop. To get tires changed, serpentine belt change, a wheel bearing changed, and a battery replaced. In total is cost around \~1300.00 after tax. The next day when driving home my car died on me while at a red light. So I call the repair shop again and he tells me to bring it in and he'll have a look at it. I try to follow up with him the next day, to get an update, but he doesn't answer. He's closed the following day, and today he gets back to me to tell me that there's an mass air filter problem. After he tells me the cost over the phone, I tell him not to do any work on the vehicle and that I'll pick it up later today. He then tells me I have to pay for an estimate. I don't believe I should pay for this estimate, as he never told me there would be a cost. Especially since 24 hours ago I paid him to repair my vehicle and I made an effort to get in contact with him the day after it was returned again. Am I right to not pay for this? I feel like this repair shop is being negligent and is just throwing charges at me to get more money. PS Sorry if I posted this in the wrong place. I'm just looking for help :( Sounds to me like the vehicle is at an age when sensors and other parts tend to fail, factoring in the age and the kind of repairs you were having done (assuming you were following the maintenance schedule). Correlation doesn’t mean causation; most likely this issue is unrelated to the repairs you had completed. You are right that they must inform you of a fee for estimates. Your option now is to complain to them about the fee in hopes they will drop it and give you back the car, and if they don’t you can pay it and file a complaint with [Consumer Protection Ontario]().  A diagnostics machine can cost as much as a house. Generally a shop charges an hour of rate for diagnostic testing. A sensor going out which is what it sounds like has nothing to do with what you described in the work they did.  Thanks for the good info! In my unprofessional opinion, this issue is related to work they did. In the 6 months I've had the car, and the 13 years my uncle (the original, previous and only owner) have owned it, this has never been an issue. The repair shop described it as an electrical problem with the filter, so it lead me to believe it might have been an issue with the battery (maybe something simple as a loose connection) The fact that I was unaware there would be a charge, and now i'm being billed is what causes me to think there's negligence. After some research I've read from Ontario.ca that if an estimate will have a cost, i must be made aware of how much they will charge before providing it to me. I also believed that because the malfunction happened less than 24 hours after work was done, that this should be included under the warranty. And if there are any other additional costs, not covered in the warranty, I should be made aware of them. Does the new thing that needs fixed have anything to do with the work already done? If not then it's a new issue and unless you were told the estimate was free or the diagnostic fee is outrageous then you should not expect it to be free. Often they will waive the charge if they perform the work, but you don't work for free and they don't either. You're paying for their skill and expertise to figure out what the problem is even if you don't have them fix it. edit: Canada might have some special law saying you need to be informed of a diagnostic fee. If that's the case then you don't have to pay, but absent that you shouldn't expect a free diagnosis. 