 My daughter keeps too much in her checking account. Can’t stop that. She has a 12 year old son also. She was in a very serious just missed situation driving, and I’m concerned if something happens, it would be locked down. Thank you. I appreciate this answer. No, she has stuff from employment, but I’m still wondering, if the worst happens, if her 16 yr old daughter could access her checking account. It’s way too much money sitting in it. She needs to have a plan if the worst happens. We have it in place personally , but her age is a concern. I don’t want that money unavailable in a time of distress and need. Why I asked. Thank you. Checking accounts can certainly have a POD (Pay On Death) beneficiary. I don't think the bank would let someone set up a minor to be the POD but stranger things have happened. It depends on who is appointed as guardian, as they would likely have access to the money. If the children's father is the guardian appointed, then yes. The timeline would depend on how long it takes to wrap up the mother's estate. It's a legal process where everything she owns would basically be identified, as well as what money she owes, and paying off debt before remaining money is given to the heirs. If the mother owes a lot of people, or if she has complex asset holdings it can make closing the estate take a lot longer. Generally it has to be done within a year at most. Thank you. So she can’t, but the father can access her account because of her age your saying. A normal checking account is not one which would have a beneficiary, that's generally reserved for investment and retirement accounts. If there's no spouse the estate will pass to the daughter and son. As they are minors there would be the possibility of them needing a guardian at their mother's passing. The estate would likely be usable by the guardian to assist in raising the children. This is what I am asking. I am sure if you get a beneficiary, they can access that account. Yet, she’s a minor, so maybe the rules are different. Thanks for answering though. I was under the impression with no will, a bank account can be paid upon death. Just 10 minutes to set it up at the bank . But, she’s 16. Maybe a problem with her age to have cash on hand at this point, because she is a minor. 6 months? Regardless, unless it's in an account with a named beneficiary, your daughter's money will go to her estate. Estates will flow first to a spouse, if there's no spouse then the estate to children. If your granddaughter sees any money will depend on if your daughter has debts, as they would be paid off before distributing the estate. She keeps too much in her account, like 6 months. If any thing happens, can her daughter get that money if she god forbids dies, is my question. My SO and I have our accounts to be paid if anything happens, no will. Your daughter has more than $250,000 in a checking account? What's "a very serious just missed situation driving"? What do you mean by "a a pay upon death"?