 My girlfriend is having problems with a Professor who is refusing to reach out to her for an assignment and fail her and part of her class for not following any directions that were not given. She tried to remedy this by visiting his office hours and trying to speak to him. She was then met with unprofessional behavior, yelling, some cursing, and blaming her and the students for using a search engine online instead of reading a book. And threatened to fail her if he suspects she used a google search instead of a book. He also openly admitted to failing other students for the same result. She took this information to the Department chair. Who then told her, 'I would do the same.' And when my girlfriend asked her for advice on how to do the paper then the Dept chair simply responded 'Do it yourself. Stop relying on other people to do the work for you.' She is considering going to the Dean. But, I know this is not a complete legal issue, but we are just trying to find out the correct way to file a complaint further we are also trying to see if the professor is in his bounds to do this. Thank you to any who will help.  Peer-reviewed sources does not limit her to only books. Your school’s library services should be able to direct you towards services that can teach her how to research, write and reference in an academic setting. The entire description of that paper is unrelated to a British literature class.  And make sure to explain the situation better than you did here  Could be a source for a tiny thing unrelated to the Iraq source, but from it. Any source should be sited  It is interesting that the Department Chair said “stop relying on other people to do the work for you,” and yet here we are, with her boyfriend (not her) seeking advice to solve her problem. It sounds like the Chair may have been correct in her assessment of the situation. Since we are effectively playing telephone with what she told you that other people said (aka second degree hearsay) it’s impossible to know for sure if the story you are relating is an accurate statement of the issues, but given that college professors and department chairs don’t collectively decide to randomly have it out for a student, it is very likely that your girlfriend either misunderstood the rules or is trying to skirt them, and they are holding her accountable for those mistakes.  I work in academia, and I can tell you that professors have wide latitude in the intellectual content of their courses, instruction and grading. Since your girlfriend's complaint seems to be centered around the way the professor is choosing to teach, its unlikely that a complaint to the Dean will do anything. In contrast, there are very strict rules for conduct, and yelling at a student would never be considered acceptable. If your girlfriend wants to make a complaint about that, she may get some action, although in the absence of proof it might be difficult. Based on your explanation of the actual paper, it seems like it might not be academically suitable. I find it hard to believe that a discussion of the American invasion of Iraq would be at all relevant to a British literature class. Most departments I deal with have extensive tutoring resources, your girlfriend should access some of those. The school librarians can be extremely helpful in explaining what proper sourcing and citation is. So, it isn't illegal to fail people for having crappy papers, whatever the professor's definition of crappy is. It isn't illegal to yell at people, although it is likely to be against school policy. Your girlfriends best course is to actually figure out how the professor wants the paper done, rewrite the paper, and beg him to accept and grade the re-written paper.   ...what does American involvement in Iraq have to do with British literature?  Okay, so it sounds like the professor's issue is with a source or possibly with the scope of the paper. (Not a professor, but this sounds like an extremely broad topic for a term paper based on the class.) If your school has a writing lab, she should probably schedule time to get her paper and sources critiqued. As for the unprofessional behavior of the professor, the school should have a grievance process for students. Academically (grades disputes), the process is usually something like "discuss with professor" - "provide in writing to department chair or designated admin of the program to which the grievance relates" - "appeal to the appropriate academic dean, who will return a final verdict." It's very common to require sourced papers to use academic or source writings and not allow information that is gleaned from a basic google search. Now, finding a source (book, journal, newspaper or magazine article, etc.) from a web search and using that should be totally fine, provided they're correctly sourced.  I would advise you to forget about legal recourse - she needs to sit down with the professor and understand what they expect from her, then deliver on those expectations. From another comment from the OP: our sources was based on American involvement in Iraq for Oil. "Our" sources? Was this a group project or an individual assignment? Ah, thank you. The issue was a grade of fail for an unspecified instruction on not using google or google scholar. Rather, the directions only said 'use Peer-Reviewed sources.' And the second part of your question is he refused to give her advice and told her to 'figure it out' when she tried to reach (get advice) from him how to complete it correctly. Thank you very much for the help!  Excuse me, I am terrible at writing posts clearly lol. The fault was she used google scholarly. Instead of using a physical textbook. She got her sources through google scholar and then tried to write a paper on them. And he flipped because it wasn't a physical book. But nowhere in his directions did he say it must be a physical book, only peer-reviewed.  Professors are within their rights to ask students to only use the books and not google. I've had professors have that policy in the past. What exactly is the issue she is having? What do you mean to reach out to her for an assignment? Sorry for the confusion! It was more so what is she allowed to do as a student to form a grievance and what can/can't a professor do in his or her capacity. I apologize for the confusion!  Excuse me for coy. The assignment is brit lit. And she has to write a term paper. She was writing about elements about British imperialism and other illegal means why countries go to war. One of our sources was based on American involvement in Iraq for Oil. The professor got angry that the word 'American' was involved in the brit lit. She tried to explain the purpose was the means and methods on why America did go to Iraq and compare those to that of Imperialist Britain. And I suppose the extreme reaction is tied to the professor feels like 'this is the norm' and blames students incompetence on using google or search engine instead of a book. EDIT #1: If you need more info let me know! Sorry again!  Why don't you tell us exactly what the assigment was and exactly what she did? You're being very coy with the specifics for such an extreme reaction from not only her professor but the department chair. I imagine there's a lot more to this story than you're letting on.  So, did your girlfriend use a search engine to find a paper instead of reading the textbook and writing her own paper? Because if she is suspected of academic dishonesty for a good reason, she may not want to continue escalating this - people get expelled from college for cheating on homework. Would those directions that were not given be "You cannot copy your essay off the internet", by any chance? Your post is confusing. What, precisely, does she believe the professor should be doing that the professor isn't? Why does she believe that the professor is required to do those things?