 Hello, So here's the story. I was at a house party at a friend's place, their house is in the same neighborhood as my apartment and roughly a 5 minute walk away. This neighborhood is small and quiet (not much traffic) and right next to a small college campus. I became highly intoxicated and at this point I was black out drunk and have no memory of about 30 minutes of time. What I think happened was I went outside to take a piss and then hit my face against the wall while I was urinating. Anyway, my face was a bit bloodied up and had a couple of grazes on it. Then I think I must've started to walk home at this point. Next thing I remember, I am about 100 yards from the house being interrogated by 2 cops on the side of the road because they think I got in a fight. I had no memory of what happened to my face because I was black out drunk, but they were obviously grazes from falling rather than bruises and cuts from getting punched. I told them I didn't remember what happened and they seemed to believe me. They called an ambulance to make sure I was ok and continued to question me until it arrived. By this time two of my friends were out there with the cops and I. When the paramedics got there, they checked me out said I was good to go. My friend drove me home and I went to bed. The next day I got up thinking nothing of it except for the slight embarrassment of the situation. A week goes by and all of a sudden I get an email from my college's dean of students saying that I have potentially violated the student code of conduct for alcohol abuse/misuse and that I need to schedule a meeting to discuss this. I am not too worried about this because I am 21, I had no alcohol on me at the time and I wasn't being a nuisance to anyone so I think it would be a simple explanation of me saying I got too drunk and got stopped by cops on my short walk home. However, I am worried about this potentially going on my record? I obviously wasn't arrested but I was wondering if this could still go on my record? One of my friend's who was out there with me said the cops got me to sign something but he had no idea what it was. I don't remember this at all but I was thinking it might have been just for their own police records to show what they were doing at that time? The police must have obviously communicated with my university because this was an off campus incident, so does that mean I committed an offence and it's already on my record, because why else would the police contact the university? Any advice would be greatly appreciated, I just hope nothing will be on my criminal record for such a minor mistake. Thanks. Probably a website .. just search " county of '________' superior court case inquiry"  Would they have a website that I can check this or do I physically have to go there? Go to your county's superior court and check if there is a pending case. 