 This a long story, sorry. I was renting a house for 1 year and verbally told I could rent to own if I wanted after the year. (Yes I was very naive.) Anyway, home owner decided she wants to move back in. She gave us 2 months notice, but we couldn't find a place in time. We have bad credit, 2 kids at home and 2 medium size dogs. We let property manager know multiple times and asked for at least one more month, but home owner said no. We have no family here, and we finally found a place, but can't get out until Dec 30. So, eviction process is begun, which we expected, but then home owner turned off the water, it was in our name. We got it turned back on, but on Friday she had electricity turned off, also had been in our name. What can we do? I'm pretty sure it's illegal for her to do this. Ooh hadn't thought of that. Good idea. Thanks Thank you Definitely illegal - make sure you go to court on the appointed eviction date and let the judge know. Bring any proof you can, email, text messages, even go into your account online and show the service was terminated if nothing else. And if you think the property manager had anything to do with this, file a complaint with the realtor board. SC requires property managers to be licensed with the state, and they will take an ethics complaint. In fact I'd lean on the PM a bit to control her client, because she has to know that kind of thing is illegal.  Try to get some proof from the water and electric companies to show the judge, such as an e-mail from them stating what they verbally told you. I would say yes it would since the rent would put into place a month to month agreement for Dec otherwise the landlord would be straight up stealing money which is sounds like she's trying to do. The judge in this case will not be happy about the acceptance of rent and the turning off of utilities and attempt to evict. Hopefully OP has a cancelled check, electronic transfer documentation, or MO stub for the paid rent.  Would accepting the rent "reset" the need for notice to move out?  Yes. It was up December 1. We were naive in thinking the verbal agreement to rent to own after lease year was enough. I assumed (yep, I admit I was dumb) we would be setting up the rent to own when they called us 2 months ago, but I was so wrong.  Thank you Yes we were in the wrong and feel bad about it. We just couldn't find housing. She did deposit our rent. I will definitely show up at court. Thank you for your help. Did the Landlord or the Property Manager (whoever you paid the rent to) deposit the check? So pretty much you were in the wrong up until she started turning off utilities (not generally allowed during the eviction process - certainly not during winter). Go to the court date. If they deposited the check or took the rent money for December that is your biggest piece of evidence - bring proof of that. Also show proof that your utilities were disconnected. The judge will not be impressed with either of these things. Also see if your city has some type of legal aid that you can talk to about this, because remember we are all just from the internet. Do you have a written lease for the year that you're renting? Does it specify how long you're renting the house for? If she accepted the Dec rent that is an implied agreement to rent the house to you, she cant accept rent then evict. You can probably fight this though SC law will have it's own specifics.  Thanks Let the judge know what she's done as well. It was a bad move of the company to just shut off things. She told the utility companies that she was the homeowner and wanted it in her name and shut off. We let them know that we are still living here, but they still turned it off. It's probably illegal if she impersonated you to turn off the utilities. Don't miss your court date where you'll have a chance to explain your side of the story. The judge may be lenient and take in consideration that it's the holidays and you have a family. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.