 I hope this is the right place to post this. This situation is just crazy to me. I apologize for formatting, I’m on mobile. TLDR at bottom. My friend, we’ll call him Robert, reached out to me this morning asking if I could contact his roommate. I asked him why he needed me to do that and I was told he couldn’t find his roommate Sam and Sam had blocked him on everything. Sam had also not given Robert his half of rent for December, which is now late. I messaged Sam and he told me that he had spontaneously moved across the country and will not be returning to the apartment. He is also refusing to unblock Robert and will not talk to him until he says he is ready, which who knows how long that will be. Robert and Sam signed a lease back in May and currently have about six months left of it. Robert can’t afford to pay for the apartment on his own and Sam refuses to talk to him, let alone pay him. What can Robert do in this situation? Can he break the lease without Sam’s consent if Sam has moved across the country and is refusing to pay rent or communicate with Robert? Is there anything the leasing office can do? Is his only option to sue Sam? TLDR: Friend (Robert) and his friend (Sam) sign year long lease in May. Sam spontaneously moves out two days ago, blocked Robert on everything, and refuses to pay rent. What can Robert do?  Awesome, thank you so much!  I don't think he could break the lease over the objection of his roommate. If he packed up and moved to Texas, Robert should be able to break the lease without his consent.  Does he not need the other roommate’s consent to break lease? I think that’s what he wants to do but since neither of us have been in this situation before, we weren’t sure if both parties needed to consent on breaking the lease or just one.  It'll depend on the lease terms, and what management is willing to do. Finding a new roommate is one option, if the lease allows it. He could also immediately move out of the apartment, and try to negotiate a break lease fee.  What if Robert can’t afford to pay rent? The apartment is in NOVA so they’re currently splitting the $2300 payment.  If they signed one lease, it's likely they are jointly and severally liable for the rent. Robert can pay the rent himself, and sue Sam after the lease is up. 