 To be clear, I am 18 y/o. I am NOT a minor. Last night (10:35pm) my father picked me up from work, asked me how it was. I didn’t really feel like talking, so grunted. I was tired. He didn’t like my response, proceeded to berate me using derogatory language, and kicked me out of the car and drove off. (I got out of the car when he screamed at me to get out as I had reasonable fear for my safety if I didn’t.) I then called my friend who had just left work, and he got back shortly. We sat in his car for a bit. Then my mother arrived at around 11:00pm. If not for my friend’s speedy response, I would have been out in sub 20°F weather for around a half an hour. To make matter more scary my phone almost died, and I wouldn’t have been able to call anyone at all. I was barely able to make the call to my friend. I say left in sub 20°F temperatures as he had no way of knowing my mother would agree to come get me, that my friend would turn around, that I would even be able to make the call in the first place. He kicked me out of the car with the intent to leave me there. Maybe I should have instead said “I’m tired, I don’t feel like talking.” But nonetheless, his reaction was extreme and outrageous. When my mother came she strongly sided with him, coming down on me for grunting, and not once mentioning his insane reaction to it. Rationalizing his reaction. I’ve changed all passwords to accounts that my parents have the slightest (but unlikely) possibility of knowing. And a few weeks ago I removed my dad’s name from my checking account, in a fear something like this would happen. Not actually expecting anything this bad to happen. (Though the savings account still has his name on it as he refuses to give it to me until I go to college.) I’ve also take pictures, and a video of all my belongings incase anything happens to them. I’m not exactly sure how to proceed, or if there’s anything I can do legally. If anything is unclear I am more than happy to answer any questions to clear things up as to get the best possible advice.  Press charges for what? Not giving you a ride? That isn't illegal.  You can't do anything about this legally. Just shrug it off You live with them? Everyone’s been thrown out of a car by a parent once I feel like. You are either not telling us everything or being way too irrational/emotional about it. If you don’t like it, find another way to work. Get your own place, your own car, etc...   Move on. There's nothing you can do legally.  Legally about.. what?