 Hello r/legaladvice! I apologize if this seems like a stupid post, but my parents and I can't seem to think of any way to stop an unwanted situation My parents live in a small, quiet town in NY. It has a great reputation for being safe and very low crime, so while this situation is not extreme, it is very out of the ordinary for the town. Since Monday, November 19th, a group of 5-ish teenage boys (middle school age) have been climbing fences and going through neighbors yards. They have been throwing snowballs and rocks at my parents' house and windows, banging on the door and ringing the doorbell, yelling obscene and lewd things and even pulling down their pants. That Monday, my mom was home alone and was scared (she's a senior) so she called the cops. When the cops came, the kids ran away. My mom complains that the cops did nothing but ask for her age, but I agree that there was not much to be done. They boys came back Tuesday (11/20) and Wednesday (11/21) and did the same show, throwing rocks/snow, banging on the door, ringing the doorbell, etc. My dad happened to be home this time and went out to try to scare them away, but they would just run away and come back later. We were out of town Thanksgiving and dont know if they showed. They came again Friday (11/23) with more kids, total of about 10. I'm visiting for the long weekend and was able to get a couple of pictures (nothing identifiable). I took a walk around the block and was able to get video of one kid's face very clearly. My parents took that "evidence" and filed a police report. My parents are absolutely horrid with technology but my mom wants to invest in some sort of camera/security system. I tell my mom to call the police every time, just so they leave a paper trail, and try to take some pictures when they come. Is this pretty much the extent that we can do? I feel like everyone's hands are tied since they are so young, but I'm worried that since the kids are getting no repercussions, the situation might escalate and they might break a window or something. Are these kids breaking any laws? TL/DR: A group of juvenile boys harrass my parents home every day, throwing rocks and snowballs and banging on the door. A police report was made. Are they breaking any laws and is waiting it out the only thing we can do? Thanks in advance! Couple of thoughts....kids may have had the week off from school...hopefully they will go home/back to school on Monday. Cameras as mentioned. Do your parents know the neighbors? Particularly any with kids about the same age? Talk to them and get them to listen when they are on the bus to school or in the lunch room/recess. These kids (if local and not visiting for the holiday) WILL talk to others about their "fun". Remind parents that you want the stuff to stop, and do not want these kids to go on doing worse stuff that they could really get in trouble for when older. Hopefully....they are just visiting and will not be back.  [removed] No. I’m saying that by looking these laws up, she can be better prepared with evidence, documentation, police reports, law suits, etc. Also, she can know more on how she can protect herself should these kids become violent.  Talk to the neighbors, see if they have cameras as well. Don't respond at all to the kids in person, don't go out and yell at them, don't chase them off - just take pictures and call the police. If they are menacing (e.g. have weapons, throwing rocks, damaging property, yelling threats, etc. as opposed to simply loitering which is just standing around) call 911, otherwise call a non-emergency line. If yoy think police response is sufficiently fast that they can be caught in the act of tresspassing call the police the second you see them entering your property and do not engage the kids or they may run off. Cameras. Cameras. Cameras. See if you can talk to neighbors, local schools, area store owners - anyone who might know who these kids are, and pass that along to the police. If you feel comfortable (and with your parents permission) you may try to set up a meeting with school officials and the kids parents, but make sure you DO file police reports.  If your suggestion is to shoot kids for being little shits, I think that's a bit extreme don't you? I can't imagine you're suggesting a senior physically confront these kids, and I don't imagine they would even be able to get close enough for something like pepper spray to be effective... so what's the suggestion really? NYS's Castle Doctrine includes a duty to escape, and only applies INSIDE the residence or structure... you can't shoot someone for entering your yard, and you have to first attempt to escape. In the case of a bunch of 12 and 13 year olds, I think she can reasonable go inside, lock the door, and call the police.  I suggest contacting the local middle school to help identify the kids to contact their parents. An alternative to waiting for the police. A game camera may be cheaper and easier for your parents to use. There are ones as simple as taking pictures and removing a chip to as complicated as ones that make video and send directly to a smart phone. I would file a police report with this. Also, look up self-defense laws in your parent’s area. Obviously your mom is afraid and feels threatened and some states have laws that say she has the right to defend her property.  [removed] Put up the cameras and add "No Trespassing" signs. I would also put up visible dummy cameras and have the real cameras hidden because these kids sound like the type to damage the cameras. They go after the dummy, the hidden camera catches them and now they've added a vandalism to the possible charges. The signs will make it real damn obvious that they shouldn't be in the yard, since the fence doesn't seem to be enough of a deterrent. Also look into the Ring doorbell, that will catch them messing with your door. []() I would definitely get some security cameras. If you can catch the little shits on video, you can use that as evidence and maybe find out who they are. The other thing I would suggest is coordinate action with your neighbors. If one person complains, they can be ignored. If a good number of people complain, the powers that be are more likely to do something. In the meantime, put up signs that let the kids know they’re being filmed as a deterrent until you get the system installed.  You can (and should) install security cameras to create evidence in case the teenagers come back. If the teenagers jump your fence again, do not confront them; call 911 and let the police catch them in the act. But other than that, you will have to wait for the police to finish their investigation.