 My dad had a family before he met my mom and has two daughters. My mom and him got married, she bought a house but my dad hasn’t put any money towards it or has legal recognition for the house. I know very little of how this work, but my mom keeps asking me: “If your dad passes away, does that mean his daughters can come after the house since we’re married and share responsibility”  Please read my whole post. Thank you so much, for all the advice. I will tell my mom to talk to an attorney.   She did not. Reread. I'm not a lawyer, but it doesn't look like your mom has anything to worry about. [This]() appears to be a good summary of California inheritance rules. Since she owned the house before the marriage, some of the current value of the house would probably be considered separate property while some would be community property. Either way the whole thing goes to her. I'm assuming there is no will. But even if there is one, [California requires]() that at least 50% of the community property goes to the spouse. So I suppose in a worst-case scenario, where there are no other assets and a will that excludes your mom, it's possible that the step kids could have a claim for a portion of the value of the house (50% of any increase in the value of the house that occurred after the marriage). Assuming by LA you mean Los Angeles and not Louisiana. Edit: rereading your post, maybe she bought the house after the marriage? If so the whole house might be community property, but if she had assets prior to marriage that she used to buy the house those would count as separate property.  3. The rest likely doesn't matter or childless housewives would never get anything after a divorce. OP's mom need an attorney.  So she has a house owned only by her? I suspect she has nothing to worry about for about 10 different reasons.  Jurisdiction matters. Whether he has a will matters. What his will _says_ might matter. Your mother would be well served by a conversation with an estate planning attorney. It's very likely the house is their marital home, and in most jurisdictions she'd be first in line to inherit his interest in it, whatever that interest turns out to be, but that's not true universally.