 So my best buddy met a girl on tinder and within 2weeks she moved all her and her kids stuff into his house, without asking permission. Just one day when he came home from work it was there. It's my understanding in Wisconsin all you really need to do is to set a tooth brush in the bathroom or change mailing address to claim residency. 10 days after their first intercourse she produces a letter from the VA that she was pregnant and that she shouldnt have any difficult duties. My buddy sent me a copy of it online and asked me to show it to a veteran friend of mine because the letter looked shady. So the two veterans I've showed said that it absolutely looked fake and then produced their own VA paper work to show multiple discrepancies (margins, embossed logo, professional appearance, etc). She later said she had an abortion. All this was done, in my opinion, to move in. Well one night (2 months later) they are out having a couple drinks and had a physical altercation at a grocery store where she was in the vehicle while he was outside, he didn't want to go home with her and she wouldn't give back his phone. At this point the story diverges, where she claims he slapped her and forced her out of the vehicle, he claims she tried to grab the phone and when she wouldn't give it back he opened the car door and she just kind of fell out. He says the video recording doesn't show him slapping her (he says he never did) but does show her falling out of the vehicle. A customer saw this and called the cops. The cops arrested her for dui and him for domestic abuse. I have to say I absolutely can't condone EVER hitting anyone especially a woman. Theres more to the story though. She's claiming she has rights, she can't be evicted, and she will put him in jail if he leaves her. After he told me this I put distance between me and her. Not going to his house for dinner, not gong in public with the both of them, etc. Sucks cuz he's my best bud. So anyways, the other night I go to text a different friend only to see that she's been trying to contact me on Facebook messenger. I don't have her as a friend so the messages don't get "push notified" and I never knew she was trying to contact me. Two types of messages, one saying hey I need help surprising your friend. And two, how big a piece of shit i am for saying nasty things (I've only said I don't feel comfortable around her). I haven't responded to any of the messages. When I saw this I checked online to see if she had a criminal record, needless to say she has three restraining orders against her. 2 divorces. An assault with a deadly weapon. Etc (its something like 20 filings against her). My buddy has nothing on his record and even an ex gf has reached out to him to say how good of a person he is and how cruddy she feels for him. So : 1) do I have any legal standing to file a restraining order to keep her from contacting me. 2) what about my bud? He obviously wants his name cleared, but more importantly he wants her out of his house. He's got legal counsel but his lawyer has failed to get the video in a timely fashion so they pushed the court case back. Is there anything he should be doing or avenues he should be pursuing? If clarifications are needed I'll be happy to respond. Thanks.  He has to give her a notice to vacate by a certain date (generally she has 30 days). When that doesn't happen, he goes to court to have an eviction lawsuit. Assuming that goes as planned, law enforcement will generally get involved to remove her. She may have 'refused' the notice to vacate, if that's even a thing. A lawyer should make things go easier with this process, but isn't absolutely necessary (definitely want to keep using one for the domestic abuse situation). Youre the best. Thank you I'll have to get clarification. The legal system confuses me and I've never had to deal with it. That and it didn't necessarily pertain to me, don't really want to be part of it... Just want to help my buddy if I can Clarify that he's followed the correct procedure: 1. Give the tenant written, 28-day notice that they have to vacate 2. After 28 days and no vacating, file for a formal eviction proceeding ("unlawful detainer") with the court 3. Follow the exact eviction procedure with the courts, never straying from the procedure, showing up for all court dates, until it's done You can't "refuse" and eviction. You're evicted or you're not. Notice to vacate says that X person must be out in Y days. Notice of eviction comes later, and has weight behind it. That says you're out or you're getting put out. Thanks, he's coming over later and I'll get clarification That doesn't make sense. Did he file for a formal eviction with the court, was there any kind of court hearing, and what was the result of that court hearing? If yes, and if the courts ordered her out, then his next step is to get in contact with the court and inform them that she's not complying with the eviction order. This may end up with police officers coming to the home and physically removing her from the premises. Tha ks. I'll tell her to stop contacting me and block her Thanks. It's my understanding she's refused the eviction, whatever that means 1. I don't think you've reached a threshold for a TRO at this point. 2. He should listen to his lawyer. As for getting her out of his house, she's likely established tenancy, so she would need to be given notice and possibly evicted. He filed an eviction and she refused it. Whatever that means.  Is she threatening, harassing or stalking you? You don't get a restraining order over rude facebook messages alone, even if the sender has a criminal record. A more appropriate remedy is to block her. He should have an attorney help with the domestic assault charges. There's not much more to say about that, especially as he already has one. He'll also have to go through the eviction process - notice to vacate, then a formal eviction through the courts - if he wants his ex to leave and she won't vacate. 1. Maybe. First and foremost you need to tell her to stop contacting you and block her on all platforms. Then, past that, if she continues to harass you, you may be able to seek a no-contact or restraining order. Easiest, simplest, and quickest resolution is to simply block and ignore and continue to block and ignore. 2. He can serve her written, 28-day notice to vacate, and if she fails to vacate after those 28 days, he can file for a formal eviction with the courts. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.