 I have sole physical custody of our children but we share primary custody (court ordered). Their father has them 18% of the time. My 11 year old son needs surgery on his leg and foot because it turns outward. I have taken him to 4 appointments and 2 different doctors at the Children's hospital that have said he needs the surgery. His father was informed of the appointments and what was said. He also has access to our son's online chart and can send messages to either Doctor. When I first (November 2018) informed his father that he needed the surgery, he said not to schedule anything until he talks to the Doctor and can ask questions. That was after the first 2 appointments at the end of last year, he was invited to the 3rd appointment (January) and knew about the 4th (yesterday). I now have the ability to schedule the surgery and informed him that he can come to the pre-op appointment or send a message to the doctor if he has questions. Again he says he does not give permission for me to schedule the surgery until he talks to the doctor. Our son would also prefer to have the surgery before summer so he isn't in a cast for 6 weeks in the Southern California heat. What are my options? Can I schedule the surgery and inform him of the date and that he needs to talk to the doctor before then? I know he won't want to go to court (or pay his lawyer) but he loves drama so he will drag this out if possible. He did something similar when he never contacted the psychologist that was supposed to see our autistic daughter and wouldn't treat her without both parents permission.  Thank you, the attorney is out until Monday and his paralegal suggested that I make the surgery appointment and then inform his father of the dates and tell him he needs to speak to the doctor before then. We are not looking to have the surgery until the end of April so that would give him plenty of time to speak to the doctor. He is just trying to be controlling and I wanted to make sure there won't be backlash if I schedule the surgery when he told me he "doesn't give permission to schedule the surgery". We use OurFamilyWizard to communicate so I have documentation of my many messages. You should talk to the family attorney you used during the divorce/custody case and ask them what to do when the other parent won't make a medical decision. You may wind up in court, but if it's medically necessary and you've been making earnest efforts to inform him so he can be a part of the decision, a judge will look more unfavorably upon him.  The court order says that the "parties shall share joint legal custody, which means that the parties shall share the right to make decisions relating to the health, education, and welfare of the children (names) and consult each other regarding the enrollment, disenrollment in school, beginning/ending mental health services, and selection or changes of a doctor, dentist, or other health professional."  What does your custody order say about medical decision making? 