 About two to three months ago I received a call from a officer, he told me to stop contacting a person or further punishment will happen such as charges and some sort of anger management help. Fast forward a month since that call the person who I was harassing told me to pay them four thousand dollars and no charges will be pressed. I’ve started to pay them but I feel as if that I shouldn’t have to if I stopped when I was told to stop. This person further stated saying I already have a ten thousand dollar charge on my record already and that if I don’t pay she will add on to that. I was never contacted after the first call about me being charged with anything. I recently blocked this person on social media and now receiving text from them. I was wondering if I should be worried that I’m still at risk or being charged even though I was left off with a warning or am I better off paying? : I know the girl personally and I verified that the officer is indeed a real person. The girl lives in California I live in Florida. I know I was left off with a warning but she is still trying to extort me for money. I did get caught with harassment but was left with a warning. Can I still be charged or sued?  Yeah I’ll look into getting a lawyer and seeing all my possibilities here This is not binding on them. They can lie to you and they can still charge you later. You shouldn't consider this to be over; even if it probably is, better safe than sorry. No I was just left off with a warning he said next time I contact her in a harassing manner then I would be charged It sounds like you haven't even been charged yet, right? Anything you say can be used against you, which could make the prosecution's case easier if you are taken to court over this. And, if their case is easier, the plea deal they offer you will be worse. I was already caught by the harassment sadly Without incriminating themselves about the harassment though I contacted the station a week later and asked the officer about the report and the whole situation about the harassment  I did stop and the police said if I didn’t then charges would be pressed. But I haven’t contacted the girl anymore besides when she demands money.  This is a complete scam, you should not have paid a cent and should cease payment immediately. What they did is extortion and you can report them to the police for that (but you shouldn't incriminate yourself, so be careful and consult with a lawyer first if you want to do this). As for the harassment, did you do that? And are you still doing that? If so, you should stop immediately and it might be a good idea to consult with a criminal defense attorney to prepare for possible charges. If the police contacts you, don't tell them anything without discussing it with your lawyer first. I did verify. I contacted the police station a week later and asked about the officer and the report he made on the issue  NAL But thats blackmail call the cops and report her. You don’t have to pay anything without a court order. Even if the officer is a real person, how do you know it was them you spoke to. You should report this to the police. 