 7 years ago I went into business with a partner to sell digital products online. I invested some money, he invested his time, and the deal was I would get 35% ownership and he 65%. Long story short the product didn't take off, we never sold a single product and he basically disappeared. I was pretty upset as I lost about $20,000. Fast forward to today, I find out he went into business with another partner 2 years ago selling basically the same product under a different business name product name. They have a few employees and appear to be doing well. My question is, does my investment entitle me to shares of this new company? Also, is this outside the statute of limitations time period to file? It's more likely than not that you are out your money and equity. Of course look into it especially by checking your secretary of state website and look up your old company name and the name of the current company they're running. If they're different, their is probably nothing you can do, at least legally. You were an investor in a tech startup. Tech startups fail most of the time and the investors are out their money. The entrepreneur isn't a slave to the investor and has a right to figure out how to make money in the future, even if it's almost the exact same thing. As long as they gave it an honest shot while using your money there isn't going to be much you can legally do. How good of terms are you on with this person? If you approached them and asked for some equity to make up for the past investment that went wrong that would be ok to try. "Hey I know you don't owe me this but would you be willing to give me some equity in the newco to help me recoup what I invested in oldco?" I've seen things like that work out. Just to clarify first: if we’re talking about software, the IP would be the copyright (i.e., software code) and any trademarks/trade names developed for the software. There are software patents, but it doesn’t sound like that applies here (without knowing more info). However, if your joint venture was created to develop, say, a piece of software that converted Word documents to PDFs, you may be entitled to rights in software that does just that even if your partner scrapped original code and started from scratch later down the road. Without knowing more, I would think that your partner could not cut you out of equity simply by changing the name of the software, or changing the code (even drastically), especially since you were not responsible for any of the software development per your OA. Philly is known for having great law firms that specialize in tech and IP. There are plenty of large law firms with good IP practices, and tons of IP boutiques. You can also reach out to your local bar association or law school (they may have a clinic). If your OA has a choice of forum clause, check to see which jurisdiction applies. Since IP may be at issue here, you could technically hire any firm to represent you since IP is largely governed by federal law (for example, I am located in NYC, but have handled IP matters in other jurisdictions). Your states bar association. The only piece of the software I have are design images he emailed me. The new product is a different design. Unfortunately, I have no way of knowing whether any of the code he wrote is the same. What's the best way to find a lawyer who understands partnerships and tech startups? I assume I'll need to find one who practices in my state. Another poster mentioned "fiduciary responsibility" if the company was never dissolved. I don't believe we ever officially terminated the business. Could this be a case?  Ok, but is the same IP involved in both versions of the product? You may have a claim to existing IP if your contribution to the joint venture was to fund its creation. It sounds like you need an attorney to help preserve your rights.  I’m not sure you have a case. Unless you made him sign some sort of non-compete disclosure. Its hard to stop someone from going to work. Especially if they didn’t steal intellectual property from you.  [deleted] No there is no patents or intellectual property stated in any of our paperwork. What's the best way to find a lawyer who understands partnerships and tech startups? Yes, the contract states that he would be making "mobile games for iOS and Android". The games for his new company are different than the ones he created for our company. There is nothing mentioned in the OA or written agreement about intellectual property. It's worth consulting a lawyer. Its going to be very fact dependent, but if he creates this product while working for your company then the product may be property of your company, and by selling it at a second company he's stealing your companies intelectual property. But like I said, it's very fact dependent. How did you setup the company, what did it say about ownership of intellectual property? What happened when the company failed? Is the product he's selling actually the same, or is it just similar but not enough to be considered property of your old company? So all of that will go into whether you have a case or not. If you do, you're going to need a lawyer to sue him. Many will give you a free consultation and say whether it's worth looking into further. I am a lawyer and deal with these types of partnership disputes all the time. The operating agreement will give some guidance, but so will standard joint venture and contract principals. Is there any IP involved? Poor analogy. It’s more like OP bought the flour and years later his former partner is making it into cupcakes.  There really isn't enough here to formulate an opinion. We need to know more about the contract terms, the product, the company. There are successor in interest laws that might entitle you to something, but they also might not. If you started a company selling Rick and Morty t-shirt that failed but now he's selling sci fi t-shirts, that's probably a different company. But if he was selling pink Rick and Morty t-shirts and not he's selling black Rick and Morty t-shirts that could be just a continuation of the past company.  [removed] Did the original company close down? Officially dissolve? If the company still exists on paper as the owner he'd have a fiduciary responsibility to you as the share holder and should be suing himself, since he's not I'd say you should speak to a lawyer. I'd speak to one anyway to be honest. Wouldn't and shares and kick backs also give control over intellectual property of the company and the use of it?.  did you guys get a patent for this product? NAL, In your contract does it discuss what product you would be making? And does that product match the description to what he is making now?  The only thing we have is a single paper covering what work would be done, what amount would be invested, and how the shares would be split (35/65). We also had a simple operating agreement (probably a template), but I don't see anything in the operating agreement about something like this. What does your contract state?