 Hi guys, First post so please forgive me for any mistakes before hand. I live in NYC, and back in June 2018, I moved into a new apartment from an ad I had seen on FB. It was a basement in a 2FL apartment that I was to share with a guy I'll call "Wilson" who would take over the room on the top floor. The guy who had shown me the place as well as another representative of the leasing company had told me that my share of the rent would be $1300 and that the other roommate would pay the rest. So I signed a lease through email with Wilson's name in it. All of this a couple of weeks before I'm supposed to move in. Move in day comes, and turns out im moving in with complete different people. A young couple who turned out to be a great roommate match for me but were definitely not the "Wilson" guy that was talked about. About a week later, we get a final copy of the lease where the Wilson name has clearly been white out manually and handwritten over with the names of my unexpected 2 new roommates. The problem appeared this week when the leasing company send us a ledger stating that we owe rent while we have always paid on time and have been good tenants overall. So while going over it with my roommates, turns out that, like me, they were told that their share of the rent would be $1100 for their room and the rest would be taken care of by the other roommate (me) but the final lease that we signed was for a total rent of $2800 not $2400 like we have been paying since then. So now all of that extra amount that has been unpaid for has been adding since June and they are expecting us to pay for it. I don't even know if it is legal, and I know we are screwed since our signature is on the lease, but I wonder If the lease is even valid since that was not the lease I signed and sent to them (the one I signed had Wilsons name) and I have proof of that???? I also have the original facebook add for my basement where it is listed for $1300, the texts from the first representative of the leasing office stating my share of the rent, and an email from another representative corroborating my share as well. Is there anything we can do? I know there must be plenty of shit landlord stories from NYC but all helped is appreciated. Thanks! Both parties need to agree to the terms of a contract. Does the lease include any provisions on amendments? make sure you have a few copies of the lease squirreled away in other places other than the place LL has access to it. (google drive) e-mails, work ect ect. So if they try to take the one you have you still have back ups.  Typically speaking, landlords cannot alter the terms of a lease unless both parties agree to it. The sole exception I have personally encountered was a legislative change regarding security deposits. Before we had 14 days, and the law changed saying we now had 21 days. Ergo, we had to add an addendum to the leases. However, things such as changes in rent, fees, utilities covered, etc, must be signed by both parties. I would email them back letting them know that you have the original lease that doesn't have the changes they claim. I would word it in such a way that you imply it must have been by accident on their part, even though I doubt that is the case.  Yeah, I have the original lease with Wilson's name in it and the email where I sent it. Do you have the original, unaltered lease? Also, any modifications have to be initialed and dated. At least that's my knowledge of American tenant law. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.