  Against my wishes, and against my advice, my brother (31) bought my mother (59) a yellow lab puppy that i KNEW she wouldnt be able to properly care for in Nassau Long Island. I live and work an hour away in Rockland New York, and my brother lives and works 3 hours away in PA. My mother quickly realized i was right, and the dog, Zac, immediately became too much for her. She works 50-60 hour weeks, and devotes nearly NO time to this sweet, eager to please dog. So right away i have been working to place the dog, but have been met with resistance from my stubborn and outright selfish brother, who does literally NOTHING to care for Zac. I try to help any way i can, but it is at most 1 day a week if that, that i can spend with Zac. Otherwise he spends his ENTIRE day in the kennel, which he is quickly getting to big for. What makes matters far worse, is that the dog knocked my grandmother over while she was taking him to the bathroom, an incident that i PREDICTED was going to happen, and she was and is currently hospitalized. My brother continues to refuse to do anything to care for Zac OR let my mom find a home for him regardless of this incident. I want to find a home for Zac, who is still only 3 months old, where he can be happy and appropriately cared for. I dont know what my options are because of my brother being so stubborn, but i am willing to take legal action along with my mother to either force him to care for the dog, or to gain legal custody. I truly wish i could take on the responsibility and care for him. But i work too much and have an old Collie shepherd mix who is in her last years that cannot handle Zacs energy. Please reply Thank you.  This is one of those situations where the other party (your brother) is being manipulative and obstructive to the extent that he's made it seem as if he has actual rights that would be violated by your side (you and your mom) doing something he doesn't want you to do. I hope this is a freeing realization. Please contact a local rescue group and ask about rehoming. Like I said, Zac absolutely will find a good home--the rescue will have its pick of fosters and adopters coming out of the woodwork for a three-month-old Lab puppy.  Your brother has zero ability to block a rehoming if the dog was a gift. On the same token, you cannot force your mom to rehome if she doesn't want to. But you're on the right track. Your mom can and should tell brother to buzz off and find a better home for the dog if that is what she wants  Taking the dog to a local no-kill shelter or rescue organization so that this dog can be adopted by someone who is capable of caring for it properly.  Contact a local rescue--you might even look around to see if there's a local or regional rescue group for Labs/Lab crosses--and explain the situation and see what their procedures are. He absolutely will find a good home. Yes it was a gift! i was wondering if this was the case as he did make the purchase. I will work on this for sure thank you I can see how what your saying is logically accurate, but it is my problem in the regard that the dog and my mother are suffering. She doesnt know what to do. What arrangements are you referring to? Did your brother give your mom the dog? If that's the case, he has literally no say in her decision to rehome him. Contact a rescue and let him moan about it from three hours away. Your mother is a grown woman. If she wants to make other arrangements for the dog, she is well within her right to do so especially since the dog was a gift from her son. Frankly, it’s not your problem.