 Up until the 5th grade, my mom would watch me in the shower and make me scrub my body and count while in the shower. I could understand maybe if i was younger, but why the counting? In high school she would even ask me if I "washed well" tf does that even mean? she is an ocd abusive sociopathic germaphobe to give you context.  I'm stuck assuming that because despite being told in three separate places to post your location and being reminded by a bot to do so, you failed to do so. Reddit is an American website and the majority of the participants here are American. If you're in Diego Garcia, Sri Lanka, or some other place there is no way to know that or reason to suspect that. Best of luck. Girls can smell bad too, we are not genetically predisposed to emit the scent of roses from our sweat glands. Perhaps your mom was just trying to find a kind way of preventing you from being humiliated or ridiculed by your peers? I'm not saying this to be mean, but people with strong odors tend to not smell it themselves. Perhaps you should have a conversation with her about your concerns.  I'm saying that the sentence "but I didn't.. infact what is that is a cover up just to be creepy" is an incoherent sentence. It makes no sense. I'm also saying that kids often smell. Walk into an elementary school - the places typically stink. There is a reason why schools teach hygiene at that age. Your proof of abuse / basis for suspicion is that your parent asks you infrequently if you shower. If you have more than that, feel free to describe it here or to a trusted adult. Um, sounds like she’s being a parent. She was making sure you cleaned yourself properly— there is a PROPER way to shower. The counting isn’t creepy, parents do the same for when their kids brush their teeth to make sure they brushed long enough to actually get clean. What you said doesn’t make sense and it doesn’t seem to be an act of pedophilia. Edit: to add. You know she’s OCD and a germophobe. The counting is most likely from the OCD as well i.e. some people with OCD need to lock their doors ten times to feel safe.  i love how you automatically assume everyone is american. .we don't have cps here. the world doesn't revolve around your shithole country just so you know. you sound like an abuser tbh. denying and invalidating peoples experiences. you don't know the full story. but you were in the military which is full of abusers, makes sense.  What you wrote makes no sense. When I was in the military I had a shocking number of junior service members who did not know how to shower. This is after boot camp. Setting up a "shower watch" to make people log into a shower, stay in for a minimum period of time, and having a grown adult check to make sure they are using soap is humiliating and absolutely the only way for some people not to stink. If you're concerned that you're a victim of sexual exploitation call CPS or tell a teacher. It sounds like your mom made you wash yourself until you were 10 and occasionally asks if you cleaned yourself (maybe you do smell). That isn't a basis for abuse. She thinks or was told by others that you stink. So she made sure you cleaned yourself more effectively.  i don't smell bad im a girl ffs but I didn't.. infact what is that is a cover up just to be creepy..  4th grade kids often stink because they don't clean. If you weren't cleaning yourself effectively this may have been the only way to remedy the problem. Asking if you "washed well" is asking if you used soap because it's possible you're filthy and she thinks you just stood under a shower and got out after a few seconds. This may be a case of "covert sexual incest" or a case of "overt you smell like shit if you're trusted to clean yourself." She was probably just making sure you washed long enough. Sounds germophobic but if nothing else occurred then it probably didn't break any laws.