 I'll try to keep this to only the necessary information. But I'm willing to go into any detail to get the most accurate answer, so if more is required, please let me know. Thanks ahead of time! I have a civil judgement against my ex in the amount of $5000.00 which I won in small claims court. This was in March. He has not paid a penny. I have no contact with him, he didn't even show up to court. How can I collect? I've tried reaching out via text, email, etc. He is a gambling addict and likely doesnt stay anywhere too long (although I dont know where hes currently living so I could be wrong about that.) I just want to be made whole financially. I dont know where hes living or working. Someone I know mentioned that I couldn't move forward without that information, so I'd be forced to hire a private investigator to get that, which I'd rather not spend excess money on, but if I have to than I will. I'm hoping for either lump sum, garnished wages, or property (ie his car for me to sell.) Unfortunately I'm out much more than the 5 grand, but that was the county's statutory maximum, so this money is quite dire to try to recover what he did. Any advice? Thank you guys so much. I seriously really appreciate your help in this difficult time.  Judgment collection is an art that even many civil law practitioners are unfamiliar with. The first thing to do is to make sure that the judgment is recorded. Ask the clerk of court of whatever court granted you the judgment whether you are required to prepare the judgment to be entered or if they do so (and what it costs if they do it). Once it gets entered, you have to serve a copy of the entered judgment and a notice of entry upon the judgment debtor (your ex), and file proof of that service with the court. Until you do this his time to appeal has not begun. So, sooner done is better done. Once that is done, you can garnish his wages and/or levy on his bank account (assuming you know where he works /keeps his money); the clerk's office will have the necessary forms. 