 I’m 22. My gf ordered fake IDs online for her and her roommates. We’re in Wisconsin. Her address and name are on the order and she told me that the fake ID sender said the package is being investigated by customs. I’m trying to keep her calm, but she’s panicking. I think she’ll be fine. I told her not to sign for any packages that may arrive in the next few days... Should police or someone contact her, what should she do? Reddit has never let me down, thanks guys haha She should stop reaching out to the seller, and get a lawyer if the police or FBI contact her. She should stop doing illegal stuff, especially things where is looks like she's running a business to sell fake IDs. It's probably just a scam and the IDs will not show up and nothing will happen. Well: your friend asked someone to make a bunch of fake IDs and almost certainly sent a non-refundable payment over to them for the service. They decided, somehow and some way from the details your friend gave them, that your friend was young and not connected through the kinds of communities where one looks bad not following through on a sale of illegal goods. This person may or may not have ever been able to make fake IDs. They calculated that the risk of your friend making their lives harder by raising a stink about the order was 0, and they decided it would be easier to lead your friend on indefinitely by making up a story about customs and the post office and blah blah blah until your friend was either 1. Exasperated and gave up or 2. Stupid enough to place another order with them. Edit: she should definitely NOT place another order. What they're asking is if she actually has a legitimately verifiable tracking number, or if the place she paid is feeding her the info Can you elaborate on the scamming and how it works? I (luckily) never have purchased a fake ID through the mail and don’t fully understand. Thanks.  She needs to stop ordering illegal materials through the mail. Did she ever have tracking? This is an extremely common scam for people (like your gf) who are gullible enough to put their actual name and address on a package full of extremely illegal goods. If they're telling the truth and not just scamming some kids, you will receive a letter asking you to come down and claim your package. Don't do that.