 So my father passed away in 2006. I found out last week that he had rights to property that my great aunt had due to next of kin. My aunt called me to ask me to sign my rights to her so she could take control of property. I want to refuse and want options to buy property. My dad had 4 sisters and 2 brothers one aunt passed away and her rights were divided amongst her children. She wants to live there and repair property but so do me and my sister? How can we battle for property?  So your great-aunt's only sibling was your grandparent, and so the only heirs are the descendants of that grandparent? If that's the case, then the estate would be split seven ways (assuming all seven are either alive or have living descendants), with the children of the deceased siblings splitting their parent's share. You'd therefore have 1/14th, and your sister would also have 1/14th, adding up to your father's 1/7th. Somebody will need to take charge of the estate to deal with the property, and it sounds like your aunt has taken that role. Texas allows small estates to be settled by affidavit in most circumstances rather than requiring formal probate. That may be what your aunt is pursuing. She needs to get your signature on the affidavit. You don't have to agree. Is she offering to buy out your rights, or just asking you for a gift? Whether or not you should give up depends mostly on how strongly you want the property, how much fighting you're willing to do, how much you value your relationship with your aunt and any of the rest of the family who want her to have it, how much you're willing to pay, etc., none of which I can answer for you. If you were to approach the rest of the family and tell them you want to purchase the property and are willing to pay them their proportionate share of the $7000 you figure it's worth, how would they react? If you can't get everybody to agree to sell it to you, your next option is to consult a local real estate attorney and ask about the process to force a partition sale.  I’m in Texas. Thank you for your advice and input I really appreciate it. The rights your father had, when he passed, would be passed through his will or through the law of intestate succession. Basically, it's not your dad's anymore. It's evenly split between... whoever it should belong to. I don't know what state you're in, so it's tough to give you an answer.  Is your great-aunt still alive, or did she die and leave the property to Aunt, or is it being divided among her heirs pursuant to your state's rules of intestate succession? (It sounds like the last, but let's be sure.) correct rules of intestate succession How many people now have rights to the property? If it's your dad's five surviving siblings, plus you and your sister and the children of your late aunt, that's how many people would need to agree to you taking control. What are their positions? Assuming your great-aunt is dead, who is the executor of her estate? 6 rights for siblings and my father 3 have passed and have 10 child successors. My great aunt had no children and never establish a will or executor Probably you could force a partition sale of the property through the court, where it is listed for sale or auction and you buy it on the open market. You'll likely want an attorney for that. So the property value after taxes owed is $7000. Not much house is run down now I don’t think my rights are equal share as my aunts and uncle but with my mother and sister combined they might be 1/7th. My aunt wants me to sign my rights to her and I want to make an effort to purchase the property should I or should I give up?  Is your great-aunt still alive, or did she die and leave the property to Aunt, or is it being divided among her heirs pursuant to your state's rules of intestate succession? (It sounds like the last, but let's be sure.) How many people now have rights to the property? If it's your dad's five surviving siblings, plus you and your sister and the children of your late aunt, that's how many people would need to agree to you taking control. What are their positions? Assuming your great-aunt is dead, who is the executor of her estate? Probably you could force a partition sale of the property through the court, where it is listed for sale or auction and you buy it on the open market. You'll likely want an attorney for that.  Wouldn’t you and your sister be considered your father’s next of kin? You might check with your state’s estate and probate laws, but I think your aunt is not entitled to his land to the exclusion of you and your sister, unless it was specifically stated in his will. 