 My landlord has truly reached the final straw and I’m hoping some of you could help. I’ve had a strong suspicion that she’s been entering my room while I’m gone for a while now. Certain lights would be turned on that I had left off, etc. However, this morning I was able to confirm this suspicion. A friend is borrowing my car, which probably made it look like I wasn’t home. My landlord came busting into my room at 7am and woke me up. She seemed alarm when I rolled over and she realized I was there and she left. I rent a bedroom inside of her house, so I don’t have an actual unit. Unfortunately, I couldn’t find anything in my rental agreement that explicitly says she can’t enter without permission, but given that I’m renting the room from her I’m hoping that this is somehow implied. If it matters, I live in Hawaii. Thanks in advance to anyone that might know how to help! Well, now that she knows you know, it should be easy to broach. Just say "hey, so about this morning ... if there's some reason you need to go in my room I'm happy to address that." If she's doing it for some reason - trying to close blinds, turn off lights - then you can address that. Or, if she's just snooping, this gives her an out without being confrontational. Not yet. Before this morning I thought maybe I was just being paranoid. But now that I know for sure I’m going to have to... I’m kind of dreading it. I’m very non confrontational. But even more than that I’m not ok with her just walking in whenever she so pleases! Even if she lives elsewhere in the unit, she owes you proper notice (or a very good reason) before entry to the bedroom that you exclusively rent. Have you spoken to her about this? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.