 I currently rent a room I a 6 bed house share, each tennat has signed their own separate lease. Each tennant was told when viewing the flat that the landlord was going to buy a tv for the living room and pay for fortnightly cleaners for the shared areas. Since then the letting agent has used these as 'we didn't have to do this but we did anyway' type of bargaining chips, and has threatened to remove these. My question is that can they actually get rid of them? Whilst I know they're not contractually bound to provide these, all the tenants made the decision to sign the lease based on what we were told, would taking these out without reason be anything more than just an underhanded way of conducting business? They've also tried to get tenants to do certain things, like not keep any personal belongings in any shared areas (no playstation connected to the TV, and no handbags etc left in the shared areas overnight and to always keep our bedroom doors locked etc etc) by telling us we're bound by our contracts to do all these things. As soon as we said we wanted to see the part of the contract that stated this, they admitted that it didn't exist. All of this is pretty shitty and a disingenuous way of going about business, but can we actually do anything to tell them to stop or we'll do 'X' (ask for remuneration, demand reduced rent etc) We don't really want to do any of that, we just want to have our own stuff in the living room if we want, leave our bedroom doors unlocked if we want, and play on our PlayStations if we want, without being badgered by the letting agents, as none of this is affecting anyone else's experience in the house or breaking any parts of our contract. This is in England btw.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.