 I have been looking to start pitching my advertising skills to local businesses, but I have a few questions that I feel I need to know the answers to to continue 1.) What makes a contract legally binding? Can I just make a contract that is as simple as I work for you and you pay me X amount a month? 2.) Do I even need a contract for this? Can they just agree to pay me an amount per month for my work? Can they just simply have some form of writing where they agreed to this and it be legally binding? thanks again! you're a beast dude There are a few ways to go about a late fee, a flat fee per week is certainly one, though your state may have limits because some places call that a form of interest. Another would be including court costs, if you forsee your claims being small enough for small claims court and you are a sole proprietorship then you can often use small claims court as opposed to more expensive methods. If that isn't an option then you can include court costs and lawyer fees to be paid by the business of you end up I court. As to fees for partial performance, you can set a cancellation fee in the contract or in case they want to back out offer to convert work already done to a reasonable hourly rate. The thing about contracts is that it's all a negotiation between you and them, unless a term is blatantly against the law or public interest the courts will try to keep it as intact as possible as a general principle-- so long as you're not behaving in such a manner a judge gets a real desire to stick it to you, and that is exceedingly rare, usually in cases where a company is obviously shady and trying to rely on dubious contracts to steal people's money. So between two businesses the courts usually assume that you both went in eyes open and negotiated in good faith and will try to keep the contract intact. As a result the more your work is worth the more you can ask for, plus reasonable businesses have no issue with things like paying court costs in case of default, because they don't plan to default on their invoices! I know this thread is old, however i've been making rough drafts of a contract and was wondering what you mean by "Specify damages for non-payment or late cancellations. If you do end up in court you have to make chasing a bad debt worth your time, a collection fee, for instance on unpaid invoices more than 90 days old. Otherwise you can end up having to let money go because the cost to collect from a deadbeat is more than the profit." ? By wondering, I mean how would you do this? Surely you couldn't say something like "if i do not receive payment within 10 business days, there will be a $50 fee every week after that "? Also, how would I ensure I had enough of a fee to make sure it was worth pursuing? Would a court take a $500 fee seriously for a payment that was ( hypothetically ) $200? I hang out with a lot of creative workers and freelancers and I've seen their pain... Oh and one more thing-- save yourself some leverage by reserving all IP rights until payment is received, that way you have some recourse if they refuse to pay but still use your work you can use the DMCA to take down their stuff, contact advertisers directly to dispute their use of your work, etc. without having to go to court first. If they own the product before they've paid then you're really just hoping they're decent and pay up, not all customers are decent, and there's a VERY high overlap between "will save a buck any way they can, has no understanding of law and contracts, and is used to taking shady, semi-illegal and downright fraudulent ways to reduce their costs" and "small business owners" In businesses like restaurants that overlap approaches 100%.  This reply was extremely in depth thank you so much ! Contracts require four elements (with a 5th that may or may not be optional) 1) offer-- a promise or promises to perform an action or not perform an action. For instance. "I will make you a marketing plan and copy for a print and social media campaign, not to exceed 5 hours of work time." 2) acceptance-- an agreement to the terms usually by signing the contract, by both parties. 3) consideration-- something many people fail to realize, a contract is only valid if you get something of value for it. For example "in exchange you will pay me 200 dollars". 4) Mutuality of obligation-- both parties are bound by the contract, you can't have a contract that only obligates one party. In your example this would be of you had a contract where they only pay you if they like your work (terrible deal for you, but it would also make the entire contract questionable). Basically this is tied to consideration, the contract has to be "something for something". 5) written instrument-- some contracts absolutely require a written contract and cannot be oral (real estate and intellectual property for one), but usually oral contracts are good enough. They are, however, a terrible idea. Get it in writing. Some practical advice for you, for a freelancer using contracts: Be specific. Contracts should specify not just what, but how much, when and where, on both terms. Save yourself a world of pain with clients by specifying details. Don't just say "in exchange, [business name] will pay 200 dollars". Specify how you will take payment and by when, "in exchange for 200 dollars to be paid by cash or check drawn from a corporate account, within 10 business days from the date the work is finished." Otherwise many small businesses, and even large ones, will give you hassles about paying up in a timely manner. Include how much work you will do, otherwise you will get stuck in endless rounds of revisions from picky people. Especially small business owners, who are used to having every decision done their way, or other creative types that are used to trying 10 different fonts before they settle on one they like. Set limits on hours of work they get before you charge an hourly rate for additional revisions or work. Set limits on the number of proofs and edits included in the base price. In that vein, give a structure for communication and check-ins, or people that are used to micro- managing employees will try the same on you. Spell out the stages at which they will be shown concepts or proofs, that you will have them sign off on. It gets harder for them not to pay at the end because they didn't like what you did when they've signed off on ad copy, concepts and mock-ups, and final proofs then suddenly claim it's all wrong and they won't take it or pay for it. Also specify timeliness, for instance that they'll have 3 or 5 business days to submit change requests with feedback or sign off on a checkpoint. Likewise, specify for yourself how quickly you will respond to e-mails and voicemail or calls, otherwise people who are used to salaried employees checking their email and making it a top priority even on weekend evenings will get upset when you don't respond to the mail they sent at 8:00pm on a friday until Monday or Tuesday. Make these standards sufficient to allow you to juggle multiple accounts at once if they all decide to have demands at the same time, so you can keep your revenue flowing. Schedule out meetings and specify how much you will charge if they take too much time. It's reasonable to want to check your progress with in-person meetings, but if you allow them to, they can take an interminable amount of time. A corporate culture of "speaking to be seen" and bosses that love the sound of their own voice can turn a "quick check in" into three hours of your valuable time you're not getting paid for otherwise. Specify damages for non-payment or late cancellations. If you do end up in court you have to make chasing a bad debt worth your time, a collection fee, for instance on unpaid invoices more than 90 days old. Otherwise you can end up having to let money go because the cost to collect from a deadbeat is more than the profit. edit: I forgot about the second part of your question. No, that doesn't work. "I work for you (for an indeterminate period of time) and you pay me X amount of money per month" is basically just regular W-2 employment. It would make you a statutory employee of their business, bound under their HR regulations, able to be fired at-will, and subject to everything else about a normal employment condition. You sound like you want to maintain and independent contractor relationship, that is basically a strictly pay-for-play relationship where they pay you an amount for work to be done. Now that COULD be "I spend 40 hours on a project for you" it doesn't have to be "I complete X". It's worth talking to a lawyer though because there are limits and requirements. Also I don't know of any business that would accept someone coming up to THEM saying "I want to be a W-2 employee with a contract here it is" and would agree to that because then they'd be liable for unemployment insurance, worker's comp insurance, and everything else that goes along with a W-2 employee but that does NOT apply for a contract employee okay thank you, that clears it up I believe. Legally binding contract can be anything as long as it has agreement and consideration, even oral agreement is legally binding contract, although it's harder to verify an oral agreement exists. Like hopping in a taxi to drive somewhere is a legally binding oral contract. The question seems a bit too vague. As far as advertising goes it might get complicated to draft a contract, where it's easy to verify you have done your part, unless that contract is very explicit and narrow in scope. 