 So my girlfriend has a really shitty, felon ex that just up and left her, took her car, $10,000, all of her stuff... She tried to make a police report and the police called her a crazy ex, and refused to file it. Now we just found out about this sprint bill, and I 100% refuse to pay any of it. She wants to pay it but fuck that. I said we need to file a police report bc it's a felony and contact credit bureaus, freeze the credit. Say that her social security number was stolen, etc. She said she has done that, froze her credit, and sprint refuses to do anything because we "can't prove it wasn't her, he had her social and a government issued ID". I say file a police report and push it and get him locked up, but she says she should just quietly pay it off and be done with it all.. advice? I want to preface this with I'm not trying to attack you, and sorry if I come across as a dick. Also pointing out, NAL. Any time someone says they have a crazy ex, that ex can say the same thing. Having a crazy ex isn't a one way street, there's usually crazy on both sides. Having said that, there's a lot of flags going up. First flag here is that the police calling her crazy and refusing to file a police report for what appears to be, at a very minimum, felony theft. I mean, you got the paraphrased version, but if they refused to take the report, there had to be a reason, it's entirely possible she never filed. For the Sprint bill, how did you find out about it? Was it billed to your address? Did you find it on a credit report as unpaid? Did you find it in a pile of unpaid bills on the dining room table? Did Sprint give you a call, if so followup, how did they know your number? As far as the bill being $1600, what all is on that bill? Is that all for devices? Is that unpaid services for several months? Are there a lot of accessories? How many lines of service? Is there usage on the phone (more followup on this question later)? You replied to someone stating that the Ex left your GF for someone who looks similar. Did your GF tell you this? Have you seen pics of the new GF? This is a huge red flag if you've never seen the new GF and you're just taking her at her word to explain the Sprint bill. Because if this was created in a store, they would need to present photo ID to create the account. Given that your GF's Ex seems to be male, it would be very hard for him to create an account in her name with her ID, unless he's a fabulous makeup artist. You're going to want to look into getting a lawyer if any of this is even remotely true. It would be rather easy to prove it wasn't her using her own cell phone. Did she have any activity on her phone at the time the line(s) of service were created with Sprint? Where was that activity? Is there activity on the Sprint line(s)? Does that activity match her own service? Does any call/sms data on Sprint match up with her service provider? If any of this match up, you need to become her next ex, and you need to do it yesterday. Why does she want to pay Sprint? Is she afraid of him? Does she sympathize with him somehow, even though she seems to be indicating he's screwed her over pretty bad? There just seems to be a lot more that you didn't include in your original post. If you're intentionally withholding information, I'm not going to pester you for it, you have your reasons. But with what you've posted, I would get far away from your GF because it's entirely possible she's the crazy one. You really can't force her to file a police report, and I'm not sure on the legality of you filing for her. If she had over $10k worth of property stolen, she needs to report that. If someone created a false mobile phone plan in her name, she needs to report that. She needs to fight Sprint. At this point you should start looking to safeguard your financials in case her ex isn't the one that is causing these problems. TL;DR Look deeper into the situation to determine who's actually responsible File a police report for identity theft, not that her ex stole her identity but that somebody stole it. Do NOT pay any of the debt, it will be admitting that it is legit. Dispute the debt every which way possible. Also, do NOT contact the ex about the situation as it could taint any case against him. Yeah, her ex got actually left her to go to NC for another girl he met online like a year before he left, and she looks pretty similar to my gf. She thinks that's what they did but we really don't have much proof. Or the ex found someone who looks like her to set it up.  Take it to State Police if local PD won’t help. ,4643,7-123-72297_41992_72431---,00.html There’s no way that whoever set up the Sprint account would do it for him if she wasn’t present. I used to work with mobile phones and it’s 100% required that the person the account is under puts in their SSN and shows their photo ID. I highly doubt that he’d be able to claim that it was him in the picture. That or the person who set up the account was helping the ex commit identify theft. And how do you know those two points are even true? My guess is if that is all of the evidence that explains the laughing.  I don't think she actually called them  How do either of those suggest it's him? Shes lying to you op. Its her own debt or a shared debt with her ex in her name. Red flag bro... Ok, you know what to do then. Good luck! Yeah i agree. I've thought of that on numerous occasions. I don't think she ever tried to file a report before. But as far as the sprint thing goes it was set up in north Carolina and she's never been there. That there's no way we can't prove it wasn't her because he had her ssn and drivers license I agree 100%. Only thing that says it was him is that 1) she's never had sprint, 2) she has never been to north carolina, where it was opened 1) Don't pay the bill. 2) Dispute the bill with Sprint. There is a mechanism for doing this for exactly these situations. 3) Call the cops in the jurisdiction where the charges were made. Be warned that the cops there may consider this a civil matter, though. Also, as a non-legal advice aside, you might want to consider the possibility that you aren't getting the full story form your girlfriend. I find it extremely hard to believe that the police refused to take a report when a report of theft of a car and thousands of dollars was reported to them. Like, someone is lying to you level of hard to believe. Unless there's more to the story you didn't recount here. . . well, just something to consider while your girlfriend is disputing these bills. What did sprint say when she called them to dispute the bill?  How do you know it was the ex? It seems like there is more to this story here and your girlfriend isn't telling you everything.  No I wouldn't start paying it. Once she starts making any payments towards it she will accept it as her debt. She needs to go back and make the police report for identity theft again. I don't understand why the police laughed at you but you need to go back.  First, if you know where he is, contact the police there, see if they will take a report over the phone. Be calm, be patient, be courteous. If the person you talk to doesn't want to deal with it, you can ask to talk to their superior, but felony fraud and identity theft is usually taken seriously. Second, contact Sprint, every time someone tells you they can't help you, ask to speak to someone higher. They have an escalation customer service group that is very good at handling these things. It may take a couple days, I had a situation similar to this (someone got into my account and charged a lot of equipment to my name), and while the wheels might be frustratingly slow, they should help you, especially if you have a police report in hand.  [removed]