 A friend of mine is dealing with an issue on a collage campus and I need legal advice for him. Students are spreading rumors about him and abusing him he states. He's suffered from depression and anxiety for a long time and he has been gaslighted by an abusive sibling since he was a child. These students are doing something similar but they won't admit it. Basically what they are doing is causing him to trip up himself by shaking him up. Then they trying getting the professors and other faculty believe them over him. Since he is out numbered and he is alone and can't communicate with anyone do to a his problems with isolation he can't get anyone to help. The students already voted him out of a course and he was forced to withdraw. I can't go on campus for him and no one can get involved for him I'm wondering if it's a good idea that he mentioned his private problems and mental issue with the dean and head of departments. Is there any legal issues he can take? I'm scared the more he tries to explain his problems the more the school will try to push him out and since these are buissiness tactics to get someone removed is there anything anyone can do for him? P. S. These students are trading favors for favor and organizing these insidents behind anyone's back away from the School but forcing him to be on the spot on campus. They communicate threw different apps.   's? Unlikely, though they can stop addressing this issue until he comes to them with more than what he has now. They may suggest he quit on his own if he really seems to be struggling, but that may be a good faith suggestion as taking a break from your academic career is easier to recover from than receiving poor marks. I think if he drops it, the administration is likely to drop it as well. Most school admins don't go looking for trouble, and are very willing to sweep things under the rug so long as they stop being their problem. Academic records only matter in academic settings, and they rarely include anything other than final marks. My academic records are still out there, but unless I go back to school, no one cares about them. It's unlikely any sort of commentary would end up in his record unless he is subject to serious academic discipline.  Let me ask you this is it possible that the school might try to push him out by making him quit on his own or give probable cause they could not keep him to save themselves in the same sense disruptive discharge work's? Can a school do this? If that is possible then I'm thinking the only action is to not make yourself a liability and it scares me to think he may have already done that by reporting to the heads of the department and the dean. If you believe that this is a possibility do you think it could blow over if he stops talking and reporting and they will just let him finish without trouble? He already reported he thinks the students labeled him a drug dealer to the dean and he told them he assumes its because he had 2 bags with him. The dean and heads of the department looked at him strange after that but told him to ignore it. Mind you he stated some other info that I gave him about the school system that he shouldn't have known for example how a department does its job to follow students they did not like that he knew this info from the looks they gave him. Should I tell him to stop talking and just communicate with the councilor as they stated and communicate with the therapist? The councler is a dick in a way because when my friend first spoke to him he made him feel stupid and then spread the conversation that was supposed to be private to his coworkers just so they can have a laugh my friend was outside the door when this happened but he couldn't say or do anything. I just want to do whatever is possible to help but I need to know how to play this by ear and not get him labeled or thrown out by anyone. I don't want them to get anything off of whisper since that entails getting a warrant and even with a warrant it's hard to prove I'm not even going to bother asking how to go down that root because I know it's nearly impossible. Since you stated recording is difficult because of many complications in it I won't bother with it the less complicated this is the better for him. Since this is for legal advice can you tell me if his academic records are permanent. For example whatever the school writes in them will they follow him the rest of his life? Can we change anything under Ferpa act? Thank you for responding to this I am sorry for asking so much I just want to see what my friends options are in this situation.  I think recording conversations is likely to make his reputation worse and expose him to further ridicule. It's also risky as he may accidentally record when it is not permissible to do so if he gets too much in the habit of recording, and this could land him in trouble. The ins and outs of recording laws can be tricky. I honestly think the best person to come up with a plan to respond to this situation is his therapist.  There is no action the school CAN take, let alone should take or have a duty to take. That's the problem. I'm not even sure what you want them to do. They can't take down Whisper, they cannot force the IP records to be turned over, and they are highly unlikely to take any serious action against other students unless it can be shown that those students are responsible for the posts. How is the school supposed to solve this situation? He isn't using the app he doesn't even know it exists I never even told him what I did because I was afraid it might affect him more. I stated this up above as well I'm afraid these students might lead someone to him that could do something crazy the app records ip address and save posts to the central location because technically anything you post on it is owned by the creators of the app. He has a therapist and he has been diagnosed and the school has the paperwork in there possession I'm only wondering can we sue if the school does not take action to help him knowing these things. He won't leave his home because his parents have helped him a lot and they didn't cause any problems its his sibling and other family members that caused the other issues to him. Because he was younger and his parents were always busy they took advantage of him.  I was afraid you'd say that. As far as starting over that's not possible so I have to find something else. As far as my research on whisper the evidence is held somewhere the creator of the app has. It's a matter of the posts you make are technically owned by the apps creator. Reporting these though just like you said no one can do anything unless a serious incident happens. I hope these kids don't take it to far and by accident lead someone crazy to him. Depending on what they post it could end bad if the wrong person approached him. Do you think if my friend records conversations and situations that could prove anything or no avoid that so we don't add fuel to the fire?  If your friend want to pursue ANYTHING related to mental health even in the slightest, he will absolutely need to seek help because that will require both a formal diagnosis from a licensed professional AND input from those responsible for managing his ongoing care. However, I am not sure what he would sue for or who he would sue. No one besides the unidentified Whisper posters has done anything against him, and you can't pursue them in any way until you identify them. Also, if your friend is a legal adult, he can leave his family at any time. He may have to work or go to a shelter, but he can escape them. If he is not a legal adult and is being abused, he can contact CPS. Honestly, he should stop using the app. It's not making anything any better, and it sounds like he's not using it responsibly if his use of the app could result in his arrest.  I believe people respond on Whisper. But what I also believe is that it is very difficult to know WHO is responding on Whisper unless they actively identify themselves. Your friend is free to turn in whatever he has to the authorities, both school and police if he feels he's being harassed, but due to Whisper's nature, it may not be possible (or worth it to other parties) to track down the individuals. And nothing can be done unless you are able to track down individuals, because you cannot punish someone if you have no evidence they did it. So yes, it's entirely possible they will not do anything and think he is overreacting. There's no way to control that. I don't know enough about Whisper to give you ideas on how to find what you need. It may not be possible in your position. His best options may be to get help to come up with ways to handle the situation successfully OR exit the situation entirely by starting over somewhere else. But you are correct that this, like many other things, may be so difficult to pursue due to a lack of evidence that the people doing it are never discovered or held responsible. That's an unfortunate reality in some cases.  Your right he needs help but he has been used and manipulated by many I'm afraid this incident might be to much and he may run and isolate himself more. Since you are an adult let me ask you this. I feel this situation is similar to dishonorable discharge and duress where it is almost impossible to prove a lot of the times. If you never came across these I hope you never do. As far as other children have rights to I can start stating different laws but I'll only state my friends since my friend is depressed his disability rights fall under the category of mental disability which in a court case is $255000 more then many discrimination lawsuits out there (I hate placing prices like this because it makes people seem like products not humans but this is the world we live in so we can't avoid it). Knowing all this info how would you go about it I wish I could avoid legal issues but since my friends depression is caused by gaslighting and domestic violence by many family members we are in a tough predicament he needs this degree quickly so he can escape them and I believe it's his family and acquaintances that have added problems to this. Should he talk to the school should he mention my test with this app and try to get them to believe him or avoid that part completely? Mined you this app is being investigated by police to arrest dealers and prostitutes. If for example an officer lands on my friend because of the way it is used he might get arrested (some officers will take any arrest just so they can rack up numbers on there resume no matter how innocent the person looks) if my friend was arrested in front of his school this would cause a bigger problem he will definitely be let out of jail since he has nothing but the students will take pictures spread rumors and the school may be forced to kick him out. This is what I fear the most because that could follow him a long time.  I'm not asking to get around the need for evidence just how to go about gathering evidence. If you want to try it yourself you could use whisper and place a message stating free pizza at some location and see yourself how quickly people will respond and arrive at the location and ask for free pizza. If my friend gives the information I collected to them they may believe it but won't do anything or label him as paranoid or worse might place blame from other situations on him(this is just speculation not a fact). So do you think there is a possibility to gather evidence from around my friend when no one will openly talk? You already stated it could happen but there is no evidence of it being done thus turning this into a case of he said she said if that is the case then it's just like many cases in the past for example duress and forgery that are extremely difficult to prove even when everyone knows its true and possible no one can do anything only blame one party for something in this situation the party being my friend. Am I correct in thinking this way?  There is no way to get around your need for evidence. You simply cannot punish people for actions that you have no proof that they did. In fact, a lack of evidence that a person did something suggests that they are indeed innocent. Yes, people get away with things because there is not enough evidence. This is not considered a good reason to potentially punish innocent people for things they did not do. Before we adopted the standard in this country that it would be better for a guilty person to go free than an innocent person to be punished without reason, we had literal witch trials where people presented arguments very similar to this to justify sending innocent people to their deaths. And it happened. Many innocent people lost their lives because they were held responsible for something they did not do and in fact could not have done, simply because they were accused. Now, you have to be able to show someone did something in order to punish that person for the action if they claim they did not do it. There simply is no way around that, because otherwise you may be punishing an innocent person. Your only option here is to continue to try and look for ways to show who is posting these things to try and hold them accountable. Absent that, your friend's best option may be to remove himself from the situation entirely and move to a new location where he can start over and can leave this behind.  You are correct but when it is hard to get evidence but the incidents are occurring then what? Conspiracy might be an extreme but they are using loopholes to get away with things. It is illigal to harass abuse and discriminate but if you can find the loopholes that can help you get away with it you can pull this off. Think of it like this using whisper you spread a rumor in the area. The people who are interested will look for example you say selling candy for cheap look for someone who looks like the picture (the picture shows Justin beiber for example) the people who want drugs find someone who looks like the person in the picture the person in the picture states sorry that's not me or something like that but the person who started the rumor uses this to prove his/her story correct to others who will believe them. This will cause that person to gain credibility but the one he/she labeled to lose credibility. If it continues like this the person could be labeled very easily and it would have been done in such a way evidence would lack for a case do to the fact whisper allows you to delete the post quickly. Another thing that could happen I've noticed is that you can easily make someone hurt themselves reputation wise for example if I spread a rumor about someone stating they hate something but that person is assuming he is being separated do to the first rumor for example being referred to as a drug dealer he will go report to the authority figure he is being called a dealer but the person who started it didn't not refer to to him like that nore even spread that rumor it was different entirely of the first. The person would contnusly report to no end till it becomes an incident of the boy who called wolf. Using this you can essentially and theoretically cause problems in someone's life. I hope I explained it correctly it's difficult I know but it is possible this is a new method of he said she said which in the end has no right or wrong because it's hard to prove. (many people speak in a code for different reasons you can't always crack the code even if it looks possible it's hard to prove and many agree and believe it its just hard to prove) Any advice to save my friend would be appreciated. The school won't believe this even if my friend shows this is possible through this method.  Your friend obviously needs help, but I don't think the help he needs is going to come from the school or the legal system at this point. I think your friend needs to seek out a licensed medical professional who can help him work through the issues he is facing, develop better communication and coping strategies, and move forward. As part of this, that professional can help him work with the school to obtain any assistance he is entitled to. But you can't expect anyone to be punished without evidence nor can you expect any authority group to spend their resources pursuing accusations that may or may not be credible. Unless your friend can tie the posts to particular people, no one has the ability to hold particular people accountable for things they may or may not have done. The school is correct that unless he can tie the behavior to particular students, there's nothing they can do as it's entirely possible these posts are coming from non-students who they have no authority over. Your friend is FULLY accountable to his words. It doesn't matter how kind his heart is. That doesn't excuse the things he says or writes. He needs to learn how to control his words, possibly with the help of a professional, and perhaps choose to avoid or remove himself from situations where he is likely to be provoked or lose control. Many students are overwhelmed in college. Either your friend applies for an accommodation on the basis of a disability (which he may well qualify for), or he has to find a way to get things in on time. You don't know what other students are facing, but I can tell you there are students in his classes that are equally and perhaps more legitimately overwhelmed, and they have every right to fight for extensions as well. I worked 3 jobs through college, and many times I turned in things I knew were less than perfect simply because I ran out of time to work on them. That additional time would have mattered to me, and if other students were being granted extensions, I also would have fought for my own ability to improve my grade. Again, your friend may need to start by seeing a professional who can help him overcome his personal issues and learn better skills for dealing with the adult academic world.  's is not paranoia so please don't try adding things like that to the conversation. Just because it CAN happen doesn't mean it IS happening. Just because you CAN start a conspiracy via Whisper does not mean there IS an organized conspiracy against him on Whisper nor does it mean that particular people are in on it or behind it. What I am saying is that you may be right, but you still need evidence to do anything. You can't just accuse people of running a massive conspiracy and expect an authority group to step in and punish them without any proof besides your claims. That's a witch hunt. Remember that the other students involved also have rights.  Your correct in what you say but the bully I say is a manager was just a fellow student that lost his future by using some of these tactics on others and when he was caught he was not allowed into any institution because he was caught for a wide number of things. The app whisper allows you to make memes to communicate with people it is anonymous and you can delete the post very quickly. People use it to sell drugs advertis prostitution and to vent but since they are memes people can protect themselves by stating I was joking or its not me or something else. My friend has never had any drug problems nore sold. My friends biggest issue is he has been isolated all his life and he does not know how to communicate with others properly one student in particular tried to refer to him as an animal using different methods such as memes just to anger my friend. He can't do anything when he is being ganged up on by others in such ways. I have updated my post by the way I added what my concerns are up top. Information is free and you can not stop someone from sharing things your right I believe the past is the past and I'm trying to help my friend deal with his past and move on but these people are causing him to drop down to old habits because they know his past. I just don't want the school to blow things over or label something just to let it go. My friend has informed the school countless times about his problem just because the new faculty isn't aware is not his fault and these students are trying to force my friend to tell them not the faculty the issues. My friend says a few extra words sometimes that cause problems but he has a kind heart and he is a good person even though a lot of people would have been dameged or broken from all of the things that have happened in his past. I can't state exactly his past due to privacy but it's a lot of thing's yet he still has a kind heart. He is late on things because he is overwhelmed and alone he tries to figure out the world from a computer he doesn't travel he just isolates himself everytime something like this happens it and he does not know how to communicate with people.   This means that yes, they may find out about incidents in his past from former contacts. There's nothing you can do about that. People have every right to share information about other people, especially if that information is opinion or based in fact. No one has a duty to him to protect his reputation by remaining silent. 's called whisper (basically what I've seen is they post something that looks like my friend and write a comment and then the strangers bother him) basically he is being labeled but there is no proof since the messages get deleted but he's left with a label drug dealer or drugy or something else. This rumor is making him be alone and out casted. I'm 30 years old, so I'm not particularly "hip", but isn't whisper an ANONYMOUS app or at least one that uses accounts much like reddit? What proof does he have that ties these posts to particular people? Is it possible that they have just heard the rumors, but did not originate them? And has he ever been involved with drugs at any time? Your previous paragraph suggests these rumors may have a basis in fact and that they may be less wild rumors and more his past catching up to him. If so, there's very little you could do even if you tracked the originator down. Defamation of any sort requires that the damaging statement be false, and often knowingly false. If these are things that have a basis in truth or are a matter of opinion, then the person is free to post them. So, for example, if your friend has done drugs, someone who witnessed him doing drugs or was told by him that he does drugs would be well justified in calling him a drug user. 's unfair he gets an extension and not them it's unfair he can be late but not them and then telling the professor that he is a drug dealer the rumor states Unless he has an accommodation from the Disability office that grants him these things, the students are correct that it IS unfair if he receives special treatment that allows him additional leeway if other students are not given that same leeway, especially if their grades suffer for it. In any case, they have every right to voice their concerns about the disparate treatment and grading standards to the professor and escalate that accordingly. That's not bullying your friend. That's other students complaining that they feel there are unequal and unfair grading standards. Pressure is a part of university life. Your friend needs to find a way to handle that pressure through medical treatment, accommodations, and his own modifications. Other people are allowed to advocate for their own interests, and this will occasionally cause pressure for your friend. He needs to find a way to handle that himself. 'm worried that the school just like a buissiness might try to push my friend to leave do to liability issues instead of helping him. Their ability to help him may be limited. He needs to follow the proper process to obtain any accommodations he may be entitled to by contacting the Disability office. Outside formalized accommodations, he should not expect any special treatment from his professors and should expect his professors and other students to otherwise hold him accountable to the same standards as everyone else. 's a he said she said incident no matter if it's school a buissiness a court whether it's a cop a teacher or a lawyer or a judge they all dismiss it do to the fact they lack evidence by the people who start these things he said she said incidents are the hardest to prove. Well, yes. He needs to be able to prove that they are maliciously doing this to get another authority to step in. Right now, all he has is a potentially valid complaint and the fact that they associate with people who don't like him. There's nothing out of line there, and no one is going to step in unless he can show strong evidence of a malicious conspiracy against him. As I explained in the post below it's more of a he said she said incident and not many people get involved. I'm trying to help him build up evidence for this. Schools just like buissiness try to remove liability issues before anything happens to save themselves. If I did not check or test these theories on my own I would assume you are correct and my friend may be imagining these things. But since I not only checked up experimented these theories and did my own research I have realized it's is not paranoia so please don't try adding things like that to the conversation. Labeling something and ignoring it do to the lack of evidence has been proven in history that a lot of the time the craziest ideas are or theories sometimes are true. Lack of evidence is what causes them to be thrown aside but they come to light in the future.  By tripping up himself I mean he has been bullied for years by others (on the street, abused at home, harassed by others and forced to stay silent in the past) some of these past experiences are rising up do to the fact these students are communicating with his past bullies in there own aspects of there life for example these students are now working under a manager that used to bully him or working in his own town. The app is used by these students it's called whisper (basically what I've seen is they post something that looks like my friend and write a comment and then the strangers bother him) basically he is being labeled but there is no proof since the messages get deleted but he's left with a label drug dealer or drugy or something else. This rumor is making him be alone and out casted. I would normally agree with maybe it's paranoia but I have personally tested this and it does work on people and my friend is suffering. (by personally tested it I mean I used a similar thing I explained to state a completely small rumor near the campus stating the student who harassed my friend was spreading rumors and lies around campus about students. What happened was the student ran to the office of a counselor outside of his class to report what he saw. Yes it was the student who started this and my friend just informed me that student was in the deans office trying to explain the situation my friend had a meeting with the dean before this student when I tried this experiment). These students did not directly vote him out of a course more of added pressure to the professor to force the professor to let him go. (stating it's unfair he gets an extension and not them it's unfair he can be late but not them and then telling the professor that he is a drug dealer the rumor states) the professor in a way saved my friend by withdrawing him but the students are at fault for these incidents because my friend can't handle this pressure that they cause. I'm worried that the school just like a buissiness might try to push my friend to leave do to liability issues instead of helping him. He is reporting it to heads of departments and the dean but when it's a he said she said incident no matter if it's school a buissiness a court whether it's a cop a teacher or a lawyer or a judge they all dismiss it do to the fact they lack evidence by the people who start these things he said she said incidents are the hardest to prove. I just want to have the legal advice for if the school does not do anything or if they try to remove him in anyway we can go to court to at least get something back and save his future. We don't want his record to be damaged and I don't want him to lose his credits he needs his degree he has been held back a lot by a lot of these incidents and he needs to get a job and his degree.  Ok well if he feels he’s being threatened or otherwise harassed, he needs to go to the school’s office of student affairs and inform them of what’s going on. Generally speaking, this type of thing would fall under the school’s own disciplinary code. Not much else to be done here. Frankly, it sounds like your friend may need to check his carbon monoxide detectors.  What does this mean? What does he do when he is "tripped up"? What precisely are the rumors they are spreading? How does he know they are spreading them and how does he know this is being organized on different apps behind his back? ? I'm scared the more he tries to explain his problems the more the school will try to push him out and since these are buissiness tactics to get someone removed is there anything anyone can do for him? It is going to depend on the details of precisely what is going on. It would probably be better for your friend to sit down with an education attorney or possibly counsel available for students and explain directly to them what is happening.  I've updated the post with the location this incident is happening in.  It's in New York  Since you won’t post your location, it’s impossible to say right now. Are there any legal actions that can be taken if the school does not address the issue. It falls under discrimination and disruptive discharge catagory.  I’m sorry but you’re going to need to ask a clear legal question. Because this sounds like your friend is hallucinating or has severe paranoia.