 The company my husband works for has recently filed Chapter 11 reorganization bankruptcy. My husband is very high up in the company. He does not have anything to do with the financials however. In the past few weeks the company has bounced paychecks. They have paid my husband but he has been told that before he cashes his check to call the owner of the company (his only boss) so Owner can make sure there is money. However this week my husband did not get paid at all. We have no idea when he is supposed to receive his paycheck and ultimately we want to know if the company can include payroll in the chapter 11 bankruptcy. I've attempted to do some research on my own but I'm still unsure. The company has approximately 30-35 employees. After layoffs last week there are currently 20 employees.  This is wrong. It was more of a courtesy to ensure the check would cash. He was /did take it to the bank it was drawn from. Other employees did the same and were unable to cash theirs because of NSF.  He has no need to check with the owner before cashing a check. I advise him to cash it at the bank it's drawn on. IANAL but my understanding is employees are about last on the list to get paid when a company files for backruptcy protection. Thank you he is in the process of looking for a new job. I guess we will look for an attorney as well.  The general advice is to leave the second there are payroll issues. Individual business owners can often be held individually liable for unpaid wages but you are in a state that is notorious for asset protection laws that shelter even the most abhorrent debtors. He should immediately speak to a lawyer, get a new job, amd go from there. The general advice is to leave the second there are payroll issues. Individual business owners can often be held individually liable for unpaid wages but you are in a state that is notorious for asset protection laws that shelter even the most abhorrent debtors. He should immediately speak to a lawyer, get a new job, amd go from there.