 I loaned my Civic to a friend (I hadn't seen in a while). He said he would be right back. He stopped picking up calls but he was reading messages. It's been 2 days and the police have said he has to have been gone for more than 72 hours because I handed the keys over. Recently he's been claiming that he dropped the car off which isn't true. I also found out he's been heavy in to meth and pills since I last saw him and I'm 99% sure he immediately took it and traded it for drugs but he could be driving around. Thanks in advance for your help. That makes sense. I've lived in areas where they would have a team on it and areas where they would just say "that sucks" people are murdering each other so we'll concentrate on that.  How long the police will wait to investigate it has no bearing on whether a crime was committed. They just have limited resources and their policy is to wait a few days to look for a car that was loaned to somebody but not returned on time. It doesn't change the underlying facts as to whether or not he stole your car it's just that the police won't treat it as a crime for a few days. Ok let me rephrase the question. I'm not trying to make the police take action against their policy or if something isn't a crime (yet). What constitutes GTA or similar? I would assume and that's the reason I'm asking that as soon as you go from "Being late getting back" to lying about ever even having the car / lying about returning it depending on who he's talked to then it's gone from "being late" to theft. If you ask to borrow my phone and go outside to make a call it's not theft. If you come back in and say "what phone" and walk away it is. There's no window for how long it has to be stolen.  You can't force the police to take action because you want them to. If their procedure is 72 hours then their procedure is 72 hours. Yes, if he is lying claiming that he returned it do we have to wait 72 hours and is the 72 hour thing even real? I can understand if he said I'll be back at 2:00PM and I call the police at 2:15PM but he's claiming he gave it back.  Exactly. The guy is lying saying he gave it back. It doesn't make any sense to wait if we're in contact. I can understand if we lost touch and he got stuck somewhere etc. I think he’s asking if the police are allowed to wait 72 hours?  Do you have a legal question? 