 Do I have any recourse? The account was in my name but is it even legally mine? This set me back financially big time because my parents didn't help pay anything for my schooling. It took me ten years to finish my degree between work and all the other things life throws at you. Please don't think I'm entitled. I took the loans out in my name, went through private lenders because my dad refused to provide their taxes when I applied to FAFSA, and worked countless graveyard shifts despite 8am pit classes.  Yeeep, definitely not long enough. Slightly more than half the needed minimum. US Army, active '10-14 (one deployment, '11-12), reserve '14-january '18. USN is 8 weeks, pending there are no fuck-ups and you pass Battle Stations and boards. What branch/country did you serve?  How long is your basic? Well, probably a safe assumption it's not three whole months, but still. No VA benefits are granted for an Entry Level Separation. Either way, I appreciate it. Hopefully it helps someone else. And thanks for looking out but I'm far from down on my luck compared to other service members. I came home, I've got a college degree, a beautiful wife who's pregnant with our second child, and an awesome little man who impresses me more each and everyday. I'm lucky, my friend. 😁😁 Yeah, I didn't realise that until after I wrote the comment. It's just hard to see a fellow sailor down on his luck. Thanks, man. This is helpful but I imagine they don't retroactively pay your loans in my instance. Wish I would've known this while in school.  I’d worry that even if there was a case to be made, with the timeframes OP has described, this is far past the statute of limitations in WI and no case could ever be brought. It looks like it’s three years for misdemeanor, six years for criminal. The initial transfer of money was likely well outside these limits. Ianal, but if I recall correctly, being a vet you should be entitled to a portion of your post 9/11 gi bill, as well as being fully independent from your parents for FAFSA. While it doesn't answer your question, I would contact your school's financial aide as well as the VA department at the school. Edit: you're not in school I see, regardless, this goes for any vets reading this, even if you don't feel like you served enough to warrant benefits or you are seeking further education, at the very least talk to the VA office and financial aide office to see if you qualify for financial aid. They are there to help you. Edit 2: spelling and grammar Most people don't get their parents to pay anything for college. They don't have to. But if your parents refused to provide their tax returns then I would never speak to them again. Go volunteer at an old folks home to find new parents. This sounds worthy of its own post..  Not if it goes to a member of the same family.  $10k (the rough amount it had compiled when I was 18) would be worth it if I could change it to my son's name, but I don't have a relationship with my parents (this among many other reasons) and live in a foreign country. I don't even remember what bank it was through.  If you have any records of that you might be able to make a case that the money belongs to you. However you’ll pay a large tax if you aren’t using it towards education expenses. As you’ve already paid for your education, you’ll be subject to that tax. If it’s only a few hundred bucks, probably isn’t worth your time.  ELS. Shortly after completing Basic.  Ahh, so like IET discharge? Or hell, like late MEPS? Wouldn't count as a discharge if it was at MEPS, though. My grandparents also contributed, godparents as well I think. Definitely remember a birthday or christmas where all I got was a copy of a check instead of that GBC game I wanted.  If it is a 529 then the money does not need to be used on the beneficiary. Your mother can use it. What may be important is who contributed the money? If it was only your parents, then it’s their money to use as they please. If other relatives or you yourself contributed, and the money was designated for you, you might have some legal recourse, although I’m not sure.  It was my fault/pressure from my recruiter telling me to lie about not having an arthroscopic procedure on my knee that doctors recommended after I tore my meniscus (during high school). But hey, I could walk so I was fine according to my parents. Med bay knew something was up when they couldn't see any cartilage. Odd, usually med board-outs get education benefits. You should have gotten at least SOME of your GI Bill benefits after a year of service regardless. In fact, you should have been able to get 40% of them for as little as 90 days of service. It's 100% if it's been at least 30 continuous days of active duty service and discharged for a service-connected disability. u/Rhonin1313 had it spot on. They paid a tax. I found this out years' later when I was about $75 short for a book and my dad joked about that being less than half of what they paid for my mom to put the account toward her MS. FWIW, they could have changed the beneficiary to OPs mother before disbursing the money. That sucks but can't cry over spilled milk. Got my degree and got the f outta Dodge. Thanks though. (I'm ignorant to this but I don't think think there's any further I could go with it. Chalking it up to a selfish act on my mom's part). 529. It was in my name and I remember that because when I was 18 I received a few letters before joining the Navy. Happened about 7-8 years back (I don't get the GI Bill bc I didn't put in long enough. Medical discharge). They don't legally have to go to the beneficiary, but there is a penalty and the amount will then be taxed if not used for the beneficiary. Not that it helps OP, of course.  What kind of account was this (an account solely in your name, a Uniform Gift to Minors Act or UGMA account, an account jointly owned with your mom, etc.) and when did it happen?  Unlike a UTMA, funds in a 529 do not legally have to be disbursed to the beneficiary.  I think it was a 529. What type of account?