 Hello, i want to thank you all in advance for your suggestions and i do apologize if my questions has already been answered. I was involved in an accident in Chicago, IL where the other party was deemed at fault. I was going through an intersection where the street i was traveling on did not have a stop sign but the intersecting street did. The at-fault part blew threw her stop sign and hit my drivers side. She was driving on a suspended license and was arrested at the scene. My car was totaled, i still owed $11,000 at the time and had about $10,000 in principal on the vehicle. My insurance, progressive, put me in a rental and wrote me a check for the market value of my vehicle,minus my deductible, which ended up covering what i owed. Fast forward a few months and now the at-fault party's insurance has denied her coverage and will not reimburse me for my deductible. I figured i will have to just take the hit and move on. I've had friends and family members who have told me to sue the at-fault party for my deductible and the principal lost on the vehicle since i no longer have it. I have no idea if that's just being greedy or if i can even pursue that in a small claims court. Is this something i can/should pursue or should i just move on? Thanks! Thanks for your reply! You're exactly right,the car was bought for 21k and i had paid off 10k so far and still owed 11k. I was advised to pursue her for that since I no longer have possession of the car and the 10k is basically out the window. I wasn't really sure if I really could/should pursue her for that, thanks for clarifying! Talk with your insurer. Your insurer may sue the at fault party (usually their insurance if they have it) and if they do they will also ask for your deductible. Even if they do this and win, recovering judgments can be very difficult if not impossible. If your insurer isn't going to sue, you can on your own, but collecting will still be a problem. You will likely only be entitled to the deductible amount as the amount your insurer paid you was a full and complete payment for your car. I'm not really sure what you mean about $10k in principal, but my guess is that you paid $20k for the car, it's worth $12k now, and you still owed $10k. The $10k in principal that was paid basically accounts for the depreciation and is not recoverable.