 Hello, I have been working at an Office Max in Oregon. I believe I have been wrongfully terminated. There store I work at has been a mess since before I even came here. I am new to Oregon since I moved up here for school with other friends. There was quite some time where there was no head manager and the store was a mess. When I was hired I was hired by a guy named David who was just hired and not long shortly after that he was gone and then came along Kyla. As soon as she got there everything changes. Started getting scheduled earlier shifts (which I don’t mind). But she was never on time. Always 10-15 min late and it is super cold in the mornings. There was two incidents that were her reason for terminating me. The first was because she said I was a no show no call. It was a Wednesday that I put in the system as not being able to work. Along with a weekend that was a little further away because my girlfriend was coming and I wanted some time off. But I never got that Wednesday off and was scheduled at 6. So I wake up and 6 do my regular morning routine and get to work on time. I drove to work that morning because it was so cold but usually I walk because it is pretty close. But no one showed up besides me. So I figured maybe I did get the day off so Ill just go home. Usually when something like this happens they will call you and say sorry they were late... blaa blaa but they are there now. I never got a call saying to come in or anything. So one work day I get asked to go into the office before I head out. I was told I was going to be written up for that Wednesday for being a no call no show. Which surprised me and I told her everything and she just didn’t care one bit. I dont know if she ever did write me up because I never signed anything but she handed me a packet about attendance and the rules and everything. Keep in mind I maybe was late once because of it bring my fault in a total of working there for like 4 months. The last incident. The weekend I spoke of that I was taking off for my girlfriend. She never even checked the system when scheduling. She had me scheduled still and I had to tell her I put that weekend as I cant work in the system. She changed it but my weekend got ruined and my girlfriends flight got canceled and rescheduled to the next weekend because she called and complained. I sent her a text saying I could work this weekend if she needs me. Ended up working 2 of the 4 days that I had asked off which was awesome based on the situation. But the next weekend is coming up and my girlfriend asked me to call out Saturday and Monday. (Saturday because I worked like all day and wouldn’t have been able to spend a ton of time with her and Monday because thats when I needed to take her to the airport.) Well I tried calling out like 3 days before and told her why. We came to an agreement about Saturday and that she could change my shift to 6-11. So that I could still work and see my girlfriend. I didn’t care I knew she would be difficult about this because of that Wednesday issue. But Monday came and she asked me if I could find a replacement. There was one person who could and his name was Dyllan. He didn’t want to take the shift because it was one of his only days off. Which is understandable. But is that my problem to find a replacement? This store never gets good reviews and is severely understaffed like all the time. I was at lunch with my 3 of 4 of my roommates, my girlfriend, and my friend from California who was visiting. I got a call at 12 and I was fired on the spot. I was told I wasn’t reliable enough. I never really liked the job and was planning on getting a different one but going out this way really sucks and my life depends on a job. I am a college kid doing everything on his own. I don’t get very much help besides fasfa money for school. Being fired is pretty devastating and I just want to know if theres anything I can do. I have more information and more stories I could tell. Even one of my roommates who was working with me since day one at the store has had issues with her.  Find a new job because at will employment means you or the company can end your employment at anytime for near any reason.  From reading the OP, I would agree. You don't set your schedule, your work does. If there's a time you can't work, you can ask for it off but it should not be expected. Also, if you're going to miss work and your boss asks you to find a replacement that absolutely is your responsibility. You were not fired for an illegal reason.  This does not qualify as wrongful termination. Oregon is an at-will state and they can fire you for almost any reason. Yes. 