 There's a lot more to it than the title suggests, but I couldnt figure out a way to condense it. I live in Australia but for the last 3 summers I’ve been working at a summer camp/school programme in Massachusetts through a company that sponsors J1 Visas. Last summer, one of my co-workers (also on a J1 Visa, also from Aus) had a breakdown and threatened to kill me (how serious he was about it I have no idea). We’d met the previous summer, became good friends, however throughout the year while we were keeping in contact through texting and Skype he told me and a couple of other (international) coworkers that he has suffered from clinical depression for several years and was at his breaking point. About three months before we were due to start working at the campground again, he started talking about taking his own life, how he hates his life when he isn’t working in US and had very clearly stopped taking care of himself. After calling various organisations that you’re meant to call when someone tells you something like this, they all literally said “just try and get him to call us, it sounds like your doing a job being someone he can talk to and that’s all you can do really”. He called them, he said they weren't much help. Anyway, fast forward to everyone applying to return to work in the US and me and one of my other co-coworkers are trying to figure out if we’re legally obliged to let our boss know that this co-worker has severe depression and suicidal thoughts- both things that the company that sponsors the visa declares grounds for refusing to sponsor your visa. Then we realise that in order to apply you have to get a doctor to sign off that you are mentally and physically able to work abroad and with children etc. And we think well there’s no way a doctor would sign off on that because he’s told us that he has been 100% honest with his therapist and said everything he’s said to us to him as well. So we think nothing of it. 2 weeks before we’re due to fly, he announces that he’s received his visa and will be joining us again this summer. We have no idea how a doctor signed his health forms without mentioning any of the disqualifying behaviour but think the wheels are in motion now so if we mention it now it’s going to be very obvious that it was one of us who told our boss and with him telling us that he wants to end his life when he’s not with us in the US and it’s pretty much the only thing he’s living for, we were worried that if he couldn’t go then he would actually go through with taking his life and think that his only friends have “betrayed” him. A few weeks into working in the US and he is seemingly doing ok, pretending all the conversations we’ve had over the last few months didn’t happen. Until one night, everyone’s gone to bed and we step outside the dorms where all the kids are asleep to get our clothes off the washing lines. He starts to have a mental breakdown, talking about how much he loves being here but wants to die when he’s at home and I’m trying to calm him down suggesting things he could do to make him feel better (which in hindsight, definitely a bad idea). He gets angry to the point where he’s physically shaking and says that he’s pretty convinced that once he gets back to Australia he’s going through with it and then he says he’ll kill me if I tell anyone. I’m pretty shaken, he goes into the dorms and gets into his bed. I do too and I’m genuinely scared that he’s going to attack me while in my bed. Maybe it was just me being paranoid but I’d never seen him so angry before. I was thinking about my options and was trying to decide what to do. I’m in full on fight or flight mode. By the time I calm down to the point where I can actually think about what to do, I fall asleep, I was extremely tired and it must have been around 3am. I wake up the next day and think about what to do, if I tell my boss then he gets deported and banned from the country for a decade instantly, probably kills himself and I’m worried I might get fired because after he told me what he did and threatened to kill me, he slept in a roomful of children who’s safety we are responsible for. By not alerting anyone straight away (I’m not sure how I would have at the time, perhaps by secretly texting my boss) or even immediately after I woke up, then I was letting those children continue to be under the care of someone who said he was planning to kill himself and threatened to kill another member of staff. I’m also aware that he knows where I live in Australia and I’m not confident that he wouldn’t try and enact some sort of revenge on me for reporting him. I could see him doing something like that but obviously not certain. I’m wrestling with what to do for the next day or two, sick to my stomach and feel absolutely paralysed and helpless. Then one morning I wake up, get all the kids ready and then I realise he’s nowhere to be seen. This is very unusual, in all my summers working here a member of staff had never gone missing in the morning without making it known to his higher ups, he is still responsible for these children, under no circumstances can you just leave when you feel like it. I think it’s strange but I’m distracted trying to keep control of the kids, we go to breakfast, he’s still not around, I ask several members of staff like the nurse etc. If they’ve seen him and nobody has. Attending breakfast is made clear to all members of staff as compulsory unless for medical reasons. Breakfast ends and I’m convinced that he’s killed himself. I spend the next hour thinking about what the fuck to do and then realise that I didn’t check the dorm opposite which is empty this week. I then think that I really don’t want to see a dead body and I’m freaking out even thinking about it. Eventually I force myself to go check on my break and he’s not there. I spend another hour thinking he’s dead until he turns up acting like nothing happened and I’m fucking exhausted of all this shit, try to calm down and really don’t know what to do. I start to have psychological issues (that I won’t go into here) and days pass and I’ve still done nothing because I’m genuinely worried that he might kill himself if I report him or attack me when I get back home. My issues get much worse, it's impossible to hide from my co-workers and end up going to a hospital a couple times. Weeks pass, we all return home, I’m still suffering from psychological issues which I’ve managed to get under control now. My question is: if I make this known to my boss now, will I lose my job? Without giving too much away, the job is incredibly important to me and isn’t just another fun summer job, I’ve spent the last few years building a business on the side with them that is very close to my heart and I’ve been trying to get off the ground for years and it’s going very well now. But I wouldn’t be able to handle it if he were there again. He’s already started talking about how he’s only living to go again next year. Also, just because nothing he did last summer actually threatened the safety of a child, doesn’t mean he doesn’t have the potential to next summer. I would also be crushed if he actually killed himself as a result of not coming back again next summer, so I'm obviously very aware there is a moral aspect to this which is difficult to navigate. I’m aware this is a lot to take in, I am incredibly grateful for any help you guys can give, I’m completely lost and have no idea what I’m doing. In most states in the U.S., employment is "at-will" meaning that you can be fired at any time, and you can quit at any time. You employer doesn't have to give a reason for firing you, nor do you have to have a reason for quitting. Whether you can be fired is a different question than whether you can be prosecuted for not reporting suspected abuse or neglect of a vulnerable person such as a senior citizen or a person with a disability. Whether you are prosecuted is up to the state you are in, not your employers. Since you are in Massachusetts, you should avail yourself of this [guide for mandated reporters](). As for your friend, from what you write here, you are concerned enough about his mental state that you were afraid for the children under his care Therefore, you have a moral and legal obligation to come clean to your employers now about everything you have written here. Think about it--he is a grown adult. He is ultimately responsible for seeking mental health treatment. He is refusing to do so. You and he both are responsible for the welfare of minor children. You are currently confused because you are acting like his mental health, your job, and the well-being of the minor children under your care are equal priorities. They are not. If he refuses to seek mental health treatment and commits an act of self harm, that is his fault. Your priority is to make sure the kids are ok. Right now, you doubt that they are. If something happens to the kids because you failed to act responsibly, you will realize that maintaining your employment at this seasonal camp is a lower priority. Tell your employers everything, and make the call. You have reason to think that you and the kids are in some sort of danger. That is what I heard you say. That is your #1 issue right now. If he gets mad at you and feels betrayed, so what. Is keeping him happy with you the #1 priority here? It is not. Welcome to adult life: he will not be the first person to be mad at you over something. Is keeping your job the #1 priority here? It is not. You are young and you can get another job. The safety of the vulnerable people, the minors, is the #1 priority. This is exactly why mandatory reporting is a thing: to clarify this sort of dilemma. If he hurts himself, that is 100% on him. Right now it doesn't sound as if he mentally healthy enough to care for kids and in fact is a danger to himself and others. So do the strong, adult thing and report what you witnessed to your bosses. Yes, you should have reported it at the time. Well, you didn't, so this is the next best time. They might not hire you back, but this may be the lump you take, and it's better than the alternative, allowing an unstable and potentially dangerous person care for children. P.S. Since you are not in Massachusetts, I'm not sure you would be in danger of being prosecuted unless they decided to extradite you, which I highly doubt. P.P.S. I respectfully disagree with the commenter below who basically said it's probably nothing. You have no expertise in assessing that. Therefore, your standard should be, assume that all threats are serious. The next time he contacts you and expresses suicidal ideation, call emergency services. It doesn't sound like whatever treatment he is getting is sufficient; clearly he needs something more, or he is making poor choices such as going off his meds, lying to his therapists, or taking recreational drugs.  For me, it’s about what you’re obligated to tell versus what you feel like you should tell. Since this involves his mental health, his employer is only entitled to medical information that he chooses to disclose to them, and you are only obligated to report behavior that would perhaps make him unfit for duty. If he has a mental illness, there’s a scenario here where he might be out getting help- maybe getting some good therapy and medication, and he could be no longer unfit to do his work. In this case, you would have no obligation to share his mental health information with your boss. And, if you share this past experience with them now, and they chose not to rehire him, potentially that would open them up to a liability, because they would be discriminating against him based on a medical condition. However, if, in the moment he is threatening to harm someone, if you reported it then, that would allow them to limit his ability to return to work based on behavior, not a treatable illness, and they could require him to get certain treatment and evaluations before returning to work. Maybe this is too HR-heavy of a response, but it’s something I deal with often. It’s a totally crappy situation. Hopefully he’ll choose different work next year. It would definitely not look good on the organization if he had committed some crime, but if this incident became something others were aware of, I think it would mostly be considered a private mental health event, and I doubt anything would be shut down. I definitely don’t think you had enough of a imminent threat to have you not reporting it in that moment be considered a fireable offense - in my opinion! If I were you, I’d ask your leadership what the policy is for reporting concerns about the mental health stability of coworkers. Maybe they have specific thoughts that would help! Ah, well, it seems to me that he didn’t do anything that overtly threatened the children, and that you felt so uncomfortable about it that next time, you’ll take action in the moment to get that guy some immediate help (or others like him who might be too unstable to trust in that situation). I work with psychiatrically unstable people in a capacity to assess them for hospitalization, and not to minimize what happened, but it sounds like he made threats of convenience in a moment of distress, as opposed to making calculated threats, with intent, means, access, etc. Not all threats to kill are equal. If you’re ever in that situation again, call the police in the moment that he’s making the threats. No need to burden yourself with what-if. I think you’re ok to keep it to yourself, and still think that your employer isn’t entitled to that information.  IMNAL, and I'm not sure about Massachusetts' failure to report laws, but in most places failure to report is at least a misdemeanor, and some places its a felony, since you're a mandatory reporter. I'd immediately call the police and tell them everything they've told you. It definitely sounds like your friend is a danger to himself and others. Luckily, police aren't in the habit of revealing those who wish to remain anonymous. Technically speaking, it doesn’t sound like you’re a mandated reporter. It also sounds like you were wrestling with the decision of what to do. I think if you told your employer your thoughts, it’s possible they may take it the wrong way, and make employment decisions based on that information, however, it seems unlikely to me that you did anything worthy of being fired. If you were fired, I think you would have a decent case for wrongful termination, since your employer is NOT entitled to your coworker’s medical information (depression is a medical condition). However, judgment is something that people consider when making employment decisions, so you may not want to share this with them. You should, however, contact the police and tell them 100% of everything you know. Immediately. I doubt the police will disclose any of this to your employer, but you could talk to the police about that, specifically. The employer shouldn’t not be entitled to any of this information. Edit: sorry, I missed the part where you all returned home, and things have settled down. No need to contact police unless there is an urgent suicidal or homicidal threat. You can legally be fired for any reason not specifically prohibited by law or within the very narrow confines of a public policy wrongful termination.