 Sorry if this post is long, I'm just very stressed and sleep deprived. TLDR: landlord refused to spray for bed bugs for months but we don't have any proof for upcoming LTB hearing. My family and I have lived in our apartment for over 6 years. We're very clean, quiet tenants and have never missed, or been late, on a rent payment. In June of this year I started waking up to bug bites all over my body. At first I assumed they were mosquitos; however, it quickly became clear that the bites were bed bug bites. We assumed that the bugs came from the unit beside ours as the tenant in that unit had recently moved out, and we informed the landlord right away that we had bed bugs. At first our landlord and superintendent told us the bugs were our responsibility and that they hadn't received any other complaints from any other tenants. We later found out that this was a lie and at least four other units in the building (on different floors) had a bed bug problem. After we first informed our landlord (in person, which is stupid, I know), it took about a month and a half before he finally agreed to have someone come in. During this time our unit became infested. We would wake up to bug bites all over our bodies, including our necks and faces. We would see the bugs crawling up our walls and curtains. It was truly a nightmare and it made it almost impossible to get a good night's sleep. After an extermonator finally saw the unit, our landlord delayed in booking an appointment for the company to come back and spray. All in all our unit wasn't properly sprayed until the week after labour day (about 3 months after we had told the landlord about the problem). The first spray didn't eradicate the bugs and again our landlord delayed in booking a follow up. Feeling frustrated, we filed an application with the Landlord and Tenant Board in the hopes that it would push our landlord to take action. And it worked. Since we received the notice we've had two exterminator appointments. We've also started using DE which has been the most effective. During this whole ordeal we never stopped paying our rent despite the fact that we had to throw out our beds and couches and have had to buy blow up beds and new bedding a few times. The issues: 1) we now have a hearing date with the LTB, and we don't have any concrete evidence. We don't have a phone number or email for our landlord so all communication has been in person. All of our furniture is older so we don't have any receipts proving the value. Does this mean our case will be thrown out? Will we be liable for our landlords lawyers fees? 2) my step dad is on Ontario Works and his caseworker needs receipts of the exterminator appointments in order to help him buy new furniture but our landlord is refusing to provide us with receipts. Do we have any recourse? Thank you so much if you made it to the end of this post :)  Write down notes of every conversation you remember having. If you happened to text or e-mail anyone else about the conversations you had in person (like if you complained to a friend about the situation) those can help to demonstrate that you did actually have those conversations. You can contact the extermination company directly by e-mail and ask them to confirm the date they first came by and then the date they first sprayed. You can ask them for something in writing to show that the unit was sprayed but since you're not their customer they're not obligated to provide it. Generally as long as you can launder your bedding there isn't any reason to throw it out. Most furniture can be treated and cleaned. Get a bed-bug proof mattress cover for any new mattress or box spring. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.