 PLEASE DONT UPVOTE THIS I DO NOT WANT MY DAD FINDING OUT ABOUT THIS AND IF HE DOES I WILL SUICIDE SO DONT Hey all, I am 14 and a boy from Belarus, I currently live in The Netherlands (hallo :P) and am enjoying my tjme here. My dad was my hero when I was young, he worked in germany and wasnt ever home when I was a baby untill 6 years old. He always spoiled me and loved me and played games with me, I loved him. He introduced me to Age of Empires 2 and some other games that give me a good memory of him. When I was 7 we celebrated Sinterklaas (a religious event) and he bought me a playmobil castle and set it up in my room that morning, when he suprised me I cried tears of joy. (I think back of this when I am sad) I always struggled with maths but my parents helped me, we lived happy together and my sister was born, my parents (my dad in particular) were not as nice anymore, I didnt like certain food like broccoli or sprouts so I refused to eat them, then came the moment I was scared of my dad for the first time, he grabbed a knife and a lighter and treathened me. I didn’t think much of it and was weirded out later that day. Then I overslept because my batteries for my alarm ran out, he grabbed my hair pulled me over and hit me. I escaped and ran into the bathroom and closed the door. He was screaminf and yelling in a low voice and I was terrified. He then opened the lock with a screwdriver, I ran to the corner were the toliet was and stood there alone and cornered. He smacked his hand into my temple and my head bounced agianst the wall. He then left for work and I told school I fell from the stairs. When my sister was born she was given a room 4 times as big as mine (I basicly live in a closet, i can only take ONE step and thats it) got lots of toys and love. Meanwhile they neglected me and they never send me to the barbers so I grew ugly greasy long hair. I didn’t have many friend and spend my time reading books and learning about history, I was good at English sinsce I was young, when I was 13 I had more friends and I just applied for a job.I cut my hair with the money I had and bought some cloths that fitted me. I build up my self esteem as I gained more friends, I am almost as tall as my dad and am getting increasingly less scared of that fat idiot. He always argues with my mom, yells and hits me. Now I hit back tho.. fuck him  [You can report child abuse to the authorities](). Hitting you is abuse. Don't learn to be violent back. It's a habit that will hurt you and people you love.