 I saw a physical medicine doctor last year who diagnosed me with 3 conditions — hypermobility syndrome, SI joint dysfunction, and piriformis syndrome. I had already been doing physical therapy, so the doctor enthusiastically encouraged me to get a steroid injection into my joint (which the same doctor performed). The doctor said that it might permanently get rid of my pain, and didn’t mention any risks or side effects. Trusting the doctor (huge mistake), I got the injection. It was the most traumatically painful thing I’ve ever experienced, and I was screaming in pain for hours, basically bedridden for a couple weeks. For the next two months that the pain persisted, I tried communicating with the doctor and assistant, who insisted that the procedure went perfectly from a technical standpoint, threw pain medicine at me, said that my reaction was “rare”, and wanted to refer me out to a pain management clinic. At my follow-up, the doctor said that based on the lack of improvement from the injection, my issue wasn’t the SI joint, but “piriformis syndrome”, and that I should get a steroid injection there instead. Obviously I declined. I started seeing a new physical therapist who said I had been misdiagnosed with the two conditions, and it turns out my real issue is skin hyperalgesia. I’m now making progress. I also saw a connective tissue specialist who did an exam and said I meet none of the criteria for hypermobility syndrome ( the first doctor said I was “very hypermobile” and was perplexed that none of my family members have it). I contacted the first doctor and asked for clarification, who replied that they would be “inclined to believe” the connective tissue specialist (???). I have suffered long-term effects from the injection (immune system and endocrine system issues, hair loss, in addition to the pain I had for two months following the procedure), all of which the doctor couldn’t explain and thought were strange. Is there anything I can pursue from a legal standpoint? Is this malpractice?  Malpractice of any kind is very fact specific and it is unfortunately beyond the scope of this subreddit. If this is a medical question, it is highly recommended to speak with a medical malpractice attorney; your state's bar may be able to refer you to one. They typically work on contingency, meaning there is little up front cost to you. Similarly, consultations are typically free. It wouldn't hurt to meet with one, have them look over your info, and go from there. If this is a question about legal malpractice, you should seek the advice of a second unrelated attorney and/or report the matter to your state bar association" I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.