 (I originally posted to r/sex but posting here too) Throwaway account for obvious reasons. Basically, a friend of mine and I had been hooking up. We had hooked up drunk before, which I know now is a terrible idea, but it still happened and she said she had had drunk sex all the time. Fast forward a few months to the last time we hooked up. We went out to bars, I got decently drunk. She had drank less than what she says she normally does but is still drunk. After the bars close we walk back to her apartment where she starts making out with me and eventually tells me to put a condom on. I do and we start having sex. She's very active in the process the whole time. The next morning however, she tells me that she doesn't remember anything after leaving the bars. I don't think I fully processed this until I left. But we somehow started making out and stuff again and tried to have sex but were both too tired and just went back to sleep. I felt really bad about this once I got home and had processed what she said. I had no way of knowing she wouldn't remember. Anyway, she got back with her ex (who she had informed me had been abusive) a few days later. After a small period of things being awkward because her getting back with him, we start to be friends again. I still felt bad about what happened and made the decision to never mix sex and alcohol again (or do hookups for that matter). But since she didn't seem bothered by it I didn't feel as bad. But fast forward a few weeks and she stopped talking to me and said she doesn't want to be friends with me and I know that night is the reason why. I learned from a mutual friend that she found out she was drugged that night, which is something my counselor and I had suspected. It definitely wasn't me and according to my friend, she doesn't think it was me either. I don't even know where to get that stuff. I guess it was just some twisted person at the bars doing it as a joke or as a mistake. I really don't know and that's the most confusing thing about this. Apparently her bf has been using the word rape. For a while I know that she wasn't, but I learned she recently did use it at least once to describe the situation. This haunts me every second of every day. I know I was not in the right by mixing sex and alcohol, but knowing that she is using that word makes me feel enormous guilt. I also worry tremendously about her, I know that this has to be hard on her since she doesn't remember anything. And though people have told me her bf has changed I still worry he might do something to hurt her again, and there will be even more that haunts her. Rapists are, in my opinion, some of the worst type of people. I never had any malicious intent with what I did, I was just being an idiot and going along with what she was doing without being able to tell what kind of state she was in. I'm asking for two reasons A) if she decides to go a legal direction (doesn't look like she's going to), do I have a valid case? B) I need to figure out a way to eventually forgive myself and continue with my life. If this is considered sexual assault, then I'd rather come to terms with that now. Then you definitely should talk to a lawyer. You can read about Oklahoma's sexual assault laws on [FindLaw]() and [RAINN](). These are presumably the same information presented in different ways, but I didn't spend too much time on them. Under rape in the first degree, the closest element to your situation is "Where the victim is at the time unconscious of the nature of the act and this fact is known to the accused". However, you also have an additional problem. Oklahoma defines Consent as: “Consent” means the affirmative, unambiguous and voluntary agreement to engage in a specific sexual activity during a sexual encounter which can be revoked at any time. Consent cannot be: (1) given by an individual who: (a) is asleep or is mentally or physically incapacitated either through the effect of drugs or alcohol or for any other reason; or (b) is under duress, threat, coercion or force; or (2) inferred under circumstances in which consent is not clear including, but not limited to: (a) the absence of an individual saying “no” or “stop”; or (b) the existence of a prior or current relationship or sexual activity. So, 2b means that the fact you'd had sex previously does not mean that you had permission this time and 1a means that she was probably too drunk to consent. That point could be contentious, but given that she told you the next morning that she couldn't remember the night it probably won't be hard to make the case that she was too drunk to consent. Short version: you want to talk to a lawyer now, before she charges you with anything. You should also talk to a therapist, as [FishingForCars]() said. If you feel haunted by this, then that meets the criteria of needing help.  A. I think you have a pretty good case. Sexual assault can be difficult to defend yourself against even if you're not guilty, but it depends on the evidence. B. Assuming everything you said is true and you aren't leaving aynthing out, then no, you did not commit sexual assault, either legally or morally. It's in Oklahoma Note that "rape" is a legal term. What precisely is or is not rape will depend on the jurisdiction. In some places being drunk absolutely does not protect you from a charge of rape; in fact, it can mean that it was not possible to give legal consent, and no it doesn't matter that they were both drunk. Without knowing the OP's location, there's simply no way to say whether or not this was legally rape or some other form of sexual assault. Legally, I don't think anything would happen unless she specifically reported it. Ethically...You thought you were on the same wavelength re: intoxication. You're just not on the same level as a rapist. If there was drugging, that's horrible and grounds for trauma processing regardless but none of you knew. It's possible her boyfriend is feeding her 'he raped you' to turn her against her friends for isolation purposes, or she got back with him earlier than she said she did and this is her weird attempt at saving face. If a person drugged her and never followed up with any interaction/isolation attempt that's really weird. Maybe someone else can chime in about symptoms about date rape drugs. "person at the bar did it as a prank with no follow-up eg attempting to lure them off, theft etc" would just be a waste of a drug and make no sense. What guilt do you have to carry? You were both two consenting adults, you were both drunk. During that night neither of you said no, nor asked to stop the sexual activity. No one was FORCED to do anything that night, you both decided to have sex. The feelings, emotional trauma, and regrets regarding AFTER sex, after consenting does not consolidate rape. You cannot claim rape just because you didn't like the sex, you cannot claim rape because you felt bad after the fact that you WANTED sex an hour ago, but later decided it wasn't a good idea after doing it. : unlawful sexual activity and usually sexual intercourse carried out forcibly or under threat of injury against a person's will or with a person who is beneath a certain age or incapable of valid consent because of mental illness, mental deficiency, intoxication, unconsciousness, or deception  You need to stop talking about this with everyone. If you are contacted by the police, do not answer any questions and speaking to criminal defense lawyer. Also, you may want to consider seeing a therapist. 