  Hello, I’m a 19 yr old female who was involved in a small accident. If it matters, I live in Maryland. Basically, I was at a stop light waiting for the light to turn green. As the light turned green, the lady in front of me pressed the gas then immediately pressed the break which caused me to lightly hit the back of her car. At the scene, the police were not called because she herself said there was minimum to no damage. But we did exchange numbers, insurances and drivers licenses just in case. After looking closely at her insurance it looks like it expired in June of 2018. My insurance is still active. Fast forward she texted me and told me that she got some estimates for her car and the price would be about $1,500. Looking at the damage on her car I do not think it is $1,500 worth of work (the picture of her car is attached) [Her Car](http://imgur.com/tdYI8LP) I also do not have $1,500 to give to her. And I think if I don’t pay it she will call my insurance. I’m really nervous and down because I don’t want my insurance to blame me when indeed it was her fault. What should I do? Please help me I’m confused and am desperate for help! :(  Well, that depends on your insurance. For a first accident, if you have a clean record, it usually won't go up by much if at all. If this becomes a regular occurrence, it will go much higher.  If you rear end someone, it is your fault. If you're behind someone and they break, you can't drive into them. Report this to your insurance and let them handle it. Thanks a lot! I didn’t want my insurance to pay for it because I was nervous about it going up. Do you think that my insurance will sky rocket?  The price is not unreasonable. Those marks are small, but they don't look repairable to me. So it's going to need a new bumper. Considering that it's an almost new car with parking sensors, $1500 is on the high side, but again, not unreasonable. There's no reason for you to pay out of pocket. Let her contact your insurance, they'll take care of it. Lastly, you read ended her. Yes, it's your fault. But shit happens, that's why you have insurance. Just be more careful in the future.