 About 3 years ago, my friend loaned me $5000 to help me move out from my abusive family. He said I could pay back the loan "whenever," which I took as when I'm financially stable. A year later when I got my first part-time job, I wanted to show good faith by making some repayments, and he said, "don't worry about it." Recently, his demeanor toward me changed as he started asking about repayment plans. I'm still in school and no longer working, while he's landed a pretty lucrative job. I explained my situation and he says the longest he'll give me is 6 months and sent me a contract, which I haven't signed yet because I know I cannot pay that much by next June, even if I took on a job again. I'm willing to sink this friendship, I currently live in Canada while he moved to the UK, so we've grown distant anyway. If I ignore him what will happen? (please don't lecture me on morals, if there were a way to cough up $5000 without going into further debt, I would) His difficulty will be in recovering against you. Was the loan made in Canada? Most Canadian provinces have two year limitation periods meaning he would have had to sue within 2 years of the repayment being expected.  Good enough that could be enough and deemed a written contract itself, do not return his contract. Your best bet would be to double check with a lawyer, however you should be fine  Currently there is no contract, do you have proof he said not to worry about paying you back  IANAL 1. "don't worry about it" does not mean he said you don't need to pay it back ever. Unless he explicitly said it was a gift, it is still a loan. 2. Don't sign the contract. Anything you sign is only giving him more legal power if he tries to sue you. Right now it plays heavily in your favor since there was no agreed deadline and you live on different continents. 3. You said you can't pay off the loan. If you value your friendship &lt; $5000, take the money and run. You might feel like an asshole, but this kinda thing happens way too often.