 I've been working in sales for the same company for about five years now and our team recently received a state specific (New York) non-compete document that seems pretty extensive. The reasoning is that they want to protect intellectual property, however, I don't believe my role has any specific knowledge into the manufacturing or development of that property. My concern is that there is wording indicating that should I leave, I can not move to a competitor or call on any existing or prospective customers for a year. I work in a very small, specialized industry and this would severely impact my ability to find new work in the field. I should add that I have been working in this industry for longer then I've been with my current employer and have known most of my contacts for years prior to my current job. So in short, I do not intend to sign this non-compete as it stands. I understand that my employer can terminate me at will, however, I would like to avoid that if possible and was wondering if there was a response I could provide to limit that. If they are only concerned about IP, would it be reasonable to suggest a non-compete that is more limited in scope or perhaps an NDA would make sense? For what it's worth, most people that I work with have stated they also do not intend to sign it and being that there is very high demand in my field right now, I doubt my company will want to terminate most of their sales team. I'm just trying to think of the best way to approach this and was wondering if there was an optimal way to decline. I don’t know the laws in NY but in WA ,in my husbands field, non-competes are the standard but WA law makes them ,essentially, unenforceable. It’s more a scare tactic hoping you’ll just fall in line and do what they ask. He never signs his, he just hands back the packet with that portion unsigned. Only once has anyone ever asked and he just calmly said that WA law makes this unenforceable and he hopes this won’t be a problem. She said someone from HR would be in touch with him but no one ever contacted him. Good luck.  I'm fine signing an NDA, just not the non-compete. I only want to stay because I have friends with this company and I have a good manager who leaves me alone most of the year (I work remotely). I also know that my employer is not the most competitive in terms of salary and they would have a pretty hard time filling my spot, whereas, they have to know I would find new employment almost immediately. Like I said, I'm fine moving on if that is what it comes down to, I just didn't want to come back with a straight no and if there is a good way to negotiate terms of a non-compete, I thought someone here might know. He is being asked to sign a non-compete NOT an NDA. He’s wondering if he could suggest an NDA in lieu of the non-compete.  You're almost certainly getting fired if you refuse to sign an NDA. There is no magic phrase that makes them not require it. 