 My mom runs a very small Home Health Aid Agency and her main client base resides in a local independent living facility in New Jersey. Backstory: She has been in this facility since 2010. A year after she began offering personalized help the facility stole her business name and started their own HHA business within the facility. That is when the problems between the facility and my mom started. As of 2016 they, understandably, decided that all people giving HHA help to their residents need to be working with a licensed agency and be approved. She was not licensed at the time but we went through all of the protocols for both the state and the facility to get things in order. We finally became a full agency but the facility was battling to kick my mom out despite the independent residence wanting her in their homes helping them. She lost 50% of her clients and half of her income during that time but eventually the main antagonist of the fight retired and they left my mom and her employees alone for two years. Fast forward to last week. They have decided to, once again, attempt to kick my moms company out of the facility. The clients are all afraid of negative repercussions from the facility they live in for hiring my mom because they have sent out aggressive letters to the residence stating that she has never given in the proper documents to them (which she did) and that she is a threat to their facility. She has lost all of her clients now and the facility has made it clear that if she steps foot onto their property the cops will be called, even if she goes to visit people as a friend. My mom is distraught because she has been with some of these clients for 12+ years, they are her friends now, and she can not be with them in their dying year(s). She has had to go to the doctor multiple times relating to the stress and anxiety this has caused knowing that she will never be able to see some of her close friends ever again. She is considering suing the facility but we are not sure if it is worth it or if we have a case. We know that, by law, the facility must offer alternative HHA options (which they do not) but I am not sure if there is anything mandating that they can't keep us from being approved at their facility just because they do not like us and instead offer other HHA agencies. My mom was also considering suing for defamation of character and loss of wages. Are there any elder care specialists out there that can give us any guidance as to whether we should pursue this or give up? We can’t tell you whether your mom has a case or not. We can tell you that from your narrative it wouldn’t seem there is much room to make a case. If the facility said things it new to be untrue, that could be defamation. One guesses the truth is more nuanced than that and that (as there usually is) there are two sides to the story. Mom might review this matter with an attorney. But certainly prominent in the consultation should be her odds of prevailing and what she might stand to gain in the effort. 