 So this happened back in September but it is still plaguing us. My brother and I are from Pittsburgh, PA, which is why I have this marked as OH/PA We stayed at a small name hotel near Blossom Music Center in Cuyahoga Falls, OH. When we got there, we took turns taking showers, which worked just fine (important!). We chilled watching TV for about an hour, then went to a concert at the music center. After the show, we came back, grabbed the 12 pack we put in the fridge, and went outside and chilled with other concert goers for about 2 hours. When we were outside, we used one of the other people's bathrooms since they were closer to where we were, also important. I went to bed, and an hour later my brother went to bed (or so I was told). Also to note, I didn't get drunk, I was exhausted from the show and just wanted to go to bed early since I was the driver for the trip over. When we woke up, we gathered our things, checked out and left. Everything looked fine. About 2 weeks later he gets a call from a cop saying that the hotel said there was damage to the room. They said a pipe to the shower was broken, and that someone kicked a wall in the bathroom. My brother calls the police station back and they have no record of the officer that called. We didn't hear anything for about 3 weeks. After those 3 weeks, $400 gets pulled out of my brother's bank account by the hotel. We call the police station back, and they said that the hotel did that illegally. They told him to call the bank and file a fraudulent charge and to get his debit card numbers changed (which he did, and got his money back). The police also said they went to the hotel and told them that if they wanted the money, they would have to go to court. We didn't hear anything again until today. They called him and left a voicemail. My brother calls back and the lady at the hotel who answered is insisting we damaged the room. We didn't. I think they have the wrong room, or it got damaged with another tenant. He explained that this will have to proceed to court, because we are not paying without them being able to prove we damaged the room. He said "the next time you contact me better be through legal means, because I think this is a scam" and hung up. Now, being from another state, what is the best way to handle this should they decide to go to court? For such a small amount ($400) would a lawyer be needed? INAL, but I work at a FD, and all of this seems fishy to me. We make it a point to hit the card for damages IMMEDIATELY, because waiting gives them time to switch cards or drain accounts. However, the delay might've been because of insufficient funds during the time before the charge went through. This is the BIGGEST red flag, though. If there's no officer by that name, it's potentially someone at the hotel (or someone who's gotten your CC through a hotel error/virus) pretending to be an officer. Send them a chargeback and call the PD back to let them know that they're still bothering you.  They waited 3 weeks? That kind of screams scam. Do they have evidence showing a date of this damage? I'd call and dispute the charge and ask why it took 3 weeks to say anything Is there a corporate office or is it a single hotel? It may be a scam they hotel is pulling that their corporate office is unaware of. I read r/talesfromthefrontdesk and most hotels seem to take photos to prove damage to rooms, especially smoking charges. You may want to ask over there as well what you can do from their standpoint in case they file in small claims court. If they sue, at least talk to a lawyer. One may be able to help out by showing up for you and save you money and time on travel, even after their fees, and a consult may be done over the phone for little to nothing. Otherwise, just keep going with the chargeback. I was not aware of that Yes, Pete, it is. Actually, it's pronounced "mill-e-wah-que" which is Algonquin for "the good land." Do the chargeback like the police officer said, let your bank know what's going on, and file a police report for the fraudulent charge. They will need to prove, in court, that you damaged the room. 