 California. Yes, I know that you have to pay the lawyer a portion of the settlement. My main concern is dealing with the insurance adjuster. They would delay the process and try to put the blame on you. I simply don't have the time or energy to deal with them. I rather have a lawyer to deal with the adjuster, even if it cost me a portion of the settlement. Is this a good idea? Would they take a small case with no injury and small settlement? What are the pros and cons of getting a lawyer? It would probably be too small a case to be worth their time. But if it's only a matter of having some conversations with an adjuster on your behalf and required very little work, then maybe? But many insurance claims are straightforward and don't require counsel. And in many cases, depending on your coverage, your own insurance would be providing you with legal representation (or litigating on your behalf) assuming there is a claim against another driver. If it's claims against your own insurer you're worried about, take the money you would spend on an attorney and put it into a policy with a carrier known for great service and easy claims process. It will cost a little more but may be worth it if it's simplicity and peace of mind you want. USAA comes to mind if you are eligible, but there are others in that category if not. Amica is on many of those lists. If you haven't suffered personal injuries and are just looking to file a property claim, why not file the claim and see what they come back with? If you have no personal injuries and solely property damage, there's no point in getting an attorney. In a personal injury case, the way everyone comes out on top by getting a lawyer is that the lawyer negotiates a settlement where you're walking away with more money than your medical expenses. The lawyer takes his cut and you may have some extra money left over after your medical bills are paid. In a case where there is only property damage, you're only entitled damages of the repairs to your vehicle or the fair market value of your vehicle at the time of the accident if it's a total loss. If a lawyer takes a cut of that recovery, you're not going to be made whole. There's very little wiggle room for property damage. A lawyer might get you a little bit more money than you would have yourself, but it's not going to be so significant to the point that it's worth getting a lawyer in the first place. Also, if it's small claims court, in CA you can't have a lawyer anyway. 