 I purchased my home, which was a new build, in February of 2017. I've got two heat pumps - one upstairs and one downstairs. I had maintenance done today by a local HVAC service company and he found that the heating element on the downstairs unit never had an electrical circuit run to it. This means the emergency heat, which normally kicks on when the outside temp is below freezing, was never working and the upstairs unit was likely compensating where it could. This is obviously a pretty egregious miss on their part. The warranty on HVAC was only for one year so that technically ended in February of this year (2018). I've reached out to the general contractor, who sent me to the subcontractor to get it fixed. I have not heard back from them but it has only been a few hours. The general contractor noted they've had issues with that sub in the past and no longer use them. There has been an ownership change with the sub recently as well. Should I bother getting an attorney? Is there anything that can be done legally here? Or am I screwed because this wasn't found under warranty and will be paying for the install out of pocket? If you have paperwork that lists the functional system as part of the purchase of the home from the GC, (Whom I'm assuming you bought it from) whether in build specs, etc, some sort of paperwork showing that it was supposed to be properly installed and working as part of the sale, then you go after the GC to either fix it, or, if they won't, fix it yourself and hit them in small claims court for the amount of the repair. It's on the GC to go after the SC, as you had no contract with the SC, only the GC did. Sounds like GC is trying to pass the buck, but if your contract was with them, and they did not meet the contractual requirements, they need to fix it. I'd find your original paperwork that shows it was supposed to be installed and working when you bought the house, send that to GC, all certified mail, and state that they did not deliver the house as required by contract, and you want them to either fix it themselves, or pay for the repair.