 I’ll start by saying that my husband and myself are employed by a friend through his business. We are/were salaried employees since he started the business 3 years ago. Over the last few years and months our friend has offered us jobs, offered each us a salary and even offered a very affordable place to live all through his business. We have both taken serious pay cuts to work for him and get his business going, with the promise that our sacrifices would be rewarded in the future. Until two weeks ago I was employed as a part time salaried book keeper. Our friend offered to double my salary and expand my role in the company. My husband and I have been stressed about health insurance and the cost(our friends business doesn’t offer insurance so we get it elsewhere). Around the time our friend suggested the pay raise, he also came to me to ask me to get quote for insurance and texted my husband that he would do everything he could to get us insurance by the beginning of the new year. Two weeks ago our friend came to me to discuss my role in the company. He decided to not only move forward with offing us insurance, but he had hired a new book keeper and I would no longer received a salary through the company. He claims I am now an hourly employee but has not offered any hourly work. He also felt that I should be working outside of our home. I told him that the latter comment crossed a line between personal and professional conversations and I felt that he has used our personal stresses to manipulate our work environment and get us to do work for him( the research into health insurance even though I am a bookkeeper). He got upset and ended the conversation with me there. He Doha’s since made comment regarding me to my husband at work. I took his advice and went out in search of work. He has then decided that my husband works a set schedule(one he decided upon and did not confer with my husband as to if it will work) and has my husband working 10+ hour days. We do not have child care and can not afford full time care on our limited pay. My job with our friends company has allowed me to be a work from home mom so that my husband can work full time. When our friend terminated my job I told him that I would now need to work outside of the home and since we don’t have childcare and can’t afford it at this time a schedule would need to be worked out between my husband and I regarding how to care for our young child. I have since been offered a 3day a week part time job that would be Monday-Wednesday until we find l permanent child care allowing my husband to work evenings on those days or Thursday-Sunday. Despite telling me he would work with my husband on his schedule, our friend has now decided that he will not allow my husband to be off Monday-Wednesday and my husband can use his sick days to cover those missed shifts. Our friend has also decided that after 3 years of no set schedules no set vacation or sick days, that my husband is now only allowed 6 sick days a year and if he takes time outside of this days his job will be in jeopardy. If my husband loses his job, we also lose our apartment. My husband and I did not see any of this coming. Our work and living environment is hostile (we live above the business we work for and are neighbors). The conversations I have with our friend seem friendly and like we are trying to move forward but the conversations he has with my husband are more angry towards me. My question is, as salaried employees who have never signed an employment contract with our friend, do we have any legal rights? Washington is an ”at will” state so I know we can be terminated but is our boss allowed to terminate me in order to create a situation where he can force my husband into certain working conditions? I have read some on exempt vs non-exempt employees and I don’t really understand it.  Thanks for your response. It is less than 10 employees and we are getting out. [removed] How many employees does the company have? If under 10, you likely have little to no protection. You can file for unemployment. That's about it. This stuff is mostly wrong but not illegal for a very small business. You guys should find other jobs. 