 My grandmother who is in her nineties and in fairly good health other than her memory currently lives with my Aunt who is in her late 60s and severely disabled in a wheelchair with multiple health issues. The home is owned by my grandmother. Neither of them can drive. I am the only grandchild and live about 3 hours away. My aunt has no children. A year ago my father, who lives in Florida, set up their living arrangements so that my aunt would live in a rehab facility so she would have care available as my grandmother can not take care of her. She needs help with toileting, lifting into bed etc. About 4 months ago she checked herself out and moved herself back in with my grandmother. My father is very angry at both of them and basically washed his hands of the situation, so now it’s my problem to solve. My aunt has a 25 year old girl that she calls her daughter (an ex boyfriends child) coming in to clean once a week and check on them get groceries (she pays her to do these things). She uses my aunts car. She leaves her young children there for them to babysit? My grandmother has let her use her debit card. At the same time $5,500 in fraudulent charges were charged to my grandmothers debit card. And an additional $400 was sent to the girls husband who is currently in prison. My grandmother is often confused and sometimes does not remember what is happening. She sometimes doesn’t remember who I am or what has transpired on a given day. This 25 year old woman is preying on them financially and my aunt keeps letting her in the house saying “my daughter would never do these things”. She claims the money to the prison was an accident. My father would like my grandmother to come live in Florida with him where she would be safe. But she does not want to leave my aunt. I don’t know whether to call adult protective services, hire an elder law attorney, or do something else? I know my grandmother wants to stay in her house but my aunt keeps giving her fake daughter access to their house where she can go through their things and they’re very vulnerable. If my grandmother doesn’t understand what’s happening how can I legally keep her safe and keep this predatory woman away from her? Can I get a restraining order against this woman for my grandmother? Do I have to take her somewhere and have her memory evaluated again so she has to let us help her? About a year ago her doctor evaluated for Alzheimer’s and said she’s fine for a person in her 90’s. I can go help them on the weekends and I have two weeks off of work coming up that I can try to solve this issue. Thank you for all of your help.  There are a couple options. Your dad can apply for guardianship (also sometimes called conservatorship) over his mom. That would give him the right to make her decisions for her and require her to move. He should talk to an attorney about this. It is not easy. Calling APS is also a good option, especially if you don't plan on going through the court battle for conservatorship. 