 Hello, I am just wondering if this situation is legal. My husband's work laid everyone off for a week. Some people were upset because of that week of lost wages. What the employer did to "make up" for this was pay everybody for that missed week of work, and make everyone work 10 hours a week of overtime (so a total of 50 hours of work per week and a total of 40 overtime hours) for the next 4 weeks. My husband does not want to do this. He told them he doesn't want the week of back wages and not to pay him as he just wants to go back to work 40 hours a week as usual. But the employer already direct deposited that extra money, and now my husband has to write a check back to his employer for the "overpayment". The employees were not asked if they wanted this, they did it for everyone. To us it looks like for the next 4 weeks, the employer is getting 50 hours of work out of everyone each week for the next 4 weeks and doesn't have to pay overtime. Everybody agrees that this is stupid, but is it legal? This COULD be legal, if they: Pre-paid everyone, and kept track of the gross pay amount Paid employees for each week as it was worked (could be paid bi-weekly, or whatever, but must be calculated based on work week), including overtime (1.5x regular pay) for every hour worked over 40 in that work week Deducted 1/4 (or whatever portion) of the overpayment, and tracked it on the pay stub, so that both gross pay and taxes withheld were tracked for reporting on the W-2. If they did it this way, employees would get a regular week of pay for the week they didn't work, then a little less each week until the "debt" was paid off, but more than it sounds like the employer wants to do, which is to NOT pay them time-and-a-half, which is not legal. And I'm guessing that the method I proposed, while legal, may not be legal to do without the employee's written permission, but I'm actually not sure on that (it's not legal to deduct from pay without permission, but if they're doing it to claw back a pre-payment, even an unauthorized one, that may be legal). If they're not planning to incorporate time-and-a-half, though? Totally not legal. [\_Claim\_Form\_rev032018.pdf]() And here's New Mexico's Dept. of Workforce Solutions wage claim form.  If the employees aren't getting paid time-and-a-half for working over 40 hours a week, that's a violation of New Mexico's minimum wage laws: -4-22. Minimum wages. . An employee shall not be required to work more than forty hours in any week of seven days, unless the employee is paid one and one-half times the employee's regular hourly rate of pay for all hours worked in excess of forty hours. […] ([source]())