 Recently my mother was served with papers intended for myself. Said person who delivered asked for me by name. Mother said which one the father or son? Both have the same name. Person said doesn’t matter and handed her the folder. I haven’t opened the packet but she did and informed me it’s a court summoning. She even sent me a few pics via texts. This matter involves a car accident in which I rare ended someone in the highway. The claim was closed. The other driver is now suing because the insurance did not pay him medical expenses. The insurance deemed that the accident was not serious enough to pay more than for the auto repair. Now the car I was driving belongs to a friend who was in the passenger seat and gave me a verbal confirmation that I could drive the car. Once I heard about the court papers I called my insurance to see if I should file a claim with them. They said yes. I have sent all pictures of the accident. They interviewed me on the phone. They also want copies sent to hem of the court papers. Her is my question. Since I was not served I feel I shouldn’t open the papers. But if I have to send my insurance copies that means I will have to open the packet and review it. Should I open it or not? Should I have someone else do it and send the copies?  It sounds like you were served. Even if you're right and you weren't, not opening and handling the papers is a terrible idea. The other side believes you were served and undoubtedly has an affidavit of service. If you don't open the papers and don't do anything about them, the outcome is almost certainly default judgment against you. This is where your post turns childish. That depends entirely on jurisdiction, and usually an attempt to serve formally before just leaving them. In Texas, you must be served by a process server, and even knowing you’ve been sued doesn’t require you to respond to take action. However, if the party was diligent in trying to serve the papers, then they can ask for substituted service, which allows you to leave them nailed/tacked/taped to front door. You have insurance, so just let them handle it. They'll provide lawyers who will handle the case. All you need to do is follow their instructions. Not opening it and not responding to this will probably end up with a default judgement entered against you, which you will then appeal, and if you win, the whole process starts over again. There's no advantage to that because you have insurance. Yes you were served. That's valid service. You're being childish and this is not how the law works. Generally, you don't have be personally served. Mileage varies by location/jurisdiction, but if the papers are left at a usual place of abode with someone of an appropriate nature that will notify the actual recipient of the papers, that's typically sufficient service. The general thought that you have to be "tagged" with the papers, or even read them doesn't really need to be done for service of process. In any event, your insurance is going to worry about it, now. If they thought you had a defense against service of process, they'd be the ones to handle it. Not you.