 Hi Reddit. 3 years ago I borrowed my then friend ~200 euros because he wanted "some extra cash" for christmas, I gave it to him and over the 6 following months he said he would pay me back "next month". I moved after that to start studying at collage. I wasn't the only person he got money from either, I believe he got 100-200 euro from 2 or 3 more individuals from class which he hasn't paid back either. Now I have our old conversations from back then saved on facebook which proves that I lent him money and that it was NOT a gift. He have removed all friends from back then and made a new account. I have asked my bank to get all the transactions I made back then to have some proof both from facebook and my bank. Now, I wonder how I should proceed to get my 200 euros back, I don't care about the others money, they can go through this themselves if they want to. I have tried adding him on facebook but he ignores my request, he has a girlfriend which I already have as a friend on facebook since we went to the same school before. Should I try to contact him again before I start asking her? And if she doesn't respond in a good way towards me asking about payback, how can I get him to pay me my money back? Is there something that I can do? Sweden, EU. Looks like you have a claim based on the [statue of limitations on debt in Sweden](). Because of the small amount, you'd go to a [small claims court.](=1) Not really sure if 200 euros is worth it. Though you may be able to make your friend cover the costs of your litigation based on how the claim goes. . The party that wins the case only has the right to compensation for one hour’s legal advice on one occasion at each court, as well as the application fee, travel and subsistence expenses in connection with the court session, the costs of evidence from witnesses, and the costs of translating documents. The compensation will be awarded if the costs were claimed reasonably in order for the winning party to be able to enforce his or her rights. The remuneration of representatives is therefore not compensated for, over and above the amount corresponding to one hour’s advice.  Do they have small claims court in the EU, because that would normally be the next step advice?