 I received a meeting invitation from one of our senior HR Business Partners (HRBP) this morning requesting I attend a meeting later this week with herself, a colleague and my HRBP (we work in different functions). The invitation was short and contained no context with the only instruction being to contact my HRBP if I had any questions. So I did - I reached out and we had a call a few minutes ago (I work remotely about 20% of the time) where my HRBP informed me that the meeting had been called so that the colleague could have a safe space to address the event in which I was inappropriate and why she felt uncomfortable. MY HRBP explained that the colleague and one of her friends had approached their HR rep to describe an incident and to request the appropriate proceedings - the impending informal meeting being the first step. I had to stop my HR colleagues explanation though to ask who the colleague actually was - I don't work with her (different functions in a site of approx. 1,000 people) and don't have any social interactions with her beyond her being at the periphery of a 2 minute water cooler conversation I had about a sporting event with one of her colleagues yesterday . My HR rep was surprised as she expected me to be giving my side of whatever happened as seemingly the colleague was quite upset due to the impact of the interaction. the purpose of todays call was so that I wasn't walking into the meeting "blind" The problem is I have absolutely no idea what the interaction is supposed to have been - I was on annual leave last week and have no memory of even seeing this person in months. I requested the HRBP's to confirm it wasn't mistaken identity but they've responded that they are 100% it involves me. I've requested details in advance but the process seemingly is not designed to have one party unaware of the context so they aren't in a position to share seemingly without compromising the other party. The format of the meeting is for the colleague to explain the situation as she experienced it and to further explain how it made her uncomfortable While I fully respect that she should have the right and be empowered to be supported I can't help but feel I'm walking into an ambush in this session. For context - I've never in my career had any accusation ever raised in any context. I'm a recognised advocate in this company, other companies and on national bodies for diversity and inclusion. I've been wracking my brain and trawling through my calendar but I've no regular professional or social interaction with this woman so have no notion of what has occurred or how liable I could be if she decides that the informal session later in the week doesn't result on her desired outcome. Legally - do I have a right to challenge the accusation? She has a supporting witness who has made an informal statement also - can I (should I) request that this be made formal so I can challenge the witness? Should I attend the session - suck it up and apologise that she may have been offended by something that happened that I have no context of? If I do acknowledge her accusation am I liable for further repercussions? Any and all advice would be gratefully received as I'm both all at sea and completely in the dark  Appreciate the guidance - I hadn’t found a local sub but will do that now. Thanks again  I would recommend /r/legaladviceUK for this, as this sub is mainly US based and we've got different laws regarding employment. My mistake - apologies as thought I had but edit in now to show UK based. Would not apologising or acknowledging the event potentially aggravate the situation? This is obviously something that has affected her so much that she brought a witness to HR and initiated proceedings against me - while at the same time being something that I have absolutely no context or memory of. I haven't seen this women in person on months when we were part of a site management team exercise designed to introduce people from different areas. All I can think of is the well worn adage that HR is there to protect the company not the individual. Can I/should request that the accusations be formal so that I can challenge them? Or is that the worst idea ever? Location is not optional, please provide. I'll assume generic US for now. You need to hear what the accusations are before you can combat them. Legally, you have no real recourse against a company's internal policies unless they violate the rights of a protected class. My suggestion is to go to the meeting and learn what the accusations are. I wouldn't apologize before knowing them.