  I’m a US citizen who travels by unpaid house sitting (through various platforms). I have an upcoming house sit in Canada but am leery of crossing the border as when I tried to re-enter England at Heathrow this past year to house sit I was detained for 20 hours, told it was “work”, then immediately sent back to the US, thus ending my trip around Europe. But the first time I entered England at Gatwick four months prior and I told them I was house sitting, the guy said that was neat and would look into it for himself for travel, and I was allowed to enter for 45 days. So now I have a denied entry stamp in my passport. Which I am worried will give me issues in answering questions at border crossing in the future, especially if I’m house sitting. The house sit in Canada is for 12 days. I haven’t found ANY info on whether house sitting is considered “work” in Canada and thereby needs a separate visa. I’m watching her kitties for free while being in her apartment, and that’s it. FWIW, I’m also a freelance writer in the US. That also got me flagged in the UK. I don’t currently have a gig, however. What I’ve gleaned about border crossings from my own and others’ experiences: 1. Be concise, answer only what asked 2. Don’t be chatty with border officers, do be smiley and polite 3. Don’t be exhausted from a 3am, 6-hour flight 4. Know your return date,or have a ticket home (I’m driving to CA, so how does that work?) 5. Have plenty of available funds and proof of them (I did and do, and was still denied into the UK) 6. Don’t have a freelance job, or don’t have a current gig 7. Have a lease (I don’t, but I have a permanent addy and have had it for 7 months) 8. No headgear, sunglasses, trash in car, or chewing gum. Look good, but not too good. 9. Don’t be nervous (yeah, I was legit traumatized by that UK experience—don’t know how to pull this one off without doing a few dry runs across the border) TL;DR: What do I need to have and to say to easily and legally cross the border into Canada to watch someone’s cats? And what issues will I run into with that denied entry stamp? Maybe. But being treated like a criminal and shoved into a hole with no recourse for 20 hours while border officers pored over my life, then abruptly and without recourse cut short the trip of a lifetime, really made me wake the f\ up about the privileges I thought I had while traveling. I have no idea how concerned they'll be and I can't think it'll be easy breezy. I already made that mistake. I will probably have this stain on my passport forever unless I shell out serious cash for a visa/pre-approval back to the UK and get admitted with a shiny stamp. And I did say I was also there to visit friends, which was also hella true. I just happened to be cat sitting, too. Lots of things ping their radar, I think--female, speaks the language, no lease, float-y type of job. Questions beget questions, and holding onto half truths was never my strength under normal circumstances, let alone a wicked grilling. I think you’re looking too far into this. If they are that concerned about what you’re doing in Canada for 12 days, I don’t think a trip to another country for 12 days out of your life to watch a CAT is that good of a reason. I would definitely stick to the visiting family or friends option.  I think that triggers follow up questions, which can easily be disproved. That stamp will haunt me forever, I think. Unless I renew my passport or apply for a pre-approved UK visa, get in, and cancel that stamp, which could cost about $400. The UK folks DID call the owner of the cat I was supposed to watch, and the poor guy explained I wasn't being paid, but none of it mattered. The truth is best, but if I can say, hey, I'm watching a friend's cat, I wonder if that would be good enough along with an EDL. I would have to ask the kittie's owner to lie for me to the border guards, if it gets that far. I really don't want to do that. If I have an EDL (enhanced driver's license) would that not raise red flags? Can I have a passport and an EDL? Edit: Also, is this info shared outside the UK? What will other countries know about this if, say, I renew my passport, which I need to do soon anywho? Why not just say you are travelling and visiting friends and family for 12 days? I’ve crossed the border to literally go ‘shopping’ in the USA and never had any problems.  Working (including caretaking of property and/or animals) in exchange for accommodations or other benefits in kind is generally still considered working and is usually a violation of the terms of most tourist permissions and visas. Some border officials might not know or care and might let you through anyway, but others may deny you entry if you tell them what you are doing (and yes, when they see your UK denial it is likely to raise some suspicions...). It is never a good idea to lie to immigration officials, so if you want to continue with this endeavour, you may simply have to accept the risk of being turned away.  Off-topic, but international house-sitting? Best. Job. Ever.