 Until June 2017, I was a high school teacher in MN. I worked for School 1 from March 2013-June 2014; I left due to a non-renewal of my contract. Upon leaving, the principal of the school wrote me a positive letter of recommendation and I had assumed we parted on good terms. I then worked for School 2 for three years, but this isn’t about them. I left teaching permanently (or so I thought) in June 2017 when I left that school. I have been job searching ever since. I have applied to over 650 jobs and have not had luck beyond temporary and seasonal positions. I found out from one of my temporary jobs that they called School 1 and the principal told them she “hardly remembers [me] because it was so long ago”. I had another job prospect through the state and they wanted a complete job history. By now, I had fully stopped using School 1 as any sort of reference beyond stating I worked there, but this new job prospect made a point of explaining they’d be contacting all jobs I’d ever worked. They told me they talked to the principal of School 1 and she had said I “had inappropriate interactions with students on Facebook.” First, I don’t allow students to be friends with me until they are 18, have graduated, and are no longer my students. Second, former students are put on a very specific filter and see almost nothing from me. Third, I haven’t even had a Facebook account in nearly a year. Fourth, there is absolutely no way whatsoever this alleged incident(s) could have happened. It is clear she has been falsifying information about me. Im not terribly interested in suing her (why bother, really? It would be far too stressful and expensive for me; also, I taught three of her kids and don’t really want to punish the kids — who I like — for their mother being awful) despite having a decent case for defamation and likely the end of any potential teaching career. My question is: can I/should I try to ask a lawyer to send her some sort of formal cease and desist to get her to refrain from commenting on anything other than my employment dates? How do I do this?  I’m concerned that claiming that on an application could come back to bite me. Plus, many organizations contact the place of employment to verify dates anyway and I know they’d find out I lied then. And School 1 is so small, it’d be that principal answering anyway, as she does HR as well. Also, I’m not terribly sure I could sue, even if I wanted to. I’m fairly confident her lying has prevented me from getting a job, but that’s so hard to prove. I simply want her to stop. I don’t even know why she would want to do this. Could you get away with saying the principle you worked with moved on/retired so they’re unavailable? Education definitely makes this tricky, but either that or you send a C D to the principle that forces him/her to have “no comment” when asked for a reference. Claiming termination for inappropriate contact with a student is slander or libel, for sure. If you have damages from such a claim you could sue if you wanted to.  So by “actionable”, what do you mean? I’m not terribly interested in suing, but I want her to stop falsifying this information. Should I contact her and try to have a nice conversation? Like “hey, I’ve been trying to apply to jobs and have gotten some confusing reports regarding your comments about my employment there. Can we discuss this?” Or should I skip straight to a lawyer-written cease and desist letter? Also, I’m super poor (unemployed, yay) so is this something that is generally expensive? Unfortunately it’s a charter school and they’re sort of seen as their own districts. Technically it falls under Minneapolis Public Schools, but I still have to list the specific school (there are hundreds within that umbrella) and have to list the principal — especially if I ever want to teach again. She is perfectly fine to say she doesn’t remember anything about you, but saying you had inappropriate contact with a student (if false) is actionable.  It’s completely legal to give an honest, negative reference just about everywhere in the US. So “it’s illegal in Canada” is irrelevant.  I did look up MN laws and an employer can comment on things that are true, but School 1 is completely falsifying this information. Also, last contact I had with this principal, everything was good. I feel like if she no longer wanted to comment on me, she should have contacted me and told me not to use her reference letter anymore, rather than create an elaborate lie that destroyed my career. The school district should be able to confirm your employment, without the principle commenting. Can you list yourself as a teacher in the school district without the school being mentioned? You can also hire an attorney to write a cease and desist to the principle.  Cool. Not relevant in MN.  In Canada it's illegal to give a bad reference about a formal employee. You can either give a good one, or not comment. Sorry I can't be of more help. Good luck! 