 When my father was in art school he was friends with a guy whose artwork today can auction off for about $50k. He has two pieces by him that he's had for several decades. I never thought anything of how he actually acquired them as I knew they were good friends. My parents divorced in the last few years and my mother told me that he may have actually stolen it. Not like burglary but a long time ago they had friends over and she overheard the friends say to my father "oh my god, you still have that?!" and either she heard or got the impression that when my father got it way back when it was supposed to be temporary (either lent to him or for storage for example) and he just never gave it back. I don't know if this was malicious. They no longer are friends and haven't been for decades, I'm sure that ties into this somehow. Obviously I can ask my parents the truth behind it and one day I will (though they can lie), and also knowing that it's possible my mother is just saying this to be malicious, who actually owns this art? Who owns it if my father passes? If the artist has also passed, is this something that could be auctioned or donated?  Funny, I never thought about it that way but you might be right! Thank you! My impression from the statement "you still have that?" would be more of a "wow, I can't believe you kept that" sort of thing. Not that it was stolen, but that the artist gave it to him and can't believe he hung on to it. It sounds like your father owns it.  My advice would be to leave out the sketchy part about it maybe being stolen and just say that they belonged to your father. Take them to a certified appraiser. If they’ve been valued before then they should have some type of a stamp on the back or certificate depending on how old they are. If they have these then you can contact the place that appraised them and save yourself the money. Many auction and appraisal houses can give you an auction value before appraisal so you can tell if you want to spend the money usually about $200 to have a formal appraisal. Any art by a well known artist or of significant value has to be authenticated to receive the highest price in the market. Some buyers won’t even consider it if not. Hope that helps. 