 An old boss (well call him Joe) of mine recently passed away and one his 9 kids (we will call him Jr) contacted me asking about the will I signed witness to. I have absolutely no recollection of signing it but the handwriting/signature looks like mine. Jr pointed out another person signed with me , (another coworker at the time) and he doesn't recall signing it either. He said that's his signature and handwriting but has no recollection of signing it. Joes wife is a known con artist and owned the business with Joe. That being said, our signatures and the info we allegedly wrote on the contract, she has all of it already from all the paperwork we had to sign at the company, making it much easier to forge/fake. Jr wants me to testify in court tomorrow that I didn't sign it. It clearly states I'm facing purgary (I believe) if I were to lie in court about it. I don't know if I should go to court or not. If I do, I plan on saying the truth: "That appears to be my signature, and that handwriting looks like mine, but I have no recollection of any of this." Is that a good way to go? And If it turns out she did forge my signature on the will am I entitled to some sort of compensation? After Joe died she kicked out all of the 9 kids and the will gives her EVERYTHING while the kids get nothing. She also scammed my father, he started a go fund me for Joes headstone and money to help the family, she took all of it and has yet to buy a headstone (she wont). I am very nervous and i apologize if this is hard to read I'm using mobile. Any advice is greatly appreciated. If it helps, I am located in Indiana. And any additional information anyone wants i will provide. Greatly appreciated. I'm only 25 I don't know the legal system at all. TL;DR A known con artist may have forged my signature on her husband's will and i don't know what to do.  Update: The other witness remembers signing it now. I have to sign a deposition. I just don't recall. Thanks again! [removed] I just got off the phone with my old co-workers lawyer, and I told him what I was going to say and he said that's exactly what you have to do or that's at least what he recommended If you're asked about teh signature, be very careful how you answer. "That looks like my signature" is a truthful statement, but it's different from saying, "That's my signature." If they force you to answer "Is that your signature" with a yes or no, then answer no, because you don't recall signing it. [removed] I'm not even really looking for compensation out of this. All I want is for my old boss to have his will be fulfilled. As long as that is his actual will if that makes any sense I'm not sure why it's happening now. I believe Jrs grandma (Joes mom) is taking the woman to court and thinks she's gonna win. I was told 2 days ago. They've have so much going on i understand about telling me short notice. If it is the truth, you should appear in court and honestly testify that you have no recollection of ever having been asked about the will, or asked to sign any will, or recall having signed any such will. You're not familiar with the terms, nor were you ever asked publicly or privately about them. I would leave out the bit about recognizing the signature unless explicitly asked. There's no reason you couldn't provide this in an affidavit instead of with testimony but this is pretty short notice. Why are you just being asked now? It's unlikely you are owed any damages, but the widow and her accomplices may face severe legal ramifications for what has happened if it is discovered to be fraud.