 So at the start of the summer me and my dad decided to build a garage because living in a snowy state we were sick of cleaning our cars every morning + extra storage wont hurt. My dad decides to ask his real estate agent if he knows anyone who can help him out. He says he knows some people, I dont stereotype but who he found was a bunch of crack heads. (Missing teeth and messed up skin.) They come out to our house with like 6-8 people making it look like they're legit and a company. They take measurements and say they'll give us a bid. They were pretty well spoken and all of them seemed like they look the part, And the price was good so we accepted and put down a down payment. They clear out some branches, Pull out a tree stump, Put markers down, and start digging a hole for the concrete. This already took them about 2 1/2 months, they were digging the hole for about 2 months. So they completely disappear not answering the phones even if they ring for about a full month. They mess around for about a week and we ask them why the concrete isn't poured yet, He says he's waiting on the building permit and its taking them about a month and its should be anyday now. So my brother calls the city and finds out there is no building permit for our address and he gets in a fight with the boss. Apparently he's not licensed and thats why he gave us a such a good price (not even a good price for unlicensed work.) So at this point these guys have about 8 grand from us and my backyard is torn apart completely. My brother tries to work with him so he gets a home builder permit and hires a diffrent company to pour the concrete. These guys then come again and ask for more money to get the building kit. We give them the money and the bring everything over to our house except the garage door. (which we gave them money for.) Now all of these 2x4 and plywood has been laying around my whole yard for 2 months and the barley have put any structure together. They come for about 4-5 hours a week to pretend like they work on it. We started this project in the summer so we can have space to put all our stuff from our shed somewhere well ahead of the winter. Well today is the first Snow Day and we dont have nowhere to put a sheds worth of stuff because we got rid of it. So no we have Tools and everything else we have sitting outside in the wet barley protected by a tarp. Im just want some suggestions, Maybe Small Claims Court?, I looked up his name online he has a pretty big track record for scamming people and things like that. Im at the point where we just should accept the loss and hire another company to finish it before we have a bunch of 2x4s and planks laying around all winter and get ruined under the snow. TL;DR: Decided to build garage at start of summer, Its first snow day now and garage is still not done plus all of our stuff we planned to put inside is getting ruined, workers come for 2-5 hours a WEEK and nothing gets done at all. Workers have more money we've gave them than materials and work they have put in. 