 Alright so I was cut off multiple times and brake checked constantly which resulted in me rear ending a driver. I pulled over at my apt complex and the police showed up. She was charged with Negligent driving 2nd degree while I was charged with nothing and she has no insurance and has not had it for over a year she also was not driving her car but her moms I believe. I stopped by the police station today and picked up the police report and this is what it says, []() I'm Unit 2 and she is Unit 1. I also did not have full coverage insurance at the time and only had liability, when I rear ended her it resulted in dents and now one of my doors is having problems opening. My van is a import ad quite expense to get fixed. Any advice? From looking at the police report it doesn't really specify who is at fault other then her being charged? Does that mean she's at fault? Do I have to take her to small clams court? You're not going to get anything from her, shes not going to get anything from you, just move on. Also, probably want to black out your insurance info as well. its got your policy number on there. not a big deal but someone who works for state farm can dox you. It's not down to the police to make a determination of fault. They sometimes do,and they're often completely wrong -- or at least inconsistent with what a trial court would find. Your recourse here would be to get estimates of the damage, and sue her in small claims court.  The narrative in the police report is consistent with the other driver doing what you said they did; sped ahead, swerved in front, and hit the brakes. In general, police will facilitate the exchange of insurance information after such a collision. If you didn't get her insurance information, then she probably doesn't have it. The general recourse is to sue her. Small Claims in Washington can be for disputes of up to $5000. Did you get her name and address ? Her defense will be that you should have maintained a safe following distance. Your counter-argument will be your narrative and the police report, supported by the police citation for negligent driving. I like your chances of winning, but not of collecting, since your average uninsured road-rager doesn't have a lot of money. I think that a P.I. can get a registered owner's name and address from a license plate in Washington, for exactly this sort of litigation purpose. That would let you sue the actual registered owner as well as the driver, under the theory of negligent entrustment. Since you have no insurance that would pay you, and she has no insurance, then the only way you're getting any money is via a lawsuit. Given the police report, it seems like you would have a strong case in small claims. Go get several estimates to fix your car, then take the lowest one (that you feel confident in) and file a small claims lawsuit.  The only way to receive compensation from her for repairs would be to take her to small claims court. You will also want proof of the citations she received when you take her to court.