 I'm a student in Oregon and at my university it's ridiculously tough to find parking, unless you pay $400 for a parking pass. I've been parking on a street next to a parking lot (on campus), and both the street and parking lot don't have a single sign stating you need a permit to park there. The appeal process requires I pay along with my appeal and knowing how corrupt my university is, there is zero chance my appeal will be considered, and I'm definitely losing that money. I know taking them to court would be a long shot but is that my next step if my appeal is denied? Is the street you park on a private road on campus, or a city street ? Does the parking lot have a limited-access gate ? It is very common that parking tickets require you to pay the fine in order to contest the ticket. This is normal. If I were disputing a citation like this, I would walk a couple of blocks in either direction and find the nearest place that there is signage. If that's a sign at the front gate of the school saying "parking permits required at all times in all places", OK, you can start with that.   The other option is to not pay the ticket and see what happens. Probably nothing good. Some places will withhold transcripts if debts are owed. Nope, there is usually a sign posted. No shit I'm not going to do anything yet. I've been going to this school for 4 years and know the administration. The chances of them accepting my appeal are very slim. The purpose of this post was to find out what to do if they reject my appeal. Seeing I have to turn in my appeal in the next few days, I want to be ready for what I'll have to do next (legally) if they reject it. That's why at the end of the original post I said "if my appeal is rejected".. Then I guess don't do anything at all for fear of "most likely"s.  Does the student handbook or any documentation you were provided or signed state parking is by permit only? Yes, no permit. If it was the simple I would. But the university will likely claim it is a justified ticket, and the city will most likely back them because without the school the city would be a small no-name town. What, exactly, were you ticketed for? Lack of a permit? What would you "take them to court" for? You can call the city and university to let them know about the insufficient signage. 