 Myself and other members of my family suspect that Rachel, my 10 year old cousin is suffering from emotional child abuse from her parents, specifically one of them. (Obviously, all names have been changed.) Background : Her parents, Ashley and Teresa are a lesbian couple that aren't our blood relatives but one of them (Teresa, the non-biological mother and the main abuser) is a life long friend of my aunt Kristine and is disabled, so my aunt invited her, her wife and their daughter to live with her, as she, my aunt, is unmarried, lonely, and had a big house to herself. They have lived with Kristine for probably 7 years, maybe more, I'm not sure. But basically despite not being blood relatives they are very much a part of our family and Rachel was welcomed with open arms and we all love her very much. It's also probably worth mentioning that my aunt Kristine pays for basically everything, including Rachel's extremely expensive private school tuition. Everyone in the family aside from myself and my parents live in Texas. We live in Tennessee. The abuse : Rachel's bio mom, Ashley isn't necessarily abusive per se but has never really seemed to care much about Rachel. She does however post photos of her online all the time saying how proud she is and how much she loves her, etc. However her in-person behavior does not reflect her social media mom persona. Ashley had a rough upbringing so I'm not sure if she just doesn't notice the abuse coming from her wife or she just doesn't care. I feel like this stems from the fact that she feels as though Rachel kind of stole her youth, as Ashley was in her early twenties and single when Rachel was born. Ashley has also said things to me multiple times along the lines of "don't have kids, they ruin your life". Obviously because of this I get the feeling that she doesn't want her daughter at all. She and her wife also take every chance they can get to push her off on other members of our family, namely my other aunt Kathleen, so they don't have to deal with her or take care of her. Often in the summer and at holidays, my aunt Kathleen brings Rachel to Tennessee for weeks at a time. Ashley's wife Teresa is the main perpetrator. She has been known to inflict some physical abuse but I believe that it's mostly emotional. Specific examples of physical abuse : when Rachel was ~1-2 years old, she bit Teresa, as babies often do, and Teresa claims to have bitten her back as hard as she could. At some point in the last year or so, I'm not sure exactly, Teresa was doing something with the hose in the back yard and Rachel was kind of standing on the hose. Teresa yanked the hose our from under Rachel and caused her to fall. She ran into the house crying and saying "she did it on purpose". Teresa of course denied this. Rachel is also incredibly small for her age. Her doctors have asked that she be given whole milk and that she eat more but they refuse to do this. She is often denied getting a second helping of food at dinner. She usually looks sickly and malnourished. When Kathleen brings her to Tennessee, after about a week she looks considerably healthier, so this tells me it is caused by how they feed her and her home environment. Her parents say that she's picky and will only eat junk food but when she's here, my parents and aunt have no trouble getting her to eat and she often tries new things that her parents say she refuses to eat at home. Ashley has also mentioned to Kathleen that Teresa has hit Rachel with a belt as punishment. I know there are more examples of Teresa being abusive but these are ones that I know of off the top of my head. As for emotional abuse, Teresa is very mean to Rachel for absolutely no reason. She and Ashley act like Rachel is a horrible child and treat her as such which is ridiculous because Rachel is the most well behaved child I've ever been around. She gets excited and hyper sometimes but come on, she's a kid, that's what they do and it isn't even excessive. (I was much crazier at her age.) They very often tell Rachel that they're going to go somewhere or do something fun, purposefully get her really excited about it to rile her up and then cancel the plans as punishment for getting too excited and crazy. If anyone in the family witnesses her excessive meanness and says anything, it gets taken out on Rachel. It's also really weird because Teresa will like, explode at Rachel and then for a few days afterwards she'll be super lovey and sweet. The doctor has also recommended that Rachel see a therapist but they refuse to take her to one. I suspect it's because they're afraid she will tell the therapist about abusive things that they do. Specific example of emotional abuse : in the most recent explosion I heard about, Ashley and Teresa had some friends over for dinner who have a child that's one of Rachel's classmates. They were talking about the children needing mouth guards for school (I assume something to do with PE but I'm not sure). The school provides sanitized, used mouth guards or one can be purchased for $7. Teresa said something about there's nothing wrong with Rachel using the school provided mouth guards but understandably, Rachel would like her own (can't blame her, I would too. Even if they're sanitized, you never know). The father of the couple visiting turned to Rachel and said something along the lines of "when it comes to things like this you need to have a well laid out argument. Make your statement, use examples and logical reasons to back it up." You know, just basic information on how to politely and respectfully ask for something. Rachel thought about it for a minute and laid out her reasoning to her mothers. Well, Teresa FREAKED out. She started yelling at her for being disrespectful in front of guests, yadda yadda yadda. My aunt Kathleen was there too and said later that as soon as that dad started talking she was mentally willing him to stop because she knew Teresa would explode like that. It is not uncommon at all for Teresa to scream at Rachel like this in similarly innocent situations. Maybe relevant : Sometimes when she thinks no one is looking, you can see Teresa look at Rachel with a look of hatred and disdain in her eyes. It's very chilling. As I mentioned before, they live with my aunt Kristine. She never really says anything when these moments of abuse happen. My mom and I aren't sure if it's because she's afraid of them leaving and her being alone or what. I kinda feel like they've brainwashed her into not even realizing what's going on. My aunt, her daughter, my mom and I don't know what to do. Any attempt to defend Rachel ends up with Teresa and Ashley taking it out on her later and making it worse for her. I keep saying that they need to contact CPS but we don't know how to gather evidence of the abuse to make a case. Rachel loves her parents and clearly doesn't know any better that their behavior is abusive. Something needs to be done about it, but we don't want to do anything that could harm Rachel. I've suggested my aunt and cousin record all conversations they have with Teresa and maybe get a nanny cam for Rachel's room, but I'm not sure if either of these things are against the law in Texas and if anything could be used in a case. Especially considering it's not their home. What can we do in this situation? How can we go about gathering evidence of the abuse to eventually take to authorities? Will these stories count as we have no tangible way to show that they've happened? What rights do we have considering they Rachel, Ashley, and Teresa aren't our blood relatives? Any help is greatly appreciated. Thank you! That makes sense to me - that’s why I think having such a detailed log will put things in context for CPS, as well as the pediatrician’s concern. I think you mentioning that she puts on a good face in public and punishes her in private, especially if someone sticks up for her, will also help. You can tell them that you fear retaliation if CPS investigates, and ask about how they’d protect her in that case. Also, unfortunately, it’s not a guarantee things will change, either. But if you don’t make a report, they definitely won’t change.  My fear in not having that available was just that CPS will come and they'll see a nice house and big loving family and write off the concern. I've just heard so many stories of horrible people getting their kids back so I'm paranoid about it. I guess it's not exactly rational I just love her so much and don't want anything else bad to happen to her, ya know ? You don’t have to investigate or make an airtight case. Your log is evidence. CPS will do the investigation. Thanks! I hadn't considered that. My mom and I were also wondering last night if her teachers notice anything, but as we're not legal guardians we wouldn't be able to ask. Thanks for your input. Have a great day! Thanks for your reply! I will talk to my family so we can start to get a log together with more details. I just wasn't sure if this kind of thing, without any tangible proof would be useful. Thanks again. You’ve listed quite a bit of evidence. I’d recommend adding the dates/approximate dates/times (whatever you have) and using it to make a log detailing out what you just wrote here. I’d recommend also including names and contact info of others who witnessed these incidents. Thank you for helping her. When abuse goes on in front of other adults who do nothing, the child learns that this is normal, or that they deserve it, or that there is no one out there who will help them when they need help.  If Rachel's pediatrician is already concerned about failure to thrive, you can bet that doctor is considering calling CPS. You can do the same, if you have concerns - they'll investigate and make a determination, then take steps to protect Rachel if necessary, which could range from recommending parenting classes and improving Rachel's diet all the way up to immediately removing Rachel from their care.