 Kind of long, so TLDR at end. Earlier this week, I walked to my local DMV (live right next to it) to renew the tabs on my vehicle. I had waited until the deadline (actually a day or two past, but didn't need to drive in the days it was expired), which I shouldn't have, but it shouldn't be a problem usually. So, the charge is for $262. I don't have that amount in bills sitting around, and they charge a 2.5% fee to use credit or debit cards. I had a large amount of golden dollar coins ($1 each) given to me as a gift some time ago, so I figured I'd use a portion of those to pay the $262. They are in $25 rolls, so ten rolls, and then an additional 12 loose coins. I walk in, get called up, show them the renewal form, and when it comes time to pay I put the rolls and 12 loose coins on the counter. She tells me she can't accept that, and when I inquire why, she states they have a county wide policy that change is not accepted for payments of over $10, it must be cash, check or cc/debit card. So I end up walking home with no new tabs. When I renewed my tabs two years ago, I paid half in quarters and half in dollar bills, and it was accepted, so I don't know if that person didn't care or this policy wasn't in effect then. With this $262, I wasn't trying to cause more work for them or doing it to be a jerk, it's simply what I had available to pay, and all but 12 coins were in rolls. The Department of Treasury states [on their website]() that: the Coinage Act of 1965, specifically Section 31 U.S.C. 5103, entitled "Legal tender," which states: "United States coins and currency (including Federal reserve notes and circulating notes of Federal reserve banks and national banks) are legal tender for all debts, public charges, taxes, and dues." This statute means that all United States money as identified above are a valid and legal offer of payment for debts when tendered to a creditor. There is, however, no Federal statute mandating that a private business, a person or an organization must accept currency or coins as for payment for goods and/or services. Private businesses are free to develop their own policies on whether or not to accept cash unless there is a State law which says otherwise. Please tell me if I'm wrong, as I'm no lawyer, but the way I interpret this is that while private businesses have the right to put into place policies such as the one the DMV has that prohibit payment with certain types of currency when it comes to "goods and/or services", the DMV, being a government agency, must accept "legal tender for all debts, public charges, taxes, and dues". My coins are legal tender, and I would consider the tab renewal fee to be a tax/due. Does this policy of not accepting change for payments over $10 sound legal? I can't drive to the bank to exchange the coins, as my tabs are expired. This isn't a horrible situation, as 2.5% to use a credit/debit card, even on $262, doesn't amount to a whole lot, neither does an ATM fee. It's just the fact that I have a form of US currency with me in the correct amount, and am trying to pay a legally required fee/tax to a government agency, so it's frustrating that I'm not allowed to do that. So I guess I'm just making this post out of curiosity. I've contacted my states department of revenue, but figured I'd check here to see what you guys thought. Thank you for taking the time to read this. TLDR: Are DMVs allowed to refuse to accept change as payment?