 I have a friend in prison who filed a pro se lawsuit against a doctor who my friend says gave grossly negligent and harmful medical care. My friend cross-examined the doctor in court and there were apparently multiple moments where the doctor was caught in a lie or couldn’t give an answer to a question. Ultimately though, the judge ruled against my friend, citing that the doctor may have given terrible care, but the doctor had cut my friend a prescription for some NSAIDs, which showed the doctor did not have “willful indifference” or something along those lines. So my friend ordered court transcripts in anticipation of an appeal, and the transcripts are missing all the portions of the cross-examination that framed the doctor in a bad light. He mentioned this to me with a sense of defeat and was not asking or expecting me to do anything about it, but this really bothers me, more as a citizen than as a friend. How would I get the state to investigate this? TL; DR Court deleted portions of court transcript that lend credence to a prisoner’s lawsuit.  I would be incredibly skeptical of his version of events here. Flippant questions of that nature, while popular on television shows, are a surefire way to be overruled and have the judge look unfavorably upon you. There's no reason both parties would be telling him that he was the "best pro se litigant they ever saw," and given the court process I'm not sure when they even would have had an opportunity to. It appears your friend is revising the truth to some degree to make it appear as though court bias, rather than his behavior at court is a reason for the outcome.  Hmm. That's really not what happened. The line of questioning yielded exactly what my friend intended and the doctor was left with egg on his face. One example he gave me involved the doctor writing "patient is active playing basketball" in the chart -- this note had prevented my friend from getting imaging on his knee. The doctor said in court that he meant my friend was playing basketball at the time of injury -- weeks before the office visit. So my friend starts asking the doctor about his education and whether he had taken English classes in college. Defense objects. Judge overrules. My friend then asks the doctor how it is with all that education that he doesn't know when to use past vs present tense. After thirty seconds of silence, the doctor says, "I cannot answer that." This whole line of questioning got deleted. My friend isn't a lawyer but, aside from one drunken night when he got robbed at gunpoint, wrestled the gun away, and made a poor decision, he is extremely intelligent. Both the defense attorney and the judge told him afterwards that he was the best pro se litigant they had ever seen. At any rate, I don't think I'll push the matter. Thank you for your responses. They can strike an entire line of questioning, sounds like that's what happened. There were a lot of objections, the judge gave him the benefit of the doubt and let him keep going, then it didn't yield whatever result your friend intended and the entire thing had to be chucked.  I’m not saying he is lying. I am saying that is is likely to simply be wrong/confused.  If I were reading this on a reddit forum I'd be similarly skeptical, but this is someone I've know for 30 years, since we were nine years old, and he had nothing to gain by lying about it to me -- he really had no expectation that I'd do anything about it. But if you're doubtful, I get it.  The court is the judge. The terms are interchangeable in legal usage. This makes sense. However, he specifically mentioned a portion of the cross-examination where the defense objected to his questions and the judge overruled. Maybe I watch too much TV, but I've always thought of things being "stricken from the record" over sustained objections made in court, not overruled ones. Please quote the part of my post where I (or my friend) say the judge was responsible for this. You (and your friend) have you evidence whatsoever that the judge was responsible for this. Judges don't control transcripts. You might want to consider whether your friend's account of the facts are entirely accurate.  The judge didn’t do this, first, they don’t control the transcript, second even if they did, they did not throw away their career over your friends med mal case. Your friend lost because he sued a doctor for medmal (most difficult to argue by the way) pro se, not because someone is setting him up. I'm sure there were MANY objections to his questions, considering he is not an attorney trained to appropriately cross examine, and that results in them being struck from the record sometimes. You don't get the state to investigate this, it's your friend not understanding the outcome. 