 Apologies for a "dog custody" question, because i know everyone hates those, and that dog custody isn't a thing! My girlfriend and i broke up. I moved back in with my parents and i took the dog with me. We had split the cost of the dog (vet bills, purchase price, etc.) . The Dog is not chipped at this point. My ex has posted on facebook that she "went to the courthouse" about getting the dog back. What could she be doing at the courthouse? Just filing a small claim against me for the COST of the dog, right? And what can i do to protect my ownership of the dog? Should i get her chipped? Should i send my ex her half of the funds spent on the dog?  's not great for you I know right? I'm not sure if i've got the vet bills, but i should have documentation on my bank statement. I could probably call the vet and get copies of the receipts. Is this something i should do now, or something i should do if she takes me to court? I also should specify that i paid for everything for the dog. She paid the initial adoption fee and signed that paperwork, but all vet bills and accessories were paid for by me. We split costs but not evenly. I've certainly spent more. I tried to pay her back the adoption fee when i left with the dog, but she refused me. That's not great for you. If you get the dog chipped, that could help you. Also hang on to the vet bills you paid for, if you still have them. Unfortunately, when we adopted her, my ex signed something in her name. I dont recall exactly what kind of "contract" it was, but she did sign something. She could be looking for forms but not much else. Oregon doesn't have specific forms for animals in a non-marital setting so it would be considered a property dispute between the two parties. Here, just sit tight and don't send any money to her until you see a value she puts for the pup. If you want her to get chipped, please do so. Also, just be cautious over the dog until you get things settled. Do you have paperwork that lists yourself as the owner?