 Hello! This has been an ongoing issue since I moved in back in August. I was supposed to be in the first floor unit. They rented it out even though they promised me it. They said they'd renovate the upstairs unit by mid August and I can move in. Rent was $1400, move in fee $500 but he waived first months rent because the apartment still wasn't ready. I was homeless, so I moved in anyway and they were okay with this. The sink wasn't installed, other things etc. It seems most the apartment is finished, but shitty contractors have not finished their jobs. They installed the dishwasher, but never mounted it. We told them we had a problem with Mice, they never sent an exterminator. When I informed my landlord i was going to be late on rent he and the realtor started the eviction process. I had to have my mom (cosigner) call them to clear things up. they cussed me out, and dug at my profession and told me I need to stick to my profession and that I don't know shit about realtor law when my roommate offered advice because her sister works in realtor law. My roommate moved in a month after me. I told my landlord about it. They threatened us because they never sent an application for her (still never did, she's not on the lease but pays rent they're okay with it now). There were a lot of things that needed fixed. Bathroom floor needed caulk cleaned off of it, the radiators needed new airators (i don't know how to spell this, they installed one but the radiators are so loud they woke my mom up when she came up for the holiday. She complained about this to the landlords, my mom lives out of state). I've complained to them NUMEROUS times. There's no deadbolt on the door to the basement where the laundry is. I have to pay $5 for laundry but the girls that moved into the unit next door after me have in unit laundry??? Also, when I needed things fixed they focused on fixing and renovating THEIR unit so they could move in, never came back to fix the things I needed, like a screen on my back screen door, or the spring thing on it so it doesn't slam (Please excuse the fact that I sound like i don't know what I'm talking about. I'm 24. My mom said that the cabinets were poorly put in (one of the cabinets the shelf actually broke). I was told in my bedroom that a wall outlet doesn't work and that they'd have to tear down the entire wall to fix it. So i told them fix it when I have time when I'm on vacation. So I only have two working outlets out of 3 in my bedroom. It took them 3 weeks to replace my bathroom faucet as well. Didn't have a working faucet. Didn't have a working kitchen for the first two weeks I lived there but i guess that makes sense because they were still renovating. I just wanted a roof to sleep under. NOW, my radiator in my bedroom is broken and it's ice cold because it is winter. I FUMED to my mom about it. Every time I've talked to the landlord/realtor they cuss me out and treat me like a child so I delegate to my mom (Cosigner) to talk with them and now she's telling me they're all dicks/assholes and that she'll pay to buy me out my lease in April (It's until September 2019). I'm sick of this. I like the apartment but I'm sick of being treated like this and I don't know what to do. I don't even have money to pay rent this month and honestly I don't even want to pay. I've been trying to get things fixed in this apartment and they won't do anything and it's killing my wallet and my mental because of how they treat me. I need to know the right avenues to file a complaint. The contractors even complain to me (when i do see them) about how the landlord cusses them out over things that are his fault. What can I do at this point? I don't have anywhere else to go and I REALLY just want to be treated fairly. I can't even do laundry because it's $5 a load but my neighbors have free laundry??? like what is this!! I just wish I knew what to do I'm completely lost and they're making me feel even more helpless. Once again this is in Chicago IL. I'm pretty sure the realtor owns the building or the landlord idk. The number on the plaque in the lobby (\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ LLC) has the property manager/landlord's number on it (I don't even know who is who anymore. they refer me to each another when they don't want to deal with my problems here). There's only 5 units in this building. There's not even bars on my bathroom window but there's bars on the unit next door's window on the back patio. I woke up one morning within the first two weeks i stayed here with my bathroom window WIDE open, screen all the way up, but nothing out of my apartment was stolen (tbh i didn't have anything lol but still) and they ever did anything about this. We don't live in a bad neighborhood but I still worry. RE: your broken radiator: [\_info/chicago-heat-ordinance.html]() you might find this useful. You pretty much lost your negotiating position when you moved in to an unfinished unit. Nothing you have said indicates the apartment is uninhabitable. You aren’t entitled to laundry just because a neighbor negotiated it. You accepted a substandard apartment when you moved in. You don’t get to change the terms because you have buyers remorse. You may have been under the impression these deficiencies would be fixed, but unless the lease says something about how the repairs will be done, your options are fulfill the lease you agreed to on a substandard apartment or buy out the lease. It’s a tough lesson to learn, but you have leverage before you sign the lease. That’s the time to address these issues. Sorry about your shitty landlord. Edit: Just reread the part about the radiator. If it is truly non-functional, then that is a habitability issue and can likely be considered breach of contract but you would want to talk to a lawyer about how to move forward. Don’t just withhold rent. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.