 Okay so this is not really that serious but I want something to be done so this does not happen to anyone else. My girlfriend (who is 26) bought a Juul E-Cigarette from a website called [TheJuulGuy.com]() because the prices were so much cheaper than from the stores and she thought it seemed like a good deal. I told her right away that it was too good to be true and there was no shot she was going to get an authentic product. After a month of waiting and still no Juul, I called and asked him what was going on. He is EXTREMELY rude on the phone and told me to go fuck myself multiple times just for asking very simple questions about where the item we paid for was. He said he forgot to send it and would send it out that same day. After another month goes by without anything being delivered, I call him again and he says he sent it but the post office lost it and he will send another one. Now it has been 3 months and I called him asking for a refund because it is clearly never coming. He got extremely aggressive with me yelling and cursing on the phone. He is now saying that she needs to send a picture of her ID in order to place the order because a new law was put in place. I do not want my girlfriend sending her ID to this scam artist who has threatened us multiple times over the phone. If this law he is speaking about is real that's fine but the law was not in place 3 months ago when we paid for the item so there is no reason my money should not be refunded. [Here are screenshots of a few of the emails he sent me]() First off there is no way he could have found my Facebook and secondly if he did find it it's extremely obvious that I am nowhere near 16 years old. I told him to go ahead and report it to the police and he said he did. I don't really care about getting the $60 back but I want to make sure this does not happen to anyone else and I would really love to get his "business" shut down. I reported all this to the FTC but would appreciate any advice on other avenues I can go down in order to make the people who can shut him down aware of what he is doing. Thank you very much!  Removed for personal identifying information.