 Hey guys, I’m wondering if there’s anything that can help my little brother get out of his part of his apartment lease since my sister has effectively screwed him over. Here’s the story: My sister is disabled and qualified for section 8 housing and my little brother doesn’t make enough money for anything else so he qualified to live with her too. They both signed the lease and pay half each of the rent each month. My sister has completely gone off the deep end and has blocked him from the wifi, got a doctors note to break her part of the lease but not my brothers, cussed him out daily, and threatened to call the cops on him for keeping a safe in his room with his things in it. She is mentally abusive and tries to manipulate any situation in her favor. He can no longer afford to live there alone now that my sister has broken her part of the lease. Is there any legal way to help get him out of the lease related to him not being able to pay just by himself? I feel like this is so unfair, but I know he signed a contract and must honor his agreements. Any help is greatly appreciated. He is only 20 years old and doesn’t have any money in savings. He does have a safe place to go he just can’t afford to break the lease.  Ok I will definitely bring this up to him. I will see if he signed anything. Thank you very much. Okay, but unless your brother consented that should generally mean that he’s out of the lease too. Two people can’t generally agree to change a contract in a way that affects a third person who is also a signatory to the contract. So most likely either he can leave too or, if the landlord says no, he should be able to sue her for rent.  Indiana. And she has severe MS so apparently she got a doctor to write her a note saying she needed assisted living or skilled nursing. But she is also a pathological liar and refuses to talk to me.  Where are you located? How did she purportedly get out of the lease? Generally she and the landlord can’t agree to modify the lease without your brother’s consent if they both signed the same lease, so he may be able to sue her for her part of the rent even if she moved out. 