 I live in Michigan and I've been working at my company for nearly 3 years now. 6 months ago they said I was doing a great job and they'd give me a raise to salary. But I work a crap ton of overtime and doing the math, salary would be a pay cut unless I stop working so much. So I told them this and that we would have to negotiate. I was told that I would be made manager and wouldn't work as much. After a few weeks of being told I should be grateful of the raise, I said fine but only if I saw a contract and we went over the specifics. 2 weeks of radio silence later I'm salary and they named me manager without a contract. I have no employees and nothing has changed job wise at all. I looked over the laws and it says I need to have 2 employees under me or a 4 year degree but I don't have any degree at all. I'm pretty certain that this is completely illegal for them to do this. Any help to understand my legal situation is much appreciated  Add the manager position to your resume and start job hunting. You're likely non-exempt salary. Wow, how generous your employer is. How much are you giving them for their Christmas Bonuses this year? Oh yeah, after they changed to salary they made a big show about how nice they are because if they did it retroactively to my old paychecks, I'd owe them money. How nice of them for not applying my "raise" to old paychecks.  I am sure they did the same math that you did about the overtime payments  If you are doing manual labor its unlikely that you would be properly classified as exempt from OT. See the DOL factsheet [here.] () If you are not properly classified as exempt from OT then you should be paid OT and you can file a complaint for the non payment [here.] (,4601,7-154-59886_79554---,00.html) However, if you can be properly classified as exempt from OT and the company says you are now in X position at Y rate, they do not have to negotiate or get your permission for the change, if they refuse to negotiate your options are to take it or quit. You might consider contacting your state's Dept of Labor to see if they agree you fit the classification of being salaried/exempt from overtime. Technical. The company does welding consulting. I go into other shops and weld for them.  OP- Can you generally describe the nature of your job duties? Are you in a technical and/or white-collar position?