 My friend recently broke down and told me he’s been feeling guilty for something he did a few years ago when he was in high school, he was 18 and sexted a minor but no nudes were exchanged but there was sexual talk between the 2. The most that was sent was videos saying sexual things and finger sucking. She sent him a clip of her masturbating under her clothes but he blocked her right after. I told him this is legal because there were no nudes but I searched and saw that it’s any depiction of sexual activity. So what does Canada define a depiction of sexual activity ? (It is my understanding that she was younger then the current Romeo and Juliet laws which is 5 years here)  't apply to chilld pornography It's worth noting that this isn't always the case in Canada (where OP is located). Canada is one of the only countries in the world that explicitly recognizes a private use defense for production and possession of child pornography under limited circumstances (the defence was established through two Supreme Court precedents). It basically covers cases where: (1) The sexual activity featured in the recording is itself lawful, and (2) The recording is kept strictly for private use (among the people featured or involved in the production of the recording), and (3) All person(s) featured in the recording voluntarily consented to the recording at the time it was produced and were not pressured or coerced into participating (through exploitation or abuse), and (4) No person(s) featured in the recording have since revoked their consent and asked for the recording(s) to be deleted This particular defense is unlikely to apply to OP's situation though—one reason being that the relationship between the two individuals would have been considered exploitive under the criminal code definition based on the fact that the friend was 18 and it sounds like the partner he was sexting was 5+ years younger. You can't assure him of that. It could be, absolutely. It could also be used as evidence he was grooming her. the lesson her is don't mess around with minors period. He was 18 and making sexual advances (yes sexting counts, even more so with the videos you described) at someone who was 13 or under? Definitely illegal.  Depends on the prosecutor. Romeo and Juliet laws don't apply to chilld pornography. 