 Hello legaladvice I know the answer to "can my work fire me for....." is almost always yes in the U.S., but this seems really wrong. I'm a phlebotomist in a hospital in Pennsylvania. I report to the laboratory supervisor. Recently I had to have some tests done. We are given a discount for having things that like done in our own hospital so of course I did. For medical privacy, I'd prefer not to go into what exactly, but it turned out I have someone rare about my blood. I never told anyone this at work, but everyone found out anyway. My supervisor approached me excitedly, saying that they have to calibrate some kind of analyzer pretty frequently and that my blood worked as a positive control to save on some expensive chemical they have to buy to normally calibrate it. I laughed this off thinking she used my blood once to calibrate her machine. It turns out she is expecting to take my blood on a regular basis (at least weekly is the impression I got) to calibrate this machine. When I told her I wasn't ok with that, she got upset and stormed off to her office. She called me in later and told me I would be saving the lab a ton of money if I did this. I once again told her no. Now she has started dropping hints that the lab is in financial trouble and cuts will have to be made. I asked around to other phlebotomists and she hasn't said anything to them about these cuts. So anyway, can my work force me to give them my blood?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Well that's slightly worse than I thought. Come to Australia! That kind of shit doesn't happen here! Seriously though, can someone at least appeal the decision? Benutzername prüft aus The employer can call you a liar and insert their own “totally legal” reason for firing you and the unemployment office will 9/10 side with the employer. As long as they don’t give you anything in writing saying that your termination or previous disciplinary actions were for illegal cause, they can dispute anything you say and win as long as you can’t prove otherwise. Hello, laboratory scientist here. This lab is undoubtedly licensed under CLIA/COLA regulations and reports to each as well as CMS, and as such is required to have placards visible in all working areas that have a unsafe practices phone number you can call to report this to. If you can't find it I have provided info below. Here is your state's lab bureau information, then will take your information and be glad to assist you. PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH Bureau of Laboratories 110 Pickering Way Exton, PA 19341 (610) 280-3464 FAX: (610) 450-1932 Contact: Oyenike Abiola Oladipo, MS, MPH Internet: www.health.state.pa.us/labs $200 per sample sounds like a good starting point. Negotiate. That’s a car payment. That is correct, but irrelevant in this discussion. The lawsuit would not be for wrongful termination. The lawsuit would be to recoup damages for a violation of patient privacy. OP would sue because the violation of patient privacy (supervisor saw test results) resulted in the patient being fired. This means the breech of privacy caused monetary damages to the patient, which can be recouped alongside punitive monetary awards to the OP. OP does not have a case for wrongful termination if fired, but they would be eligible for unemployment. Regardless of if OP is fired, they have a case to sue for the HIPAA violation. Them being fired just makes the HIPAA violation much more serious since the damages from it are increased (lost wages, etc.). NAL. Like everyone else is saying, major HIPAA violation. If it were me, though, I'd document it and negotiate terms of compensation for the donation. No reason this can't end amicably and profitably for you both. Also not American but I live on this sub. "At Will" means the can fire you for any reason HOWEVER when an ex-employee applies for unemployment the reason is looked into. (Americans jump in here if I'm wrong). Example 1: Claire works in retail and gets pregnant. Shortly after her employer finds out and fires her. Claire files for unemployment and lists the reason for her termination 'Pregnancy' The case manager for the unemployment benefits would look into it and if found to be true - take action (usually fines?). Example 2: Sandra is an awful person. She is found bullying a newer employee after receiving multiple warnings for doing so. She is fired and can't apply for unemployment due to the reason she was fired - behavioral reasons. That's my general jist of it. It's quite foreign as I live in Australia and we love our unions enough to put them in charge - because of them we have so many rights as an employee. Do you mean someone who has audited you would be able to see your medical record? Or can you actually audit a person for that? Isn’t this a HIPAA violation? There's this case called Moore v. Regents of UCLA, I believe, that sort of shows how crazy and inadequate the law is when it comes to dealing with excised human material. IIRC, this guy Moore underwent a procedure for hairy cell leukemia and he had a very valuable cell in his body, we're talking millions of dollars because of a unique use in labs worldwide now. Moore thought they would be disposing of his excised bodily material, but they did not. They profited from it big time. So Moore, seeking an injunction, sued them. The premise was that the cells came from his body, so they belong to him, and he should profit. However, the SCOTUS decided that the cells, after being modified by the scientists, became an entirely new "product of human ingenuity," and were therefore the property of the scientists. The idea is that the cells would have been worthless to Moore (and society) if not for the scientists. But the counterargument to that is Moore's agency was violated when they converted his cells without consent. Lots of philosophical questions at play. Anyway, legally, the SCOTUS did not make a final comment on whether or not Moore ever actually owned the cells. Thus, they didn't have to answer the question of when they became the property of the scientists and were no longer the property of Moore. So, it is unclear whether we own our bodily material. The reason I'm thinking of this is that it seems that OP may end up being subject to a case where if he gives his blood, the converted product could cease to be his own property, and he could be completely unaware of his colleague's motivations. Even if this is a HIPAA violation, there could be much more at play financially, and OP may not be able to recover compensation for whatever use is made of his blood after it becomes an entirely new product of human ingenuity pursuant to Moore. Interesting and concerning.  Not American so trying to understand how it works. Can't they just contrive some other unrelated reason? My understanding was that at will employment means they can just decide you are too ugly to work there and sack you. Is that not right? That works for other things too! "Don't pee pee on little girls, R.Kelly!" /u/magnana also mentioned in their first post that they are a specialized hemostasis (clotting related tests) lab. I can see that being more of a thing in that kind of lab depending on the kinds of tests being done. I know incorrectly reported tests in that area to cause serious patient harm. In a general stat lab that most hospitals refer to when you get stuff done? Yeah. Supers don't release all the results. It'd last for about 3 hours (if that) till the doctors started to scream that they weren't getting the most basic of tests back soon enough. Except DO NOT view/access the work log to see who accessed your chart. While it may not violate HIPAA per se, it sure as hell might violate your organization’s policies. Handle it 100% by the book by taking your concern as you’ve expressed it here to H.R.. You already have one potential breach - you don’t need to compound it or muddy the waters by committing your own violation. Typically it’s not, but in this case the employer is a medical provider which means it’s bound by HIPAA. If OP were working say at a clothing store and her manager told others about her medical situation, it would be in bad taste and likely a violation of company rules, but it wouldn’t be a HIPAA violation.  Nos feratu is up to no good again boys and girls . GET YOUR PITCH FORKS AND TORCHES  Depends on the wording in your employment contract. If you agreed to it specifically for eternal youth baths and vampire bat food, and you find out he’s been using it instead for drawing runes for ritual magic, he will have violated the terms of the contract. You can then sue for breach if he tries to fire you for refusing to give blood for purposes other than what you agreed to.  You can be fired, but if you're fired it will open up a HUGE can of worms about the HIPAA violation. The entire reason for the firing would be because the employer broke federal laws regarding patient privacy. They wouldn't be sued for the termination, but they'd be paying ASTRONIMICAL sums in a lawsuit for a HIPAA violation that affected the patient's employment.  Heath Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Is what it stands for but for some reason everyone thinks it stands for health information and patient privacy act because of what they think it does because of what people actively sign when they go to a doctor  Speak for yourself DON'T LET THEM USE YOU OP!!  Exactly my thoughts.  Don't pee pee on HIPAA has always worked for me. 😁 HR is going to spin it as they do, he needs to get a lawyer and send them to HR.  MMPL here. I need to be good because I was recently shut off from commenting because I'm kind of a blunt asshole what this person is doing to you is basically akin to say, sexual harassment. They're asking you to perform service for your work to save money... With your body. This is beyond my years of experience, but I know you should not stand for this even a little bit. you might just want them to stop and go back to work because you loved it there and I understand that... But I would personally get representation immediately.  This is a huge privacy breech. Please go talk to HR, your supervisor is in trouble.  This is why you shouldn't go to your own lab for testing.  Lotta brain geniuses ITT If its lupus anticoagulant or another you can sell your blood for big money. Then negotiate with the company they buy the product from for a deal for the lab maybe?  EEOC as well since this is a rare medical condition Is it a HIPAA if its shares by an employer? I dont think it's a violation like y'all are talking about but it's pretty scary Yes, I came here to say DOCUMENT the heck out of this. Take the time to write out the entire story, with all details from start to finish. Do it by hand in a notebook. Then also try to get anything you can in writing/email from the supervisor, as smooshiebear suggests. OP needs to start looking for a lawyer that specializes in malpractice and HIPAA violations. HIPAA. Not like "hippo with an a".   They violated it. Sue them. Get a lawyer NOW! Hospitals have deep pockets, so a lawyer will work on contingency. Enjoy your jackpot. Not a lawyer, but in finance. I would negotiate a portion of the money she intends to save (50% seems more than fair) in exchange for the withdrawals. Appeal to her cost savings and greed. But then maybe I'm a crazy person... If you just straight don't because of principals or dislike of needles then there are people here with likely better answers. I don't know why, but what helps me remember "HIPAA" vs the incorrect "HIPPA" is "it's not a female hippo." Just one of those goofy memory tactics.  This is legaladvice. Why are you commenting here if you don't know what you are talking about. I at least work in the medical industry, and yes this would break procedure. CLIA, much less CAP, would have a fit. I once did an internship at a medical VC. This is highly questionable. From what you described of the company’s behavior, I get an insanely illegal vibe. Theranos was a thing. Get out now. Your blood should not being used that way, you’re in a position that no employee should be. I’d highly advise getting out now and reporting to whoever is funding your company. I’m sorry but to everyone writing, “HIPPA” it’s HIPAA. Drives me nuts. Had to. Carry on.  HIPAA I'd tell you that, but it'd be off topic because it wouldn't be legal advice, partly because I'm not a lawyer, and partly because it'd be wrong. I think it looks like a obvious HIPAA violation took place. Morally, no employer should have the right to demand blood and/or tissue from an employee on a regular basis, unless agreed upon in a contract. You should talk to a lawyer.  So if they fire then you burn them back with privacy violation? Single the P and double the A Cause we're humans not hippos HIPAA, HIPAA, Hooray uh 1. pretty sure she broke Hippa laws here and 2. they dont even offer you some sort of compensation? Yikes.... This reminds me of a story a while back. I forget the exact details but there was something special found with this persons blood and they ended up keep calling the person back in for more "testing" and kept taking more samples. If I remember right it ended up being used to develop some drug/treatment without the persons being informed or consent given and they made tons of money off it while the person saw none of it. What an absolute vampire. They seemingly violated your Hiipa rights so that is a good place to start. It is wholly unreasonable to expect you to give your blood to keep a lab afloat and not to mention a violation. Of what I don’t know but don’t stand for this. Aaaaannnddd I actually had a conversation with a guy at Boston Scientific about universities and labs buying the cheap chemicals to avoid paying for the proper ones, it would seemingly be unethical, dirty, and ammoral to use your blood in this way. Maybe she is a vampire and he’s like a rare flavor of doritos There's two A's, not two P's. HIPPA! I wonder what OP means by "discount" on blood work though. Was it done officially through the hospital or did OP have a friend draw and run their blood on the down-low for free like we do? IANAL. I work in a lab and when one of us wants lab work done, it's never official. We just have a phlebotomist draw our blood during a lull in the work and then run the tests ourselves or have a coworker do it for us. There's no financial paperwork, no HIPAA forms, etc. Not even a doctor's name associated with it. It would be a little like a mechanic using the shop to work on a friend's car during free time. Would HIPAA still apply? Not that I'm advocating what happened, but I feel like the water gets a little muddy here.  A solid mix of med techs, PhD scientists, people with masters doing validations, and people with their bachelors working toward the tech cert/in a hybridized program. They also needed to be checked by an additional tech (usually not who released the results but sometimes the same person) and quality control before release. All reports were then reviewed by our quality assurance team. Super paranoid about amended reports I guess? But I mostly just wanted to point out it isn’t as cut and dry as everyone is saying—she may have needed to see the results for a perfectly legitimate reason. Honestly, she may have run the test. Still it is a violation for not just ignoring them and going on with her life, but saying ‘knowing the result is a violation of HIPAA’ is not so easy in this case. If I’m admitted to the hospital and the nurse who treats me knows me, her seeing my records isn’t a violation. Addressing them outside of the direct need for care is, though, and it seems like that’s where this supervisor messed up.  Calibration basically adjusts the machine to certain known values. You tell the machine, "This value is 50. Okay, this value is 15," etc so that it has something to compare the patient samples to. It's kind of like if you were trying to tune a guitar, you would use a certain tool to do it. If you tune your guitar off some random sound you heard, your guitar is going to be off key. If you calibrate your analyzer off some random blood you got from a coworker, your patient values aren't going to be accurate. This will result in inaccurate lab results which someone's treatment will be based off of. You don't want someone on anticoagulants who is already really susceptible to bleeding or to give someone a blood transfusion if they don't need it, etc. People could die. With that said, I'm willing to bet they want OP's blood to use as a control. It's pretty common practice with controls which are very different from calibrators. Typically, you just need a positive and a negative control within a certain range to prove that the machine is working.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. EMT here. I poke people's veins with needles for a living. Including in the back of an ambulance where the floor, patient, and everything else is moving around. You could say I'm OK at doing this. "Sort of." People who get dialysis 3x/week get a special vein grafted, and every so often, they need a new graft. But those are pretty big needles, left in place for hours. If OP's boss is talking about 1x/week, likely for only a minute or so, it's going to be quite awhile before OP has problems. I've gotten great IV access from heroin users. Not the greatest veins on the planet, for sure. But it's worth pointing out that those guys are poking themselves at least daily, with dull needles (there are reasons, apart from infection control, why we like to use them only once, then discard) and no professional training. There are a lot of reasons why someone's veins are "good" or "bad". OP could try to make a case out of it, but a competent attorney could find a bunch of experts on vasculature and punch holes in OP's arguments.  Sad part is I believe it can happen up to a point. I have worked in and around the medical industry for longer than I care to think about and things like this happen, maybe not this exact thing but similar. People who have been in healthcare before HIPAA don't think it applies to them. I can't tell you the number of older nurses, doctors, etc who have no problem going through medical records just because they can. I have heard stories of celebrities medical records being accessed 100 times in a week. I have heard of office workers looking up phone numbers or addresses from medical records. So many people just feel the rules don't apply to them. So I can believe that a manager would review employee medical records. The rest of it is kind of far fetched but if you consider that OP may not understand positive control vs. Calibrate it seems feasible. I know there are managers out there that would be happy to save a couple dollars with this type of shit.  That's so weird to me that only supervisors can release results in your lab. Are you all med techs? I've worked in 2 different labs and never heard of this. I release results every day.  I obviously am not familiar with any experiences or policies but my own, but I know for a fact that the supervisor would have to know for my lab. Only they can review results and send them out to the physicians. So if I was tested where I work, the Dr. would never receive it unless my supervisor had seen the results and approved them. OPs supervisor never should have talked about the results or acknowledged they exist—that is is HIPAA violation, I think.   Yeah, that's the real problem in all this. It totally is ok. Depending on the test, you just have to do validation studies to show that it works. You just need to be able to show basically that your method with a person's blood works. We use employees and patient volunteers to calibrate in coag all the time. When I was pregnant I was the positive control for urine pregnancy tests. You can't make someone do it though.  I hope I can explain this clearly (trying to avoid lab terms this time) also I’m literally making up numbers as an example—nothing is actually real values here. Basically when you calibrate an instrument it generates a standard curve of the unit it measures in vs a reportable result. Most analyzers give results in optical density (OD) and use different reagents to generate the ‘positive’ color. OD doesn’t directly correlate to a blood concentration (mg/dL), which is the reportable criteria used a lot and my example here. You generate this curve that lets you translate any OD to mg/dL within the reportable range (varies per assay), and that is what ‘calibration’ is used for. So, when calibrating, you know what the samples should show as because the manufacturer made them and other labs can prove it! They show as the same value no matter what if the instrument is working. You tell the analyzers that a sample with a 0.02 mg/dL is equal to 0 OD and assign values going up. This allows the curve to be generated and forced through verifiable points for accuracy. You can then calculate any blood concentration off of the OD you get from running the test. If you used an unstandardized sample and told the analyzer ‘this is equal to 2 OD’ but really it is equal to 6 OD, all of your results will be skewed. For tests that physicians use to dose medication or check clotting times, if the values are skewed enough (either high or low) the appropriate actions will not be taken. Control ranges are determined based on the correct calibrations, so there’s not even a way to tell if your reagents are working. Patients may bleed out when given heparin before surgery because they had an immune response to it that was falsely identified as negative, they may clot too quickly and have DVMs, they may not clot and die suddenly from internal bleeding, their reported platelet response may falsely hide cancer, they may be given a false result for any number of disorders. SO many things go wrong if an instrument is miscalibrated and using a sample that’s not standardized is a sure fire was to cause them.  I’m confused. Let’s say my boss wants my blood for personal reasons. He feeds it to his pet vampire bat or bathes in it to keep young. Someone please tell me that I can’t be fired for refusing to give my boss my blood.  Somebody violated HIPAA. Also the calibrating equipment with someone's actual blood sets off a ton of red flags. I would report this over her head if that's an option, and to any governmental supervisory organizations in your state. If she can fire you, I would unfortunately expect for that to happen. Best of luck.  Her/his supervisor even knowing her lab results is against HIPAA privacy practices. I worked in a hospital for years and I’m a nurse. Do I know my phlebotomists’/CNAs’/fellow nurses’ test results? Hell no. And you can get fired for that if there is an EHR (electronic health record aka computer chart) you can audit who has accessed your information and report it upon request. Big health organizations do not mess around with privacy violations among employees. Slightly off topic, but depending on what condition you have- donating blood could potentially make you a lot of money. Commercial medical device companies make controls and calibrator from human blood. And sourcing it can be difficult for rare conditions. If medically safe for you to do so- you could make a lot of money (1000$s) a unit, depending on the anomaly. Using a known abnormal patient as a control is accepted lab practice, but usually only when a commercial control isn’t readily available/ affordable. If your supervisor was that excited, maybe it’s an expensive product- and the cost is typically based on scarcity of donors.  Wow that sounds like a huge invasion of your privacy especially as it seems all your colleagues know now about your rare blood issue. I’d definitely be seeing HR about this as A) They violated your privacy so everyone one knows and B) your basically being blackmailed by if you don’t give us your blood, then we’ll have to cut our budget and cut staff ie you instead of others. Not being from the USA surely this would be in violation of some federal laws. Good Luck with this.  Did everyone sign a non-disclosure agreement when working there? I mean I work at a pharmacy store, although I have nothing to do with the pharmacy and they had us all sign this agreements which states that the private information that we may obtain during our duties may not be be discussed or brought up to the customer or coworker out of a professional situation. I'd contact HR.  Pardon my ignorance but what about this would put patients’ lives in danger? This is a HIPAA violation. That's a 20K fine to your supervisor. Do you work for Nosferatu? You sure it's not in Transylvania? No...I didn't present it as evidence of some crime; I just presented a possibility/hypothesis. I'm open to being proven wrong and I don't think I ever indicated otherwise.  so the fact that there is no evidence... is proof that they must've done it and hidden the evidence? Every lab I've worked in offered compensation when employees gave blood to use for controls or testing purposes. Only like $10, but it adds up! This was in hospitals and in corporate settings.  Lmao I read through this whole thing and missed that. It sounds like she super, ultra, mega broke HIPAA, just casually scrolling through employee test results. If this happened as described here, I’d imagine she’s routinely scrolling through employee test results Report this to the hospital administrator. If they don't do anything, than report it to the Pennsylvania Department of Health and the Pennsylvania Department of Labor. Oh no not at all!!! I just wanted to explain why I barely touched on it. You’re 100% right about the HIPPA violation and it is a huge issue the supervisor should be fired over. I hope this is fake—I’ll sleep better at night for the whole situation if it is.  I'm not glossing over lab calibration being off, sorry if it came off that way. I was just adding my two cents about the HIPPA violation. I haven't seen anyone else say this, but you have leverage. If you were "compensated" for your trouble, in theory would you potentially say yes? They save money, if they are telling the truth. Why shouldn't you get some of it? It probably makes me a bad person that I’m a lot more concerned over the possibility of this lab calibrating off of random samples than I am over the HIPPA violation. So many people could die, though. She may have had a genuinely valid reason to see them—generally only management can validate and release results, but she should absolutely not have told anyone or approached the OP or even acknowledged she had seen them. The LIS (laboratory information system) will have electronic records of who accessed every result for every patient, which someone can pull. Be it HR, Compliance or the Medical director. The info is there not able to be deleted.  I'd be willing to bet my life that taking an employees blood to use as a calibration standard is not in compliance with the law. You should report this to [federal CMMS]() under Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act of 1988 as well as to the [Joint Comission](). It is likely a professional conduct issue if you agreed to this, as it is obviously a gross breach of professional standards. makes sense, thank you! After you call a lawyer you should also consider calling a vampire hunter just to cover all your bases   No she shouldn't have. She broke HIPPA law is the main thing everyone is glancing over. Under HIPPA you can not look at someone's chart unless under direct care. If I was at the hospital and looked at a friends chart just for fun I'd be sent packing for breaking HIPPA laws. There should be logs on who accesses your chart. Get that info and save it just incase you need it in the future in case she lays you off or something or trys to play dirty.  I got food and also amazon gift cards, all of which was worth the like 5 min of my time. Also getting to process your own blood is super cool!  A positive control and a calibration are two entirely different things—calibration is for the analyzer as a whole. You use samples or chemicals that are manufactured to have the exact same result every single time no matter who, when or where they are run and you use these to establish a baseline for knowing if the instrument is in working condition and putting out accurate and precise results. Many also use these calibrations to create standard curves that allow the computer portion of an analyzer to calculate results in a medically significant, reportable manner. Telling someone you got a 6.7 on a HIIT means nothing to a Dr., but providing it in a mg/dL does. You run a control to make sure your reagent system is working (which changes per requirements—some systems are 1x a day, some are every 3 hours). It isn’t uncommon to identify staff members with abnormal values and ask them if a draw can be done to use the plasma. It’s also useful for lot-to-lots which is performed to make sure the new lot of reagent gives the same values on a known sample. We used plasma that was upwards of $1,000 per mL and would routinely run through 60-100 mLs per shift routinely—up to 300 or more for control or sample prep. Obviously one person would never replace that. But using an in-house source for lot-to-lots or smaller experiments has merit. It sounds like either a troll post or this person seriously misunderstanding what their draw would be used for. I hope to god that this hospital hasn’t actually been calibrating with random samples...people will die and likely already have. Either way, the fact the supervisor had access to private medical results is a HUGE problem, and pressuring the OP for their participation is not acceptable.  I work in a lab, we can use positive patients as controls, but not calibrators. This person is a phleb and probably doesn't understand the difference between controls and calibrators. It is very common to save positive drug screens, HCG, rare antibodies, and the like for when we have instrumentation problems. Once fixed, run high and low patients to correlate data with old lots or probes, etc.  Do they pay you bonuses for giving them your blood? Or like, extra PTO? I didn't know this was a thing.  You can audit who has seen your medical record, when, where, how long. It would be rather simple to discover who viewed, leaked your medical information. Medical information is protected under the HIPAA and you have a clear violation. I'd get yourself a lawyer who understands HIPAA. Your hospital will have a HIPAA compliance office. You can light a fire if you get those EMR logs. Have you signed anything? Like even from your first day? Polycythemia? Not to mention the sharing of private medical information about an individual, let alone a fellow coworker. This is a clear violation of HIPPA. Your supervisor should not have even accessed your chart unless they were providing necessary care, or were performing an official duty e.g. audits etc, then confidentiality would be expected. If "everyone found out" this is huge. I cannot state this strongly enough, go to HR, and compliance. I am viscerally angry as I write this because of the sheer incompetence of your leadership. Report here if so inclined:[]() I don’t think they are allowed to do that. You should check with a lawyer to double check but that seems sketchy.   . If what you're saying is actually true: Apparently, [there's something about it that is a thing](). You can get little scars in your veins that will make it harder to get a needle through in the future at that site, forever (possibly, not everyone does this) so there is some long term risk. I'd ask them to indemnify you beyond workers comp or something.  You can be fired, theoretically, but I can't imagine the hospital being okay with that. Phlebotomists don't grow on trees, and firing someone over not giving blood is more than an little ludicrous. The most realistic scenario is that the lab supervisor reports to their boss that the OP is being uncooperative, not following rules, w/e. Basically trying to throw the book at her. The boss calls the OP down, gets her view on it, hears the truth, and says "good job, you aren't getting fired", and tells them to go back to their job, imo. Active in /r/sex with no other posts/comments. I think someone's tried this before and deleted their post and comment history.  How did your supervisor even know about your blood. NAL, but HIPPA?!?! Accounts 256 days old and hasn’t ever posted anything other than this, with no follow up comments....  My first thought too. This is incredibly unlikely a story. I refuse to believe any scientist worth their salt would use some stranger's weird, uncontrolled, potentially variable blood to calibrate anything. Unless this person is straight up stupid, there's no way this random guy's blood is a good positive control for anything.  your supervisor needs to start looking for a job. But in the US you can be fired for almost anything, right? If you're told "do it or you're fired" that's technically a choice, even though in practical terms it is coercion. Or am I understanding this incorrectly? No related to OP, but I once saw an episode of forensic files where the DNA of the lab tester somehow ended up on the evidence they were analyzing. Come to find out, the technician had been using his own semen to calibrate the machines and apparently that was a common practice. Pretty crazy. Not a lawyer, but I’ve got years of experience in an extremely specialized hemostasis laboratory (and do happily volunteer myself for draws because I am a money-saving positive control and am compensated per company policy). I doubt that they intend to use your blood for calibration. Analyzers (especially for rare blood disorders) need to use standardized calibration materials provided by the manufacturer—otherwise it isn’t actually a calibration. Every instrument needs to have the exact same result from the exact same sample. One persons sample, unverified by an independent source, cannot be a calibration material. They may be intending to collect your blood as a positive control, which you have the right to deny. Please take this to HR. Also, if she really is calibrating with an unverified or standardized sample, got to compliance because every patient run in that analyzer/assay is being put at serious risk.  NAL, but... that is so hilariously illegal that it's not even funny. Nobody can ever force you to give up your blood, especially not if they're just lazy. Also, as has been said before, it's a massive HIPAA violation. It might be worth it to offer to sell them your blood for half the price of the "expensive chemical."  If it doesn't violate any laws or procedures in calibrating find out how much they are willing to compensate you for your golden arm on top of your regular duties. (If you know exactly how much whatever chemical they need costs it puts you in a great negotiating position.) Should it be legal to use your blood or a portion of your blood to calibrate this machine and you end up being fired by refusing to give your place a free vein to suck dry, you might have a valuable business opportunity. If you do reach an agreement and stay on with your hospital still consider setting up an LLC to protect yourself and have a lawyer vet the paperwork they'd want you to sign. This is a pretty far out there story. If what you're saying is actually true: It's a significant HIPAA violation that staff found out your PHI and that should be reported. You may have an actual duty to report it to your hospital depending on your employee handbook and hospital policies. Of course your hospital can not require you donate blood to them. I'm wondering about the accuracy of this story though, a lot of things are not adding up. Using your blood for calibration cannot POSSIBLY be in compliance with the lab's licensing and regulatory requirements. Try the Bureau of Laboratories at the Pennsylvania Department of Health []() for more specific info. While not necessarily helping with your direct question, do you have any of this in writing? You could get it in writing by saying "what's in it for you?" and get a document stating that they are saving x dollars, and you would consider supplying them with 1 sample a week for .75 x, and reference your previous conversations. Might be interesting to see what they say, and would help document.