 Yes it's dumb, I regret it. So I was caught trying to steal 40$ worth of clothes and they took me to the back to write my information down from my driver's license which has my address dob name and license number. The cops weren't there I believe not I was arrested or taken anywhere else besides the back room of the store. They told me I'm banned from coming back and expect a no trespassing letter in the mail and released me. The store did not lose any item since I was stopped before leaving, so I was wondering if it is still possible for them to press charges against me and have me go to court which could lead to a criminal record on my file. thank you in advance.  Didn’t you post this exact question about 3 days ago? Of course they aren't presented that way e.g. the chain reserves all of its rights whether or not you pay, yada yada. And there's also no guarantee if OP pays that OP won't also face criminal charges. Op was just wondering "why do they do it this way".  Civil demands typically do not come with threats to involve law enforcement if the fine isn't paid as that's extortion. They can, but it’s not likely they will. 40$ isn’t much and if it was all clothes, they lost nothing but the time it took to take down your info and get the products back to floor ready standard. I’ve been caught twice stealing groceries, 50$ and 75$ respectively and both times at different stores in different states was told that if I had my license on me, they would’ve probably just taken down my info and sent me off with a ban from the store but because I didn’t have it, they had no choice but to call police to verify my info was even true. Shoplifting charges aren’t a huge deal anyway. I still got a job working retail pretty easily, and after a couple years you can write it off as jut being a stupid childish mistake and say you’ve grown. Honestly if it’s a problem say you’d been hanging out with bad people who pushed you to shoplift and you’ve grown and don’t hang out with those people because you realized they were toxic lmao. You did a stupid thing, and you may get punished for it. But that shit is nothing. You’ll get some community service and maybe have to pay a fine to the store plus a small court fine if it’s your first charge. But honestly it’s simple shit and you can easily handle life with a shoplifting charge that small. If you get charged, it’s def not the end of the world. Just don’t do it again.  Because they are not trying to ruin your life (which is where criminal charges could lead). Instead, they will send a civil demand to reimburse them for their costs~~, and if you pay, they shut the file. If you don't... that's when police get involved~~. You should start saving, it's likely to be three figures, but will be way cheaper than any alternative. Yes thank you for clarifying, I was just wondering if they wanted to press charges they could have done it when they caught me so why let me go then press charges against me. Yes, they could still ask the police to file charges. At this point they're unlikely to. Loss Prevention here. Yes it is possible. You dont have to make it out of the store to be charged. All you need to do most of the time is pass all points of sale, which is when we approach you with most companies. In many states, MA being one I believe, the state considers it theft as soon as it is concealed if you tried to conceal it in a bad, pocket, whatever. If they were going to contact the police, they probably would have done it there. You were caught, you cooperated, and you got lucky. You will likely get a civil demand letter to pay in the mail. I am in Massachusetts  Yes, they can make a police report anytime and the authorities have until the Ststute of Limitations to charge you, usually 1-3 years depending on your location. That was your only legal question in your post Yes sir I understand that.  You don't have to succeed in shop lifting to be charged criminal. 