 So I lived in spain for a while and signed what I though was a wifi contract with Company X. Now Company X is not a major provider: they only serve Spain. I signed this contract at an outlet desk in a shopping centre (this company don't have actual shops). The deal stated that I would get wifi for my flat and a sim for my phone for €40. I went away pleased with the deal and a couple of days later a chap came to install the router. However, the sim did not turn up in the post as it was supposed to. Therefore, I returned to the little desk and asked where my sim was and they said just wait. Still, the the sim didn't arrive so I rang up Company X and they informed me the people at the desk weren't authorised to have offered me the deal they did. When the first bill came in it was well above €40 and so I rang up again. They then said that the extra was a fine for not giving them the correct bank number (which I obviously did as they were able to take money out of it). The bills over the following months fluctuated drastically. Every time I rang up the was a different reason. I was not in Spain for long and so I couldn't sign a different contract with a different company and I needed wifi for important things so I just sucked it up. When it came to leaving (bearing in mind I hadn't actually signed a contract and given that they had been taking random amounts of money out of my account), I didn't cancel the contract, for there were unspecified cancellation fees which, I had been assured by the nice men at the shoppoing centre desk, I wouldn't have to pay. Obviously i didn't believe them and just closed my spanish bank account. Since leaving Spain, Company X has threatened me with legal action numerous times. They don't have my phone number because I gave them my spanish friend's spanish number to tide me over until I got a Spanish sim (which never arrived). So these threats go to my friend's number. I live in the UK and am not intending to return to live in Spain. What should I do? Continue to ignore these threats to take me to spanish court or try and settle with them somehow? Somehow I doubt I will be extradited. TL;DR Spanish wifi company is threatening to take me to court because I left without telling them. They fucked me around while I was with them. I live in UK