 Hey everyone I wanted some advise on what to do. I was babysitting a close friend's pitbull. I decided to take her to a small dog park in our neighborhood complex, which I do every time I'm babysitting. There was one other pitbull inside and he came up to the gate when he saw us entering. The second I open the gate the two dogs start fighting. I lost grip of the leash and immediately run over and separate the dogs. The owner grabs her dog at this point and we calm the both of them down. I asked if her dog was ok and she said that he seemed fine and she left the dog park. I stayed in there and let my friends dog do her business. Within a few minutes a worker for the neighborhood comes to the dog park and says they got a call about someone's dog being attacked by an unattended dog at the dog park. I told him what really happened and he told me that he's required to call animal services. So I left and told the situation to my friend who owns the dog and now we're both scared that it might lead to a situation where our dog is taken away. Is there anything we should do to protect ourselves? This behavior is really usual for my friends dog. She's been through extensive dog training in the past year. She has play dates with her dog friends at the park a most everyday and we rarely have issues. I have no idea who the other girl is. She left before we could exchange any information. Lol how come every 3rd post I see on here is about a pitbull killing something come on people stop owning these shit tier animals. That's what I mean, name calling is rude tho. I think anyone with a dog probably knows when another is asserting dominance, I'm sorry instinct. See instinct isnt a catch all to this individual's issue at hand, the issue was the other dog asserting towards the owners that made the post. Plus if you say instinct you are sudoku saying that the other dog isnt properly trained to be around other dogs  I had a feeling it was a pit before I saw the post, they are aggressive towards other dogs and very dominant as well, for legal advice I have just to say always get info no matter what