 Background: St. Louis, Missouri Two weeks ago, I signed up for a discounted gym membership. Typical rate is $120+ per month, but an employee at the gym reached out to me and offered a "friends and family" discount which comes out to $53 per month for the life of my membership. It's a substantial discount. However, he had one condition: I can't tell anyone that I am receiving the discount. Today, I received a call from the gym employee claiming that I violated our agreement because I told someone about my discount. According to this employee, someone who I work with (who is also a member at this gym, and paying full price) came into the gym and requested a similar discount. This person did not mention me by name, but according to the gym employee, it is still grounds for terminating my contract. They've given me two options: 1. Continue my contract at the $120 per month rate ($804 extra per year) OR: 2. Cancel my membership Is this legal? This feels like an intentional bait and switch, and I've got to imagine they've used this scam on other people as well. The employee claims the gym is a private club and can "Cancel memberships at any time," but this feels illegal. So here's my question: Has this gym broken any advertising laws, such as Bait and Switch laws? Do I have any sort of recourse? I'd prefer not to take legal action against them, but I'd like to know what sort of argument I have. Thanks!  Okay so just so I'm clear you have a signed document that says that you are receiving the discount, and does NOT specify that said discount is contingent upon you not telling anyone about it? If so, you may be able to take them to small claims count. But unfortunately, since they aren't telling you that you HAVE to pay full price, you have the option to simply end your membership and not pay anything, you may not get very far. Most businesses have some kind of clause in their operating documents that stipulates their right to change their prices and policies, and if they aren't trying to make you pay more and are giving you the choice to opt out, you unfortunately probably won't get very far if you take them to court and it would be more of a waste of your time and money. My advice would be to end your membership and go somewhere that isn't going to try to scam their customers - I would say this place isn't worth any more of your money or energy. I do have the discount in my signed agreement. I have email correspondence promising the discount. Specifically, what legal grounds would I have?  Does your signed agreement include the discount? If so, you may have grounds for this being a legal issue. If not, you likely only have the two options you mentioned. In the future, you need to get everything, especially things that seem sketchy or too good to be true, in writing.