 Hey everyone. This is my first post so please let me know if I need to add additional information or clarify anything. My wife and I recently invested in a small apartment complex in Texas. We bought it about a week ago and just received keys in the mail yesterday. (We closed remotely). The complex is just four units with only three currently occupied. We are new to the landlord business but have done extensive research... But not enough it would seem. In the rush to close we did not notice that the security deposits were not included as a credit to us on the breakdown of charges from the title company. This title company has been fairly difficult to work with (unresponsive, changing documents last minute, forgetting important items, etc) and our realtor has apologized for them multiple times. Side note: Our realtor is unaffiliated with the title company. The seller's agent chose the title company. Since closing we have done more research and realize that the transfer of security deposits usually happens on the title during closing. This makes sense because we no longer have any leverage to ask the former owners/managers (one in the same) to pay up. I expect we will have to eat this cost as we are the new owners/managers and have inherited the lease agreements. And we are fortunate for this not to be a bank-breaking issue. Needless to say we will not overlook this type of thing ever again. You live and learn. But do we happen to have any recourse to force the former owners/managers to send us the security deposits? Was there any responsibility on the part of the title company to include it there? Thanks everyone in advance for your advice. I hope my wife and I can be good and knowledgeable landlords moving forward. We are excited to provide comfortable homes to our renters but we just need to be prepared to deal with negligence , ignorance, and the occasional swindler. Cheers! Thanks! I'm trying not to stress too much about it. We have the means to take the hit and we've learned from this experience. We will do right by the renters  Almost everything I know about tenant law is from this sub, and it’s for sure state dependent. I hope your situation resolves favorable for you. It is my understanding that the tenant is not entitled to the interest accrued on the security deposit while it is being held by the property manager. I've seen this clause on multiple leases and have not seen it mentioned in the TX Lawyer and Tenant Guidebook.  I agree. In hindsight we should definitely have worked with a lawyer to review the title transfer documents. Their hourly rate would have likely been covered by catching this issue. We won't make this mistake again. Do you have any insight on what grounds would we and the real estate lawyer have recourse at this point?  In the absence of that account information how can the new landlord know the proper accrued interest for consideration? Or even the total amounts tenants paid for their deposits. Isn’t the new tenant exposed to a lot of potential liability without having those account details. Feel free to stop answering me at your discretion, just trying to get smarter everyday, thank you for your informed answers. The title company would normally be involved in the reconciliation that includes the deposits, but they can only go on what's given to them, the title company is not responsible for determining if there were deposits. The title company is not involved in transferring the leases, that is automatic. I think that OP has recourse it just might be more trouble than it's worth. I once had the seller of a triplex have all of the tenants sign something that said there was no deposit, despite the fact that the tenants had told me there was a deposit, so I had to show up at the property, and talk to the tenants to get them to sign something saying the first thing they signed was in error. Then it would seem they have obvious recourse to compel the former landlord to turn over those account details. Title company or not. Is the title company involved in the lease transfers, or is that de facto? No, the obligations of the former landlord transfer to the new landlord. Same with how the leases as a whole transfer. Yes, but doesn’t that become a broken contract issue between the former landlord and the current tenants? How do the new owners become responsible to return a deposit they never took in? I can see them having a problem if a tenant destroys a unit and the deposit would have been withheld, then the new owners likely need to sue the former landlord for that money, as it would then be due them, and not the tenant. You should have got a lawyer to handle this type of sale. You can get a real estate lawyer to see if you have recourse, there's a reasonable chance that you do, just the deposits may be less than the cost of getting them back. The point is that someone is holding the deposits, and it's not the person responsible for returning them at the end of the tenancy. IANAL, but aren’t the security deposits still assets of the tenants until they move out. Isn’t this why interest earned on these funds in those accounts is the tenants not the landlord... I could be way wrong here... sorry Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.