 I am currently over 7 months pregnant and despite many many attempts to reconcile with the father, he is repeatedly neglectful and verbally/mentally abusive towards me. He moved out when I was about 6 weeks pregnant and has spent a lot of the pregnancy not speaking to me. My question is regarding custody. He is adamant that once the baby is born, he will come and take her for visitation, but from what I have read, it's not healthy for a newborn to be taken from the mother immediately after birth. She will be breastfeeding (hopefully), and will need to eat every 2 hours. I am a professor and so once I have her (end of Match), I will be home with her until the end of August. I have a steady record of employment, own my own home, no history of drug problems and am financially responsible. I used to smoke pot on occasion but as soon as I found out I was pregnant I quit that and cigarettes. For a bit of context: He lives at home with his mother and brother (40 years old and HIV+). Both his mother and brother smoke pot all day (so does he) and his brother has drug dealers coming to the house to drop off opiods, and sells pot out of the home. He has a history of drug problems (opiods - I have texts to back this up) and is a chronic liar. He is incredibly irresponsible and has major anger issues (he claims he is in therapy to deal with it, but I have not seen any changes). I have texts from him calling me awful names, such as "nothing more than a sack of meat" carrying his child. So I told him I wanted to sever contact until the baby came because I did not want the rest of my pregnancy to be marred by his verbal abuse. He laughed me off and told me he was not verbally abusive. He is telling me that he plans to sue me for custody and will want the baby to live with him half the time. He does not have a home of his own, nor is his residence a safe place for a baby. I said that I have no problem with him coming for visitation 4 x a week when she is little to spend time and bond with her, but he cannot take her out of the house at first. I asked him to send me proof that he has claimed her as his child and that he got a TDAP vaccine (my doctor said anyone around the baby needs to have it). He told me he will give everything to his lawyer and is not being cooperative. I ask for proof because he has proven time and again that he cannot be trusted and is a liar (when confronted about his lies, he told me "so what"). How worried do I need to be? Keep a diary - write down the date and time of every call, every text, every email, everything he does or says and be detailed and specific in your descriptions. It'll be really valuable when custody hearings happen. So no actual proof, just a lot of assumptions..... Source: All four of my babies were breast fed. Whenever you tell the doctor that you will breastfeed you are told that you need to supplement with vitamins. This is because most mothers do not get enough of a few vitamins, such as vitamin D. Often an iron supplement is recommended as well. Formula includes all of these vitamins. Any time studies show that formula lacks something in breastmilk, that substance is added to formula (DHA and ARA, for example). Formula is very strictly regulated, to the point where every brand is legally required to have exactly the same nutrition. Studies that claim that breast feeding is better are flawed. It is considered unethical to run actual experiments on people, especially babies. So instead all we have are correlative studies, which sometimes show an advantage for breast fed babies. However, what kind of woman is more apt to breastfeed? A professional woman who can manage the difficulty of pumping at work (getting consistent breaks, refrigerating milk, the discipline of handling the logistics, etc...) or a woman working retail who uses her breaks to smoke, doesn't have a place to refrigerate her milk, and doesn't have the discipline to carry out the complicated process? Now factor in that formula is expensive and the retail worker is getting free formula through WIC, whereas the professional has to pay full price. This, strangely, even carries over to women who don't work outside the home. Women who stay home because of high-earning husbands will usually breastfeed, whereas chronic welfare users will usually choose to use the free formula. This is a cultural difference. So it isn't at all random which baby will end up on the breast vs on formula. We shouldn't be surprised that those that are breastfed will have better outcomes. You could have known that just by doing a little research into their families, it is just basic genetics. Note: there is one pretty well done study that does suggest that breast feeding is better for a small fraction of children, those with a specific genetic variant. It wasn't an experiment, but it had a large sample size and attempts were made to correct for family background. However that's just one non-experimental study and the result (if real) applies only to a narrow segment of the population  -vi-sol). Could you provide a source for that? Yeah, like I said, there is no reason why him visiting the baby has to take place in your home alone with just you. If you are afraid he would kidnap the child, then he can have the visitation in somebody else's house with other people present.  Thanks, I'm removing the post bc ppl are just being nasty. If they knew the caliber of person they were defending (seemingly without reading my post - I'm trying to offer visitation before courts even order me to do so), I'd like to think they'd be ashamed of themselves. There are antibodies in breastmilk not present in formula. My doctor has advised me breastfeeding is best for the health of the baby (my primary concern). I didn't say I decide if the home is safe, I listed drug use and dealing as reasons why I feel it's not. He would have to wait months to see her if I decide to wait for a court order enforcing visitation rights, so for now, it is my decision. I am being cooperative in that I have told him he is free to see her 4 times a week when she is born until we can work out a plan through the courts. I am non-combative and I never said he can't see the baby, so maybe you didn't actually read my post and just jumped to conclusions. Being her mother actually does make me special, but it's funny that you echo exactly his opinion on the matter. I accept that he's the father and the baby was not an accident. Legally he has to apply for visitation and I'm the one trying to give that to him before a court orders me to do so. And if I'm not "special", he is even less so being as he's done nothing except lie and be abusive while I've carried the child and prepared for her arrival. Thanks for the nasty comment, sorry you seem to have some sort of pent up aggression. I started to give some of the rude commenters hell but my post got removed because someone complained. It must be misogynist night here on legal advice. You got this - find a good lawyer and they will help you keep your child safe.  Thank you, that is a good idea (looking into my university for low cost legal services). I've downloaded all the texts and screenshots showing he has a history of lying and abusing drugs so I am prepared when/if it comes to court. I planned to get cameras for around my house to document his behavior when coming to see the baby. I appreciate your advice :) Thank you, I'm honestly taken aback by a few of the comments because they are totally misreading the situation. In no way do I plan to keep the child from him, it's better for her to have a dad who is involved. I didn't list all the ways in which he's been abusive or all the opportunities I've given only to be accused of pretending to be tired while pregnant or faking morning sickness. I think at this point I'm going to remove the post but wanted to thank you for the kind words and understanding. OP literally posed that he and his family sell and use drugs out of that house. How in the Hell is that safe for a child? How is not her decision? She's the mother? He's the sperm donor, at absolute best.   's not healthy for a newborn to be taken from the mother immediately after birth. This is false. Babies have nutrient stores the mean that they don't need to feed for many hours after birth. Babies can drink formula from bottles. Modern formula is superior to breast milk (and equivalent to a combination of breast milk and tri-vi-sol). You aren't the one who gets to make this decision. Can you convince a judge? He doesn't need to be vaccinated to take his baby. If he does get vaccinated then he doesn't need to prove it to you. He may want to show a judge but he already addressed this when he said he is giving everything to his lawyer. You're not the judge. You're not special, you're just one parent out of two. He is the father of the child and you need to accept that, both legally and otherwise. Your comment is extremely condescending and not what a worried pregnant woman needs right now. I hope the mods do remove it. Have some decency.  OP I hope you can find a good attorney to help protect you and your child from what appears to be an abusive, toxic person. Some of the comments I’ve read here are horribly condescending and sexist, and I’m surprised the mods have allowed them. IANAL but I am a mother, and your first priority is to take care of yourself now and also your child when she is born. You don’t have to put up with this crap and you do have the right to protect your child.  There are some books on divorce and co parenting with a high conflict person. These will help you with practical advice. Once you retain a lawyer, you won't have to have any of these conversations, or any conversations at all; block his number and let all communication go through your lawyer. For now, screen his calls. Do not meet him in person ever. If he comes to your door, tell him to leave and then call the police if he doesn't do so immediately. If you are renting, get renter's insurance and get security cameras forbthe front door. Start a journal of all interactions with him. I'm not trying to scare you. The point really is to be proactive with documentation. In case you ever want to go for a no contact or restraining order, you will be one step ahead with the documentation. Let him leave voicemails and send texts and emails. Remember that you have zero obligation to answer them. If it makes it easier, keep the number strictly for voicemail purposes, and put a new number on your regular phone. Prepare and make hard copies of any and all documentation of any verbal abuse, threats of any kind, and drug use. Once he realizes that child support will depend on how much time he spends with the child, he will be highly motivated bro pursue custody. In case he wins some physical custody, there are ways to prove that the home is unsafe for a baby. However you can't expect to just fling around accusations, no matter how true they may be, because judges hear that kind of thing all the time. Ask your lawyer to help you work out how best to prove that. The nuclear option would be to call the police and say that you know about the drugs in the home, but again, let your attorney work out whether or not wmthat would be wise. I do not think you should allow him to set foot in your home just to play nice. Playing nice works for normal people, but it only encourages abusers to push further and harder. If he wants to see your child, he should go through the court system. I cannot emphasize this enough. Working outside if the court system is not being nice, and involving the courts is not an asshole move. Courts are wonderful things. They establish order over chaos. If he is high conflict, the courts can establish ways of exchanging the child in public or under supervision. They can also order supervised visitation. This is common for drug users. The parent can go to a special, supervised play room and interact with the child there. In other words, hiring a family lawyer attorney and getting a court order will greatly limit the ways in which he can screw with your head. Look into whether your university has a free or low cost legal service for faculty. IANAL.  Where does the father bond in the development stage with majority custody? They do have breast pumps. They've had them for decades. This is probably a discussion for legaladviceoffline, or whatever, but I'll let the mods decide of the counter-argument to the kneejerk reaction of mom getting primary physical due to her giving birth is something that should go through defacto. From newborn up to adulthood, regular scheduled contact by both parents acting like adults and not children benefits all parties involved. If mom can allow dad to help change diapers, bathe, coddle and cuddle the newborn, bonding does happen. Once one parent, mom or dad, goes into alienation mode...which is what this tends to be going towards due to breast feeding, TDAP vaccines, etc. you may as well throw the baby out with the bathwater. Statistics for kids entrenched in custody disputes can do the [rest of the talking](). I'm not arguing to hand over the baby with a dripping placenta attached, but involving dad early on and often (if he matures up, in this case) will help the child in the long term. (Involved for life, like it or not, even if it's incidental. With luck it will be years. With maturity it could be any random day.) Let the nurses at the hospital know that he’s not allowed in your room. Until there’s an actual court order granting him visitation, you’re under no obligation to open the door if he comes to your house. For now, save the texts from him. Put him on mute and don’t respond. Start looking into family law attorneys so you can file for child support and a custody order once the baby is born. Show the attorney the ex texts and see if they think they’re useable or if you should just block him to minimize your stress while pregnant. You will be involved with him until the child is 18. He has every right to the child once paternity is established as it is his child too. You are in for very long game, so make sure you look into a good family law attorney to have retainer for constant issues if he is looking to use the child as leverage against you. You will want to have documentation of his abuses, issues, and future issues with said kid. But once the child is weaned- he can push for 50-50 custody and that's where your documentation will come in hand to prevent that. Good luck! He is likely to get some form of visitation while the child is breastfeeding and partial custody down the road. I suggest finding an attorney to handle child support and custody. TLDR...but got to the part where you're a professor and he smokes pot all day. Honey, get yourself an attorney. You don't need to worry about him taking the baby from you at the hospital, you're going to let staff know exactly what the father said and that he is not allowed to be present either in your room or the waiting room during the birth. They will keep him away from you. I don't make recommendations here as far as whether or not to list the father on the birth certificate when issues of this nature are present, so you should talk to a family attorney near you to see what would be most beneficial. That same custody attorney will start working out rational and reasonable parenting plans that don't involve him taking an hours old baby away from it's breastfeeding mother. Given everything you've said, 50/50 custody sounds inappropriate and you and your attorney should argue for majority custody.   Otherwise, just preserve the evidence you have. 