 I drove drunk for the first time, I was black out drunk. I thought I took an uber home, I had a receipt in my inbox but I guess I was wrong. I found my car parked in the gas station next to my home. The left tires were completely destroyed. I haven't heard anything from cops but I have no idea how it happened. I am terrified, I have never done anything like this in my life and now I have completely fucked up. I can't eat I can't do anything. Do I need to get a lawyer now in preparation if something happens? I just want to be prepared for the worst. I am going to have my car towed tomorrow since it is Thanksgiving today. I'm sick to my stomach I know I fucked up badly and I don't know what to do. I looked at my receipt for Uber. The dude drove me to my car, which was across the street, and apparently I took that home. I had a transaction on my credit card for the gas station where my car was. Holy fuck absolutely nerve racking. I went through today looking for any damage in the areas around but it appears I just hit the median in the road instead of someone's property. Hopefully this is just a lesson I can move on from after paying for the damages to my vehicle. And yeah not saying shit without an attorney if it comes to it. Thanks. It sounds like you got away with it. Unless a dead body shows up police aren’t going to track down people that saw you last night, get them to testify, find surveillance videos of your car driving, and match the times to the testimony. You got lucky. It’s too difficult to prove you drive drunk at this point.  You said you have an uber receipt, and no history of driving drunk. It's also possible someone stole your car and went joyriding until they hit a curb and bailed. The Uber app shows your past trips, and should be able to confirm whether you took an uber home even down to the exact route. If you are trying to piece together your evening, Google Maps Timeline might show your route home last night, and anywhere else you went, depending on device and settings. I think it's on by default for most phones. Whether you drove or not, it's unlikely you will be contacted after the fact, especially considering your car was not towed. If you are contacted by the police, for the love of god, don't admit anything and get an attorney. Thank you. I am still dumb struck that I did this. The car didn't have any damage to it except the tires so I am confused to what happened but I am getting it fixed asap. I'm shaking now when I took an uber to get my car this morning and it wasn't there my heart stopped.  Relax. Get your car fixed and get your life in order. You're going to be okay, but you need to get your drinking under control or start going out with a designated sober buddy to hold your keys for you for now. Alcohol abuse counselling might be useful if this is a recurring thing. Drunk driving charges are _only rarely_ levied after the fact. The usual path to a DD conviction involves being pulled over while you're drunk, or getting into a collision while intoxicated. Since you didn't come to in the drunk tank or the hospital this morning, odds are good you "got away" with it. Your big risk, at this point, is that you either damaged someone's property (and will owe them what it costs to repair it) or injured someone (who will want you to pay their medical bills). If you are contacted by the police or by someone who alleges you injured them or damaged their property, get an attorney at that time. Absolutely get an attorney before you speak to the police. Until then, put this behind you and take it as a strong clue you need to make some changes in your life.