 Hey guys, I’m unsure if this is the right sub but I’m wondering about the legality of what my boyfriends manager is doing by not allowing him to place incident report. I’m asking about this for my boyfriend to doesn’t really use Reddit much. He works as a maintenance technician for a apartment complex and recently an older lady has been harassing him to get things in her house done. However, she 1. is not on the lease and 2. refuses to put a work order in which is their policy. (Work order so he can know which units take priority/inventory parts etc) He sent a message to his boss about this lady yesterday after she’d followed him around the apartment complex harassing him and raising her voice. His manager told him that he just needed to direct her to the office which is on a different site (the main office is not at the complex he works) He asked to make a report regarding this to which manager him that no one touched him, so they would not. This morning I dropped by my boyfriends work to bring him some snacks and a drink for the workday; as I was approaching this lady was yelling at him as he stood there. I stopped and rolled down the window and she stormed off. My boyfriend was pretty upset she’d sought him out for the second day, antagonizing him and even went as far as grabbing his shoulder to get his attention. I told him to immediately call the property manager to which she directed him to her assistant, the assistant said to talk to the PM. A few hours later this woman has been walking around looking for him. She’s told him he HAS to be there at 9am to fix something in her home and she’s not gone into said unit as he feels uncomfortable. The honest kicker here though is management refuses to do anything about this and we have a feeling they’re going to deny him making an incident report which he, after she grabbed him, requested to do. He can only make a report through his boss. Is there any legality issue with this or is it just purely just his boss being dismissive and unkind? Thanks guys. We’re in Arizona if that matter.  If he is fired as a result for reporting a crime or suspected crime he can speak to an employment attorney if he faces adverse action as a result.  Could he not be reprimanded through his boss for that?  Your boyfriend needs to go to the police, not management. 