 So I moved into this new house, and it's located in a pretty tight street, not many parking spots available. On my first week, I guess I parked in the guy's spot (I never knew it was 'his' spot) and in the next morning I saw my wipers were torn out and twisted. When we talked to the guys who lived in this house before us, they said they also once parked in his spot, and in the next morning both tires were completely flat. They knew it was him, but when they called the police they said they cannot do anything without evidence. The parking spots are quiet limited in this street and sometimes it would be full so u have to park down the street which is a bit of a walk to the house. The said parking spot is located right outside his house, but it is still a public parking spot. I hate this type of bullying, so I have bought another dashcam for the rear, and also a 26800mah powerbank to keep them running when the car is off, if he ever touches it again. I was thinking, and I need some advice here if I should do that or not, but I was thinking if I should park there intentionally and catch him on camera, and then sue the hell out of him. Problem is, I dont know what footage is considered good enough footage to hold in the legal world. Should I hide it outside the car? so u can actually see the whole thing in action? (but then again, i'm not sure if I would catch his face that way, it will be at night after all) or should I just leave the cameras inside the car?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further. [Commenting Rule 1]() [Commenting Rule 2]() [Commenting Rule 3]() [Commenting Rule 4]() [Commenting Rule 6]() [Commenting Rule 8]() [Commenting Rule 9]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Report all you know to the police Can you afford to not have access to your car for a while? Do you want to put your car in harms way to be able to file more reports? If you put up cameras, have them send footage to offsite storage. None of the houses in this street has a private parking spot. All these parking spots in our street are considered public. [removed] Wipers cost like $30 so I’m sure it would be a waste of his time to report it to his insurance company anyway. If you get repeated footage of him doing this, a 'pattern', then the police are more likely to take this seriously. If he ignores them after they've shown up once and told him to stop with the shenanigans, that is when the 'other charges' that carry fines may start to show up. If he stops, then the problem is solved from their perspective. But, either way, getting more than just one incident of this on camera, and more than just one car being vandalized, is when they're likely to take more serious notice. Neighbors having a petty squabble is much less concerning than an individual with a pattern of vandalism to an officer; guess who gets to deal with the paperwork generated by incidents of vandalism. What if he just takes the air out of my tires? Would he pay anything for that too? Exactly, at first I thought I'll get him and make him pay for how he treats the neighborhood but after this thread I'm thinking more towards just letting it go. This street doesn't really work this way, it not that each house has a parking spot, it's more like 1 parking spot for every 2 houses Tough situation. It works to your advantage that the neighbor is predictable, so you can plan and catch him in the act. The problem is that the police might not do anything, in which case you are stuck with a violent neighbor that holds a personal grudge against you - not the best of situations.  Absolutely this. Get some trail/game cameras shipped from Amazon or whatever is your preferred service. Set them up well out of reach and as camouflaged as possible. Also, I have no idea how the justice system in Isreal functions, but in America, with the evidence you collect, in addition to providing it to the police, you would be able to take him to civil court (sue him) to cover the damages to your vehicle.  You’re assuming that there is one car per house and that no one ever has visitors that drive. He wouldn't pay a fine. But he would be liable for repairing the damage You could put a motion-sensing trail camera in the tree The other thing you can get from catching him on footage is to sue him for the damage he causes. You can also show the footage to the police and tell them you would cooperate if they want to charge him with vandalism. It's up to them whether they bother though. I can’t see where you are as I’m on mobile, but I can imagine it would be considered vandalism/destruction of provate property. Cops can likely issue a ticket or fine of some sort depending on your location.  I see, so that's all I can get from catching him on footage, not making him do that again. Wish I had a way to make him pay a fine for what he's doing. I urge you to look up the state penal codes/laws for "vehicle tampering"; it's a serious thing and I wouldn't take that lightly! If you're in CA, [\_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=VEH sectionNum=10852](=VEH sectionNum=10852) I would also place a camera around your home/neighborhood pointed to where you park if possible.  If you catch the guy's face on camera, take that footage to the police. I had a neighbor that did this to a few cars who parked in "his" handicapped space (which was the only one on the entire residential street). The person being vandalized got footage, and the cops knocked at the guy's door with the proof. He didn't do it again.  Problem is, there is a tree hiding this parking spot, if you are trying to look at it from my house.  This happened some time ago, I have also paid for the damage myself and bought new wipers. So even if I catch the guy's face on camera, I still cannot do really do anything? NAL, but why hide the cameras? I would set up one on the front of my house pointed at the street. If you can make a show of it, you could install a fake one. It’ll deter him from ever damaging cars in the first place. I think the hassle of getting him charged and getting back $$ for damages would be too much trouble. But, then again, I’m old and tired. In my 20s, I would have had a stakeout with my own video camera.  's spot (I never knew it was 'his' spot) and in the next morning I saw my wipers were torn out and twisted. File a police report. Someone vandalized your car. Feel free to tell the cops that you suspect it was your neighbour. Then file a claim with your insurance for the repairs, and tell them why you suspect it was your neighbour - they may try to recover the costs from him. It's _likely_ not a good use of your time to sue your neighbour personally, as all you'd recover is the same damages your insurance would otherwise pay for. Encourage your neighbours to continue reporting vandalism to the police, as well. Security cameras and witness testimony are helpful; frequent reports may also encourage the cops to patrol your neighbourhood more often to try to catch the culprit.