 I bought a new car last week and I was told that it had a feature that would allow me to remote start the car from my phone. But going through the car menu and the app that is supposed to do this, I am finding that this car does not offer this feature (only the brand's higher end models do). This seems like straight up false advertising and it was something that I was really looking forward to using. I love the car otherwise, but I would like to do something to clear this up. Is there anything I can do? Because you signed the contract agreeing to purchase the vehicle. Ok. Thanks for your input.  The problem will be proving it when what you have in writing contradicts that. It's also possible the salesman was simply mistaken. Model options and packages change from year to year. That's why you carefully review everything in writing and research yourself what trim levels include what features.  I don't see how my due diligence is relevant. I was told it had the feature. This feature is part of a generic "always connected" feature of these cars. I knew the car I bought had the "always connected" feature, but it does not look like it has the smartphone remote start feature that I was told.  Upon further review, I found the paperwork she game me regarding this feature. It does list that "services are dependent on an operative connected vehicle... which may limit or restrict service" . But I specifically remember her telling me that the vehicle I test drove and subsequently purchased had the smartphone remote start feature. Don’t know, I don’t practice in your state any attorneys do free consults, otherwise you’d be paying at most for an hour—but I don’t know what the average hourly rate is in your state. Anyway, the attorney can advise you on next steps. She may be willing to take your case on contingency (meaning she’ll take a % on what you get) or can talk to you abut how to do small claims. Or maybe she’ll suggest you pay her to write them a threatening letter. Basically, your initial expense will be fairly low and she can help you make a plan. But definitely see if the feature is in writing. That’ll help your case a lot. If it’s not in writing, don’t give up until you’ve talked to a local lawyer.  Before you get too carried away, why did you not check yourself to make sure, if it’s an important feature? Did you not look at the specifications of the vehicle? No offence, but it seems like this is on you.  The sales rep I was working with told me "yes" when I asked about it. What would something like this cost me? Who told you the car had that feature? Is it in writing anywhere? Check the contract you signed. Even if it’s not in writing, you may still have recourse. Get all your paperwork together and get a consultation with a consumer protection attorney. 