  I'm coming here because I'm not sure where else to turn.. I'm going to try and make this short and to the point while trying to hide the identities of the individuals involved. Over one year ago my dad ran into two guys randomly out in the public, they began talking and became "friends" I'm going to call them Bob and Snake, I will prefer to them as B and S. Well B and S already had a successful business going with a store front in a very popular location. It was well established and liked by the locals, well my dad wanted to be apart of something big with these two gentlemen. They came up with a new business, well something they wanted to do for awhile. A online retail store. B and S will be the main share holders with my dad being a silent partner. He invested 100k of capital to kick-start things (August 2017) . He has documents saying what shares he owns and they're notarized. Business started and things were going well, product was being pushed out the doors. Now fast forward to February 2018 my dad moved away to a different state and this is where everything went down hill. According to Bob, in March 2018 Bob was on a business trip out of the country while gone for a few days his business partner Snake took all the money from the bank accounts (a couple hundred thousands) and all the assets and left the country to South America. Bob came back to find everything gone. Well with my dad being out of the state was also left out of the loop by Bob, My Father contacted Bob in June 2018 and was told things were going well with the business, Bob flat out lied an did not tell him the money was "stolen" nor anything about the Snake leaving the country. After some sloppy communication my dad decided to fly to Fl in October 2018 and meet face to face, and that's when Bob broke the news to him about what happened. Now this is were we are at now. Bob said he has attorneys working the case but its difficult with Snake being out of the country and having zero assets here. What can my dad do? He is pretty much broke right now. How liable is Bob for this, he was President of the LLC and also lied about the business doing well for about 8 months. My dads a wreck right now. Thing is we don't know if Bob is lying or telling the truth. Maybe they split the money an are lying we are not sure yet. I told my dad to get a paper trail going but I'm not even sure where to start with that. Please Reddit I really need your help right now for I am at a lost myself. Thanks for taking your time to read this. Extra info: Bob still has his original store front going but says hes now in tons of debt. The LLC my dad started with them is dead in the water. So it more sounds like an investment gone bad. Unless there is fraud, poor management is not fraud. For $100k, its worth hiring a lawyer though. He should not invest $100k in a start up that he can't afford. Well sounds like he's out $100k if the facts are what you say they are. Hire an attorney to investigate. If he lied before, he may be lying now.  100k is hire an attorney money.