 So my parents neighbors had this beautiful husky that was always full of energy. Unfortunately the neighbors didn’t care about this dog, as they left it tied up outside most of the year. It also escaped all the time. Frequently I would come over to my parents to find it running around in our yard. I’d take it back home and they would laugh it off like it was no big deal. One time I saw him bolt towards the busy street, and I let them know. A little while later they came home with him and let us know he was hit by a car, “but was totally fine”. They were laughing as they told us this.. Today I went over to my parents house and noticed buzzards flying around the railroad tracks. I went upstairs to look out the window and see what was out there, and upsettingly saw the husky’s carcass is splayed on the tracks. It’s 100% the same dog. I’m upset this poor animal face such a horrific end. My question is, is there anyone I can call to report this? Their neglect of the animal is absolutely why it got out and got hit by that train. Honestly I don’t even know if they know it’s missing, and according to my dad there have been buzzards for two days now.. It sounds like the owners were horrible and shouldn't have had pets. If they get another one, you should definitely get ASPCA involved as soon as you notice it left out for long periods of time. I just don't see what any enforcement agency would do post-mortem These were my similar thoughts. I’m just worried these people will get another animal. They also have an indoor cat that somehow also frequently gets out of the house and I’m worried for that guy now too.  It’s not common at all actually, that’s why there are leash laws. It’s not like they lived on a bunch of land and the dog wandered off the property, it’s a small neighborhood with busy roads all around and a train that runs behind the house. When someone chooses to have a pet, they’re now responsible for that animals health and safety. They left this dog in the Florida sun for hours without water, made no attempts to prevent it from escaping, and when it did escape they typically never knew until someone brought the dog back. Id consider that animal abuse.  Ianal, but isn't letting animals run around without a leash fairly common? I know many cat lovers who will die on the hill arguing that freedom is best for the animal. Point being, unless the dog was actually tied to the train track or something, I doubt a Court would consider what your neighbors did to be abuse. This is the best advice but there may be little way to prove it without physical evidence aka a dog. However, they will be a report if something happens in the future.  Yes, but nothing will come of it. They will just say the dog got lose and was hit by the train. This might complicate your relationship with your neighbors, so tread carefully. Animals are considered property in the eyes of the law. Animal control and the ASPCA.