 If a person wishing to emigrate boards an international flight, at what point would he be considered to have left the USA? When the door closes? Upon leaving US airspace? On landing at the destination airport or going through destination customs? Followup...If it is when the door closes or when leaving US airspace, what happens if the plane has to return to the USA (say has engine trouble)? Would the emigrant have re-entered US airspace or would that not apply unless he exits through customs? Thanks for all your help. Thanks for the detailed reply! That's part of the underlying concern... Inadvertent breach. Otherwise just trying to wrap my head around the issue. I'm a fly on the wall and otherwise uninvolved on this but basically prosecution extended the rough offer and it's on defense to make it work. This particular point has been batted back and forth for awhile now. I.e. at what point has the defendant (D) fulfilled his obligation. If D is turned over to... IDK... a US marshal or other LEO to deliver to flight, would seating the D on the flight satisfy the court, or would D need either a chaperone to destination or perhaps a set amount of time to report to foreign consulate?  They won't be able to relinquish US citizenship until they have landed in and cleared customs at their destination country anyways - the State Department does not take renunciation applications domestically, and only accepts them at foreign consulate offices. Until they do that, or until the courts order their citizenship stripped under an applicable law, they remain a US citizen, and eligible to enter the US, even if they are under a binding agreement to renounce that citizenship. The whole question of "when the accused leaves the US" is largely irrelevant, from my perspective, as a term of the proposed deal cannot be fulfilled until well after that point regardless of when you draw the line. If their flight leaves and is forced to return by mechanical failure or something, they'll just be re-booked onto the next flight and carry on, like any other passenger affected by a flight issue, but they'll still end up going to the US consulate office in their destination to handle the renunciation afterwards. What's the underlying concern? That the accused might inadvertently breach the terms of the agreement due to factors beyond their control? [removed] Sorry... wasn't clear ... not trying to be evasive: Felony defendant (US) holds dual citizenship with USA and another country. Prosecution has proposed a deal where defendant relinquishes US citizenship and boards a plane for other country, never to return. If working out details, when would US jurisdiction end? Supporting case law or statutes would be of great help! Everyone arriving at a US port of entry is subject to inspection and customs clearance, regardless of how they get there or where they departed from. In practice, the airline may drop you at the international arrivals desk, in which case you'd clear customs entering the US even though you never cleared customs on the way out or formally entered any other country. You're a US citizen that wishes to emigrate to another country? None of those details really matter in any situation I am aware of. You emigrate once you have reside in a country where you have obtained legal permanent residence/citizenship. The US doesn't really get involved unless you want to also give up your US citizenship, and that'd be further down the line anyways