 I want to leave out as many details as possible. I work for the commonwealth and I am a nurse. I have many health issues that limit my physical functions. Some of I have conditions where I pass out extremely easily due to exertion (it can be from standing or having a bowel movement or lifting something) I have an FMLA for this so my work is aware and I am very open about this. I also have had neck and shoulder surgery so it’s extremely difficult for me to even do my own laundry or lift things around my own house or go grocery shopping for example. I have now been told instead of CNA’s doing the ADL care like they have been for the past X amount of years at this facility WE (nurses) are going to be starting to share that care for some of the more difficult patients. I am not trying to get out of work or being lazy, please understand this. I take medication and see one of the best neurologist in the world and get many tests done to do the very best job function I can here. I love my job and struggle to come to work with my conditions. I have gone to my union (I am LPN) and they say they cannot help me with this issue. I am at my wits end. My doctor said he cannot write me a medical note and “You should just get a new job” and I feel so hopeless. I just want help saying I cannot do these heavy liftings at work I will literally pass out/possibly go into cardiac arrest. I spoke with my director about this and she said if I refuse to do the assignments then I will be fired on the spot. I have barely any sick time left due to my last surgery. I’m so sorry if I rambled. I just need to know what can I do? I work for the commonwealth and they are now saying instead of doing our regular skilled nursing care we are going to have to do CNA work which includes a lot heavy lifting which I cannot do. TLDR: I work for the commonwealth as LPN. I have a lot of health issues which I do skilled nursing care. I have condition where I pass out extremely easily due to exertion (it can be from standing or having a bowel movement or lifting something) and also have had neck and shoulder surgery. My work is making the nurses do more than nursing care and do the CNA work now including heavy lifting which I cannot do. I have gone to union and doctor who cannot help me. They told me to get a new job. What can I do?