 I have a close friend who told me today that her brother in law who is having a hard time dealing with his wife (her sister) more and more. They have been married for ten years and have two kids. My friend and her sister have serious mental health issues running in their family. From schizophrenia to bipolar disorder, depression, multiple substance abuse and anger issues. My friend along with her sister have had pieces of those since they were very young, they're now middle aged. The only problem is her sister does not have medications for it and does not take the ones she has and refuses to get actual help and fuels ot with drinking and drugs. In the most recent incident HIS kids have started to pick up sarcastic, underhanded talk about him from their mother. He has talked to my friend many times before about this type of treatment going on. Spanning from screaming matches to her getting physical and hateful. I do personally know him but he has never said as much to me, just that he understands some of the relationship issues I deal with in my personal life, at least those that we have talked about with each other. My friend told me that he came to the point of breaking down and crying in front of her and that he didnt know what to do. I advised my friend to talk to other family members about her sister so she had a few people backing her up to deter her sister from getting out of control. My friend was really worried about trying that because of how "evil" her sister gets in using other people's short comings as a way to shift focus from herself. In my mind it's starting to sound way worse that I initially thought. She has the whole family in fear of her wraith when they agitate her by talking about her problems. My friend is afraid to confront her alone but has tried before. After hearing this from my friend I told her that in the worst case if her sister doesnt wake up and realize what she is doing that her brother in law should consider telling a lawyer or the police or child protection that he is removing his kids and himself from his wife and taking them somewhere else. My friend didn't think that was a good idea but I managed to at least get her to consider it as an option if things dont change or get worse. I'm not a lawyer or that in touch with the law. What I told her was my own "common" sense reaction to the problem and what I was hearing. If the family is that in fear and the husband is reaching out like he did, it seems appropriate in my mind for him to be able to do that. My main points to my friend were that the father has a solid career and provides for his kids and wife and himself. His wife is a career bartender that doesnt get any benefits from her job and the most she does is work 1-2 days a week, relying on tips to help support her family. The rest is spent at home watching the kids. My friend was worried that because of that there would be no way for him to take the kids because no one is around to take care of them while he is working. That's simply not true. They are also at school for the majority of the day this time of year. As it stands my friend and her family are all too afraid to confront her sister, it's not my place to either though her sister does know that i'm aware of some of the things she has done. I have only been involved in this for two years or so and dont know everyone all that well. I gave my friend the best advice I could but I would like to do better to make sure nothing goes completely wrong legally and so nobody gets violent. I dont know if the whole seperation thing is doable. i would also definitely recommend checking out if there's any domestic violence shelters in the area in case things go south. Okay, thank you. It's good to know I was the right track.  If he wants to keep the marriage intact he has a few options. If he is willing to divorce his wife then he has more options. I'd suggest your friend's BIL contact a divorce attorney to start discussing his options. Custody, CPS, and restraining orders are all possible options at this point. If she has a wraith, he definitely needs at least +5 shielding. I'm not sure what you're legal question is. He needs to get a divorce. 