 So here goes my (32F) ex fiance (34 M) and I have 2 kids together after I left him a couple years ago I found out he was doing meth and other drugs and I went and got full custody right away to keep my kids safe. Since then hes been in and out of rehab and other NA AA meetings but never really got clean. A month ago he called me crying and asked if he could see the kids. I told him that if he could stay clean and go to one on one counseling and take drug tests every three days at a clinic and send me some child support not all of what he owes me a month I would let him see them at xmas time but I needed some sort of good faith from him and proof he was doing these things. Since then he sent me a little bit of money 2 weeks late and then I haven't heard from him since. Now his mother told me she is helping him get legal visitation. So instead of doing the minimal effort that I asked him to do if hè really wanted to be clean and sober and see them he just decided to go and do this. I am stressing out. I feel like if he gets visitation there is nothing stopping him from doing drugs and staying clean when he gets what he wanted. Do I need to be worried?  In addition to u/hotwingconspiracy007's solid advice, I'll add that you should be careful about tactics like this. Child support is not considered an access fee, and attempts to withhold visitation he is lawfully entitled to unless he pays you will go badly. That's not much of a concern right now as he has no lawful entitlement to any visitation at all, but in general it's often a better choice to go through your jurisdiction's child support enforcement process rather than withholding visitation. Your heart's in the right place. I hope you're able to keep your kid safe. If he does move for visitation, it may be worth having an attorney push for his visitation to be supervised until he completes narcotics counselling or is able to pass drug screens for multiple weeks straight. Thank you.  Listen to you lawyer, but I wouldn’t have anything to do with this family unless a court orders it. It’s probably in your best interest to cease communicating with them. Your lawyer is correct- unless they petition a court to revisit the issue, you don’t have to do anything here nor should you. The court order says no visitation but it's only a temporary order. My lawyer said as long as he doesn't fight it it's good forever. I just told him to send me half of the child support as a way to make sure he was serious. If I knew he was sending me money I'd know he wasn't spending it on drugs. Before that he hadn't paid me in two years and I really couldn't care less about the money. I haven't spoken to him since I told him what I wanted him to do a month ago and have no plans on speaking to him now. His mom just told me today while we were talking about getting together for xmas.  What does the current custody order say? Does it grant him visitation? If not, you don’t have to allow anything here. Let him take you to court, and then you can tell the judge why you don’t feel your children are safe with him. I’d stop communicating with him if I were you. Don’t dangle “getting clean” or him sending you money as trade offs to see the kids. Just ignore him unless you are served with a notice to appear if in fact he does petition a court. He's actually doing the right thing if he's trying to handle this through the courts. You can bring up your concerns in court. 