  This should be fun so strap in. I was in Nassaus Bahamas and suffered a stroke unexpectedly. I am young (low 30’s)and an overall pretty active and healthy so a stroke was the last thing that I would expect it to happen at this time in my life. So when the stroke hit the left side of my body went ‘limp’. I wasn’t able to talk, walk, or function … it is similar to being paralyzed and all around sucks. The hotel thankfully called an ambulance which brought me to a hospital. Here’s where the fun begins. My girlfriend (lets call her T) went to give them my health insurance card when I was admitted which covers me internationally but the hospital refused my insurance and said that I don’t have coverage and insisted on cash payment or they would not treat me. When you are having a stroke minutes count so she give them whatever they wanted to treat me This is when T gave them my credit card. Mind you I was unconscious trying not to die. So I was not able to step in and deal with the situation. I woke up hours later to T crying by my bedside. She was explaining to me the situation, even though I was conscience I was not able to process nor have the energy to respond. She was explaining that they would chase her down the hallway for $ 5000 $10,000 $20,000 at a time whatever they could as if buying a used car, it was surreal and makes me so mad but she did not have any other options at the time she notified my parents who showed up a day later. My father was raising hell about them not taking my insurance when he arrived but it was not the time to argue and made arrangements to get me back to the states. T is not an authorized user on my credit card account but she was doing what she thought was best for me while trying not to die. I think anyone else would have done the same Long story short I was transported via air ambulance back to the states Pompano Beach Florida where my health insurance took over and now that the dust has settled I have $55,000 in charges on my credit card from said hospital in the Bahamas. I have spoken to my insurance company and they said the hospital should have taken the insurance when I was admitted but the hospital prefers cash because insurance companies will pay discounted rates whereas cash out of pocket is subject to whatever the hospital charges. So the rub is the insurance company will not reimburse me for the full amount as that is not what they would have paid the hospital directly Since T is not an authorized user and she signed all the credit card receipts I already attempted to chargeback the charges but the credit card company has rejected this as a claim stating I have benefited from the services at the hospital and it is not considered fraud. I’m not trying to stiff the hospital on their bill, rather I want my money back and have my health insurance company pay them what they should have been be paid. My blood boils that they chased a grieving emotional girl for money knowing what they were doing. They took complete advantage of the situation Does anyone out there have any advice or work for Bank of America disputes dept that can help guide me anyway or should I bother contacting a lawyer in the Bahamas? I assume I have to deal with an attorney over there not here, correct? If so a contact or advice on how to find one over there would be great. Complete sidenote on where I’m at today. I am in rehab full time and started walking a few weeks ago for the first time since the stroke it’s not a pretty walk but gets me around my left arm is still flaccid but starting to move so I’m encouraged and the DRs think about six to 12 months to get full movement back, they say being young is one when the advantages in rehab ..I guess silver lining?? .. still sucks though LOL I typed this post using voice dictation software apologies for any typos or grammatical errors or formatting I sucked with grammar before the stroke :)  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Do not advise posters to call the media or to post on social media Do not advise posters to call the media, post on social media, or otherwise publicize their situation. That creates additional risks and problems, and should only be done, if at all, with the counsel of a local attorney representing OP. Please review the following rules before commenting further. [General Rule 9]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I recommend you find a company that deals with asshole healthcare providers on your behalf. I heard that such things exist after we spent 9 months disputing a hospital bill, so I haven't used them myself but they exist (), though I don't know if they have international reach. As to the legal conflict, you should be able to find an attorney barred in the Bahamas who should at least be able to give you some advice. But you may be screwed. (I don't know how to find lawyers in Bahamas, but I know that Chambers is decent for reviewing law firms: ) [removed] Thank you ....now this makes sense!!:) I have not paid the cc , yet I hope you have not paid the credit card bill. There is a much lower chance to recover the money if you have already paid the bill. [removed] "Makes sense" is not what you are going for here. The legal world is very different from your ordinary thoughts. What you want to find out is if you can successfully argue that the use of your card, according to the contract you and the card issuer agreed to, meets some narrow definition that makes you not responsible for the charges. And therefore one of the first things to do is dig up the card contract you signed when you opened the card and any changes in the agreement that the issuer might have sent you subsequently. This is contract law. If you can successfully argue that, perhaps with the help of a lawyer, then the card issuer will realize that they are unlikely to get the money from you. One of the reasons they denied the claim is that they think that you will give them the money and pay that credit card bill. As soon as they realize they are not getting that money, they will try to do a chargeback and stick the hospital with the cost of treatment at which point they will be forced to accept your insurance. [removed] [removed] While I agree with you on the morals of the issue, it's wrong to presume a hospital in a foreign country is governed by our country's laws and moral/ethical standards so there shouldn't be any argument from a position of relativistic morality. The issue is whether they had the legal authority (in their country) to do what they did. [removed] [removed] This is going to be very country specific. There is no blanket guarantee that all hospitals in all nations need to provide emergent care, regardless of payment. I am not familiar enough with bahamian law to say. So, unless you have a specific insight, I dont think this is supportable. Thank you!!! I do not work for UHC...I work for "one of the other guys"...and we do not take lightly at all a provider balance billing our members. The company I work for has several department dedicated to international claims. UHC may also have such departments....it may take some calling transfers to get to the right place, but remain persistent. I cannot imagine that UHC DOESNT have this for their members. If you follow your health claims online and have an account, the information for an international claims department (and thus a network management/account management unit) who can help you may be found there. Also, I know the company I work for has our International claims program on the back of our insurance card (by the name we call it)...maybe UHC does too?? If I think of anything else, I'll post here. If you have any more questions, I'll try to answer them for you. I now work in Govt Business Division Medicare, but around 7-8 years ago worked in customer service commercial and used to take calls like yours and would transfer my company's members to our international department often for claims questions, inquiries, repatriation upon an untimely death in a foreign land etc. If I were in your shoes and my credit card company already told me to go pound salt, I'd be like a fly on shit all over my insurance company to make this right....but also being a realist, I'd also have those claim forms coming to me in the mail. Last thought....call down to that facility in the Bahamas and request an itemized statement/copy of your bill if you dont have one or you've not already done so. Hopefully, the itemized statement will have the codes required for your claim forms if you need to fill those out. Also, if you DO end up filing those claim forms and UHC only reimburses you the contracted rate...now you have a notebook of dates, times, calls names of reps you've called to ask the company to help you resolve this with THEIR contracted provider...and you PERHAPS have a chance at some additional monies on an appeal at that point.  Thank you. I been leaning a lot on my insurance agent to nsvigste UHCsince the agency has the relationship, however, I think i am goigthostart stepping in more aggressively.  I'm a benefits adminstrator and our company uses UHC. Our plan has a clause that only emergency services are covered under the plan if you are abroad. This definitely sounds like an emergency. When people on our plan have to pay for the hospital/clinic, etc up front, I tell them to keep their receipts and send it to UHC as a claim. It isn't difficult, you just fill out form, and fax it in with the invoice. And there is appeals process with UHC as well, check your insurance Summary Plan Description, which is the legal document for your coverage, on the process. If your initial claim is declined, then the appeals usually has to be initiated in a specific time frame after that. Good luck, very hairy situation. Makes sense, for non-life threatening medical examinations and procedures. OP presented to the ER suffering from a stroke and without medical treatment would have likely died. If OPs girlfriend had not been there to pluck out a credit card, would the hospital have been right to deny treatment or to take the credit card out of his wallet themselves? In my experience of visiting medical facilities in foreign countries, payment was arranged post emergent provided care. Also, requiring a deposit is one thing, taking a credit card and charging the full amount presumably before the patient was billed is another.  This is deatiled ans useful... thank you !!! I would be hammering UHC NOW! They are your only link to the facility in the Bahamas and perhaps your only hope (until you seek counsel and are advised further) who can MAYBE get the facility to reverse charges and bill thru them appropriately...you know, like the facility should've done per their contract with UHC in the first place. Begin with your customer service department; the toll free number is indicated on the back of your insurance card. Make sure to document the date, time and name of representative you speak to and a summary of every call to them in a notebook. Also know that all calls are recorded...so if a rep tells you they will "get you credited" or make you any promises that dont come to fruition, you can appeal and request the call, date, time and name of rep be pulled as part of your appeal. I'm getting a bit ahead of myself but this is always best practice (date, time, name in a notebook) when you are dealing with something with your insurance company that may take more than 1-2 phone calls to get squared away. Ask the rep to escalate your call to an account manager or a supervisor for assistance. At this point you don not have any claims, per se, with UHC that have been denied for an appeal. So you are seeking their assistance in getting their own contracted provider to bill them accordingly reverse your charges. Because the facility in the Bahamas is an in-network provider, they cannot bill you more than the insurance company would pay them per the contract. This is called "balance billing" and its a big "no-no" for contracted providers to balance bill a member. I still stand by getting claim forms....but I would also be raising Kane with UHC. Perhaps you won't need to fill out those claim forms after all, but will have them just in case you do. Source: I work at one of the top 3 Health Insurance companies in the US You need to get in touch with your insurance company, raise holy hell, and declare that you should be "held harmless" since you were supposedly covered for this. Get your state insurance commissioner on it, too, if they give you any guff. This is what he (assumed) does.  many complaints will be filed once I get past this initial hump .I thin I need to Hammer UHC more then I have been  yes. I been googling a few over there and will reach this week.   Agree 100% someone else mentioned reaching out to the “higher-ups” at the hospital. I’ve been hesitant bc/ I am largely emotional (angry) so If ’I can remove the emotion I think I can navigate the hospital’ org effectively I’m not going to walk away quietly no matter how this shakes out with United healthcare. Lawyer seems to be worth the ia consult at least at this time. I am over my head It sounds like OP did not contact his health insurance while he was in the hospital, so no charges were agreed with the insurance. While you are calling that lawyer, also call United Health Care (UHC) and get some claims forms mailed to you. Fill them out so YOU can get reimbursed at whatever rate the hospital and providers in the Bahamas would have gotten paid at their contracted rate. UHC, Anthem and large health insurance companies like them have contracts with doctors, hospitals and clinics all around the world for situations just like yours. You are absolutely due reimbursement and should get the international claim forms started. You can also file a complaint with UHC about their in-network provider in the Bahamas as UHC should have a network account manager who works on accreditation and contracted rates, etc between that facility and UHC. This person (or team) may also file resolve member complaints. I hope this helps. Good luck to you in your recovery.  Lots of countries have the policy to require a CC or cash deposit for medical care for out of country patients. This is quite common in 2nd and 3rd world countries because they don't have the resources to track you down or to fight the insurance companies if the insurance company screws them over. Most of Mexico is like this, for example.  I just spoke to American Express and confirmed they offer accident insurance coverage but not medical emergencies looks like I’ll have to stick with United healthcare for now. Thank you for your comments! Does your travel health insurance plan state that you need to inform them when you are about to or just after you receive medical care? Google is telling me it's common for them to require this so they can negotiate the bill while you're still in the hospital, especially for the many countries like this where they require a CC deposit and you have to file for reimbursement later. If your policy called for this you may be mostly out of luck. You can still ask them to help you negotiate with the hospital, though. You don't need a lawyer in Atlanta, you need one in Bahamas. If you file suit against the hospital it will have to be there. Make sure you follow the claim closely. You have legal options to appeal, but they are typically time bound and the window might be fairly short, as little as 60 days. http://healthyfuturega.org/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/How-to-File-a-Health-Insurance-Appeal.pdf Also definitely call AMEX. Maybe a dead end, but maybe not ...  I would also be raising hell woth whatever licensing and ethics board governs that hospital because they IMO engaged in some unethival practices and took advantage of OP and his SO. If the best you can get from the insurance is to reimburse you for shatever they would have paid the hospital that's better than nothing and would help lower your balance and interest but at this point i think you really need a lawyer to navigate the insurance, CC, and hospital dispute/appeal processes. Yes my insurance agent has filed a claim on my Behalf I am covered as it's considered an emergency. The amount is the issue at hand I actually booked is through American Express and have not thought about travel insurance benefits Typical domestic health insurance does not cover international claims. Are you sure UHC offers this as a benefit to you? Even if they do offer this, I’m guessing that they would consider the hospital out of network and your max out of pocket is insane as a result. Have you filed a claim with UHC? Have they denied it? Have you filed an appeal? A grievance? A complaint with the commissioner of insurance? Have you checked to see if the credit card you booked the trip on includes any sort of travel insurance benefits? Depending on your assets and income, filing for bankruptcy might be an option.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. First time I’ve ever heard the USA medical system described as consumer friendly... But I agree, this needs to go via his medical insurance... also if he paid for the trip with a card there could be travel insurance to help  [removed] This is only true if the hospital participates with United Health Insurance. Considering they are located in the Bahamas, we know they are non-participating. Additionally, If they were participating they would not be allowed to charge you in advance, outside of a copay or deductible. I have no advice to the OP, other than I don’t believe you will get far with United. They have an allowed amount for services and don’t pay over that amount. Because this provider is considered non-participating, the hospital would be allowed to balance bill you because they do not accept United’s fee schedule. Good luck, I am glad you’re progressing through your recovery.  [removed] [removed] I don't think challenging the charges through the credit card company are the way to go. It's well established in the United States that when a person needs life saving medical attention and is incapacitated and unable to approve the medical treatment, it's presumed that he would approve it. The laws in the Bahamas are probably far less consumer friendly. I think he'd have better odds of success fighting his health insurance company and arguing that they should cover the cost of the treatment or at least reasonable value of the treatment. Yes /u/mayfi944, it is a very gray and shady area that needs to be analyzed by appropriate legal counsel (both in the US and the Bahamas) and not armchair internet lawyers. I will say that implied consent does apply here since as I said, the hospital's claim would be had he been conscious he would have handed over his credit card first in order to be treated. Implied consent basically means the unconscious person would do whatever is in their best interest. $70K  Implied consent has nothing to do with credit card charges. OP also states that the hospital refused treatment until they had a credit card in hand, which is not ethical, so OP’s girlfriend gave them something from his wallet. 55k on one card? What is the card limit? [removed] Makes sense  Very helpfull definitely making some calle tomorrow. I like the idea of trying to get a US based attorney to compel Bank of America to do the right thingt thank you for your reply The legal doctrine is known as "implied consent." Because you were unconscious, the hospital had an ethical responsibility to treat you with the assumption that if you were conscious you would have given consent (also known as "informed consent.") This is why you are responsible for the bill. However, you may still wish to have US legal counsel investigate this for you since if the price of treatment is vastly different than what is usual, a court may be able to compel Bank of America to chargeback the money and allow you to pay through your insurance or at least adjust the charge to what is the market/reasonable price. Implied consent does not mean they can simply charge you whatever they want. Should that fail or be a dead end, and you wish to continue pursuing the matter, you will very likely need to do so civilly in the Bahamas (that is, by hiring a Bahamian lawyer and suing in a Bahamian court.) You are trying to use a rule designed to prevent genuine fraud (someone stole the card and is trying to use it) to justify a chargeback in a situation where you were unable to give authorization so someone you know and trust did so on your behalf, and for which you received services. Let's look at this another way. Let's assume you were conscious and able to communicate. Would you have absolutely refused treatment if they required a credit card? Just left the hospital with no help? I have no clue about Bahamanian law. If it's anything like other less developed countries, it's incredibly unfriendly to consumers like you. Your best bet may be to fight your insurance company. My suspicion is that a Bahamanian hospital would charge less for its services than a U.S. hospital in a major metropolitan city like Atlanta. So the hospital's charges may be similar to what your insurance pays for those services anyway. trust me, with the amount of money at stake I am not done fighting yet thank you for your advice Good luck and make sure to keep trying every avenue you have. Try them all and keep trying.  yeah, making a couple calls tomorrow to some lawyers in Atlanta Yea never give CCs to much information. The more you give the higher chance they will deny. All you needed to do is fill out the fraud form as "did not authorize charges". You want to put the weight of proving their side on the hospital, not you. The problem is the CC has more information than they need so you appealing will probably go no where now. You need to have a lawyer write a letter and let them appeal for you. Get a lawyer ASAP as there are time limits to charge backs and you want to move as fast as possible. Ask them about the other options I gave as well to see what they think.  forgot to add I've given paragraphs to dispute specialist copies of proof of insurance and whatever else the B of a has asked me to provide including the claim submitted to United healthcare after the fact [deleted] I have not contacted them yet, given how they handle the situation when I was admitted I've been hesitant to contact them about the charges seeing as how they have all the leverage and all the money I figured if I can at least get my money back from Bank of America then they will be more likely to listen to get paid the way they should have been paid through United healthcare agreed this is one of the things I'm trying to get clarity on am I submitting the claim wrong to Bank of America I don't understand how someone else is able to sign on my behalf that was not authorized to.  Stop suggesting "dispute with the credit card company." OP has already tried that and it didn't work, because this isn't an instance of fraud. Further comments that offer nothing else will result in a ban at the mods' discretion. [deleted] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] [removed] [removed] I'll call a couple attorneys here in Atlanta and get their opinion tomorrow. My concern was this happening in Bahamas limited my Rolodex of who to call for help [removed] Whats the difference between what your health insurance will reimburse you and the charges levied by the hospital? Depending on the amount of money, you want a lawyer to bring suit to recover the erroneously charged amount. They have an agreement to take your insurance, you were covered by that insurance, and the agreement is that is what they will charge. It is allowed for them to charge you in advance, but they cant charge more than what was agreed with the insurance. 1: Have you contacted the hospital and asked for an admin? Tell them your credit card was charged without your permission and you have health insurance. Try to see if they will charge the insurance. Always talk to higher ups. 2: See if the State department can help. Contact them to see if they have a contact in that nation that may be able to help. Also reach out to the Gov there as well. 3: How much information did you give Bank of America? Was it several paragraphs of information, a few sentences, or a single sentence? Have you appealed yet? 4: Contact your insurance company and see if they have someone that can assist/speak to the hospital. Try to make a direct claim yourself if all else fails. 5: Talk with a lawyer about the charge back and the insurance company not steeping up to help more. Make it clear you did not have the ability to apporve anything from a medical standpoint.  That is not always true, especially overseas. Many less developed hospitals will not treat before getting payment. Many insurers will allow you to submit after the fact and they will settle the claim according to their fee structure. It is not reasonable to tell a stroke victim that they should have waited to get a hold of a claims rep. [removed] [removed] Having health insurance coverage doesn't usually mean you just pay out of pocket and they send you all the money. You're required to have it billed through them for negotiation. [removed] I am not a lawyer but my suspicion is that you're screwed. Unfortunately no one here is going to be able to tell you for sure as I don't think we have any users that are familiar with Bahamian law. You may have better luck with /r/LegalAdviceUK as it's a former crown colony and now an independent commonwealth realm, however I still don't like your chances. That said I think the best suggestion would be contacting a legal professional in the Bahamas for a consultation. I would concentrate on the fact that you were unconscious when the charges were placed, that the person who signed the charges was unauthorized to act as your financial or medical proxy and that the hospital refused your insurance when initially offered. You can find a list of members of the Bahamian Bar Association in the link below. http://www.bahamasbarassociation.com