 I saw someone else have a post similar, so I am wondering the same. I did not microchip my cat when I got him. I think he was registered, but I am unsure. My tuxedo is an outdoor cat, but only about 50% of the time and Some old cat lady saw in running towards our neck of the area, snatched him up and neutered and chipped him. She has like 30 cats and was keeping him in her house till one day he escaped and came home with a different collar on. I called the number she manually put on his tag and she hung up and blocked the #. When he wen't missing again (I promise I am a good owner, she just lives directly across our woods and he passes through after adventuring), I found her address and came to get him myself. She was bitchy, claimed he was malnourished and abandoned (hes fit, well groomed and happy) but I eventually got him without any sort of legal threats. Later on, when I wasn't home, she found my home and she guilt tripped my poor mom into giving her some money for the chip she paid for. My mom is very soft spoken and never wants to hurt anyone's feelings. I was furious when I heard this and told my mom that I would talk to her if it ever happened again. This was several years ago, and she has yet to contact me. So, if there was an exchange of money for the cat, was he bought? Even though I had him since he was a kitten, technically, is he hers because she chipped him, as she has done with many cats I assume she has "found"? If so, is there any way I can register him as my own? I know this is all google-able, but I wanted to know if there was any loopholes or any way I could ensure she would never try to take him He is a meathead, drooling, and attention seeking brat that's very close to my heart. Seeing that she has many cats, I don't think she would ever just call me up one day out of the blue, but I would like to be sure.   The cat was already yours. She had the chip implanted, but that does not by itself establish ownership - particularly if she does that with all cats she finds. By the facts presented, you did in fact purchase the chip. You should document the sale of the chip to you (with her name and address) then get the chip read, and have the information associated with the chip changed to yours.  NAL: If the cat is registered to you, had/has a collar on with your info, and you have recent vet bills, then the cat is legally your property. Her not taking reasonable steps to return your property to you does not magically make him hers. However, that is now going to be difficult to prove since he is chipped and registered to her through the system with the microchip. I would get the chip removed or get the account info and change it over to yours in case the cat is picked up by animal control. As it stands now, the cat will end up going to her if picked up by animal control or dropped off at a vet. I would also take reasonable steps to keep your cat from going outdoors. As far as money changing hands, without a receipt or witness, it’s her word against your moms. Keep your car indoors and try and get the chip info changed to yours. A chip does not create legal ownership, but it can be used as evidence of ownership if it ever becomes a police or court matter. The simplest way to keep your cat safe -- and indisputably yours -- is to keep them inside your house, or in secured areas like catios. Legally the cat is yours, but as long as the microchip is registered to her it's not provably yours. Have you gotten the chip re-registered to your name address?