 Hi. Apologize if my language is weird. I am autistic. I'm associated with a subset of people that do not deserve sympathy. Vigilantes periodically show up at your residence. Police are annoyed and shrug off any harassment calls so you're typically on your own. And nobody believes you. Any and every time I make a complaint or try to explain my situation I am accused of minimizing my "offence". So in advance, leave those comments out. Heard it all before. I am a sex offender and my court ordered therapist has been extorting me for a year +. I had been extorted by my court ordered therapist for gifts, money, favors, in exchange for decent reports at court. In one year I gave him $32,630 in goods and services. Note: this therapist that extorted me was NOT the therapist I was assigned to do weekly and monthly groups. But a different one, who handled the bookkeeping and general admin. Stressful things like he would call me at 6-7 PM ( not working hours ) and say he was /just/ thinking about me and court and my results how it would look real good for court if I enrolled in double sessions but instead of using cash, I could pay using merchandise from work because he was an advid sporter \[ for this story, lets say I own a sporting goods store next to a field where people pay money to sport \]. Then that turned into, you don't pay me cash anymore, you pay me in gift cards. Then that turned into, hey I want the brand new latest sport tool and I need it for $200 off what Dick's has it for. Then that turned into bags, free memberships, free beers, free soft drinks. Then it progressed to him showing up with a group of 10 friends telling me i could let them on the field for free couldnt I? Every question was framed like I couldn't say no. I decided to finally make a report when I went to court for a probation violation, the therapist did not mention I was in double sessions and actually told judge I was under performing and that I needed double sessions. When I said I was in double sessions already, the judge looked at me really weird and the therapist backtracked and said "your honor, I meant, he's a good candidate for my advanced classes." and it wasn't even mentioned, I was ordered to continue to attend my therapy with my probation upgraded to a zero tolerance basis { if you don't go, you goto prison }, zero tolerance for new crimes, zero tolerance for any PVs. I stopped attending the other double session and stopped paying and decided I'd just rather be in prison instead of play the game. He retaliated by telling my PO I wasn't participating anymore in class and that I fidget and rock too much ( autistic habbit, it keeps me calmish when Im anxious) and Im a distraction to others so he wants to do 1 on 1 sessions from now on. Im terrified of doing 1 on 1 sessions so I finally reported it to my po. I finally reported it to the licensing board and my PO. I was a few months from graduating therapy when the requests were getting more and more ridiculous. There was enough evidence that they took me out of his group. HOWEVER, he won't lose his license until the end of the year when we have a court case where it will be me vs him and I'm terrified. Since I've been removed, he will drive by my work and park outside sometimes. I have called the police and they say he is allowed to park wherever he wants and it didn't seem like harassment to them that when I leave for lunch he yells my name to get my attention and I have to ignore him. He called me left a voicemail.. AFTER I HAVE BEEN REMOVED. and told me in this "come on now" tone. I'm the reason he's losing his whole life and how could I and he was just trying to help me and I need to tell them I'm crazy or I need to act stupid so he doesnt get in trouble and that he's my friend and he likes me. I gave this to my PO and the DA and the licensing board and the cops and told them I don't feel safe, each of them said that it didn't sound like any of the language was threatening and there isn't a specific no contact in place and my PO said that he isn't sure about how to proceed because this is new to everyone involved and nobody knows how to act. My PO frequently talks about how "unfortunate it would be to have to uproot 100 people because of 1 bad transaction." \[ I've read into this, basically, it means, I'm fucked? I have no advocate and I'll be thrown under some busses? \] He still has 100+ clients I was told the DA didn't have a place to place them "even if what I say is true 100%. " so they're deciding to not act on my report at this time. It is not a he said she said as there are several witnessess like my employer and the voice mails and text messages I had to offer them. Its open and shut. HOWEVER, I am being punished for making my report. They're making me REDO and start from the VERY beginning of treatment. I am not allowed to bring any of my progress from the other therapy as it is "compromised" and "probably not of my own merit.". I have already paid $5,250 ($350 a month for 16 months, thats so much money for me I have to choose between having a place to live or paying for treatment, because I have to pay for treatment, even though I have a job, I can only afford to stay at a shelter until I can get this 350 chunk out of my budget ) Now I'm in a group of day 1 fresh out of prison people and I am not benefiting from therapy at all. This new therapist makes us relive our offence in a circle EVERY SESSION. ( these sick dudes start salivating exchanging stories. ) The very beginning of SO therapy is cognitive behavior stuff that starts with breaking through your denials about your offence. It's patronizing and offensive to me I'm being treated like someone fresh out of prison when I'm made to do worksheets on denial and etc when I have a 300+ pages and 15 chapters of work about my accountability finished already. Its really fucking with my mental health. What I'm most upset about is now I am 16 months behind where I started and I'm even further from being able to leave the shelter when I was just a few months from being finished. I hate myself for him being right, I should have shut up and listened to him and let him do his thing. I thought other people were being extorted, I thought I was doing the right thing so I spoke up. I never should have. I hate myself and I want to die every single day. Is there no way I can be re-compensated for the 5k+ I spent so I can put it towards the new therapist? If youre curious heres my offence: Backstory: When I turned 18, my at the time girlfriend was 16. We lived together for 13 months. Everything was fine. She was even emancipated \[ really hard to do here \] . I don't even have genitals so we never had sex. \[ messed up circumcision. :( \] We kissed, cuddled, never had oral or sodomy or anything. But, her abusive parents ( she had a restraining order against them during this time even! ) called DHS and said I was abusing her sexually and I guess DHS is allowed to rule over emancipated minors even when their parents are using DHS to retaliate. I was pulled over by 6+ cop cars while driving down the highway. Like I was a fucking terrorist. I got arrained on the most terrible horrific awful things Ive ever heard. I didn't say a word to the police thankfully and just asked for a lawyer. DHS said if I admitted we had sex, that I'd get probation instead of going to prison for 20 years with rape, sodomy, endangering and kidnapping, trafficking on my record. I refused to admit to something that was LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE. My GF told the DA and the Judge and my lawyer the truth but the DA decided I should atleast get Sex Abuse because in her words " There is no way an adult man would live with a underage girl without an interest in her as a sex object." So my rap sheet literally said " sometime between 2014 and 2017 blah blah is alleged to have had some sort of sexual interaction with A." Its so vague. Its such BS. I wish I never let her live with me but I thought I was doing a decent thing. I waited for a year in jail, court appointed lawyer got me 5 years probation + standard package ( 6 mo polygraphs, this test where they wire this thing to your penis ( fucking hilarious when they realized I was telling the goddamn truth and dropped trow to show my big old nothing. actually not hilarious ) I pass every time, full disclosure sexual history poly - get this, I passed with zero sexual encounters. but kissing and hugging are "sexual contact" and I stupidly admitted we had kissed and hugged in the past. TLDR: Autistic kid extorted by his court appointed therapist. Can he get re-compensated for the 5k at the least or should he just give up and deal with it like everyone else says. NO PMS PLZ, Throw away account Ah, I did not know the court appointed attorney don't stay until after it's over. I was under the impression that you had access to them until your case was totally over. Definitely good to know, thank you. Sounds like OP is indigent if he is at a shelter and had a court appointed attorney. After you make your plea deal and get released, that attorney says later skater. If OP can't afford rent after 350/mo, he certainly can not afford the kind of council to even think about taking on a county. good luck OP What is your lawyer saying about all this?