 I cannot find anywhere that says that minors have a right to not be forced to take their clothes off or that minors have the right for guardians to not inspect their used underwear. However I feel that I was violated at a treatment center that my parent signed me over to . The treatment center was my legal guardian and they forced me to take my clothes off and they inspected my panties. They did not allow me to have my parent present did not allow me to call my parent and ask if this was okay and they did not allow me to call a police officer to explain what I can legally say no to. I want to know what make this legal if it is  There has been multiple posts about how that is blanket policy for admissions at every facility in the country. You don’t have to like it but it is standard.  My case was I hadn’t been at the place for more then 6 hours and they wanted me to take my clothes off I think a parent call was warranted  In my hospital, we have had issues with girls sneaking razors blades and other items in bra, underwear, socks, and even hair. The did not allow you to call your parents because with all the kids they have, it would quickly turn into calling the police/parents every time the kid was told to do something they didn't like. Telephone cords are suicide risks. Cellphones can be used to call drug dealers. I can not begin to tell you the countless number of times patients have called police to say they were being kidnapped, etc. Which isn’t accurate. Then police have to respond, taking time away from actual crimes in the community. Or patients have lied about calling parents and then call drug dealers who then show up and try and pass contraband and we end up with another shit show later. It also means that while the patient is making these phone calls staff members have to stay there, if the facility is under staffed it takes staff away from the rest of the patients and jeopardizes their safety by reducing the amount of eyes watching them. A lot of patients will use admit times or times another patient is being emotional to attempt suicide because staff is distracted. Not OP’s fault. Problems with the system. But also not staffs fault - policy to keep everyone safe at all times. When you enter a facility it is no longer just about you. It is about every patient and their emotions and safety simultaneously along with staff safety and facility and government policy.  I’m surprised I didn’t think of them ‘stalling’, but yeah it makes sense now, thanks. At the facility where I worked we once had a parent slip the underage patient drugs during visitation that happened inside the facility. It sucks that the good kids are treated the same as the bad ones but as a safety issue techs/nurses often can’t take that chance. I’m sorry you were uncomfortable and I can assure you that the person(s) conducting the searches would rather not do them too.  Calling parents and/or police before a patient will comply with a direction is a common stalling tactic, act of defiance, or way of changing topic. As a tech I heard “you can’t make me do X! Only my mom can make me do X!” About things as common as brushing teeth or making beds. Or “you can’t take my phone away! I’m going to call the police and tell them you’re stealing my phone! Is that illegal? That’s illegal!” When of course taking of a phone is standard check in procedure. If a tech or a nurse knows that the facility has ok’d and taught them the procedure they will do their best to explain but ultimately there are some things that will be time wasters or hold up flow of the unit when you need to have those techs/nurses free to keep the rest of the unit safe. Safety is the ultimate priority.  But why didn’t they let OP ring the police, to ask if it was legal, or ring her mam? heres a pretty well written article about inpaitent rights for future reference: http://slatestarcodex.com/2018/03/22/navigating-and-or-avoiding-the-inpatient-mental-health-system/ I agree with /u/dkimball50 on this one, your lawyer isn't going to find anything for this case when it's already 3yrs old. If you're still paying this lawyer, then he's very likely stringing you along for payments.  I work at a mental health facility and we have teens and kids. We must complete a safety search on every pt which includes the patient getting naked and being checked over by a member of the same sex, could be a nurse or a tech. We have to make sure the patient doesn’t have any contraband on them, or any medical issues that need addressed. It’s very quick and then we take your laundry and wash it before returning it. We give you scrubs to change into. If you refuse the search, you cannot leave the main day room of the unit and must be watched every time you go to the bathroom- so no privacy. Your parents have already signed the privacy rights which include this safety search by the time we are completing this step. I’m sorry you felt violated or like your rights were taken away but we have to do it on everyone for protection. We’ve had pts come from other facilities show up with phones on their person and other contraband so just because you came from another facility does not mean that you don’t require a search. PMs are prohibited here.  [removed] Your comment has been removed for the following reason(s): You are replying to your own post. Rather than reply to your own post, either reply to the comment you're replying to or edit your post to put the information there. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.YOUR COMMENT HAS BEEN REMOVED. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. [deleted] I’ve since contacted them and they have said that they had no other option even though they totally could have allowed me to call my parent to make sure it was safe  Seems highly unlikely that if there were multiple assaults taking place the facility would be up and running. I worked in several adolescent facilities and the kids would make fake accusations of assault daily to try and get back at staff for shit they didn’t like. I on the other hand got punched by patients twice. Once because the facility literally did not have chicken nuggets and I was offering to get them any food we did have and she just was pissed. Restraints are legal and not assaults and all staff are trained on how to do them safely.  They would do it every time you would re-enter the facility as a new contraband search as you could bring back in drugs/self-harm tools from outside the facility as they were not monitoring you. And they would need to look for new self-harm/injury as they would be again liable for any marks they did not note that you inflicted outside the facility if they were discovered after coming back.  [deleted] That would go against recipient rights. Which you CAN report. Im not sure about your state but call HR and see if you can get information about how to get ahold people at recipient rights. The workers making comments should be fired for that behavior. Whether you wanted to go or not, your parents had the legal authority to send you there and the facility broke no laws in the way they treated you. Your lawyer isn’t going to “find them on something” after 3 years. [removed] That's still just someone being trashy and an asshole, not anything illegal.  I think a part that made me feel even more disgusting and violated was when they would make comments about how gross our underwear was  [removed] Unfortunately I don't think as a minor you would get much say. If your parents felt you needed it, or a medical professional, you'd probably get stuck going. Even adults can get placed in a mental health facility against their wishes and I think it'd be hard to prove that anyone was placed in such a facility against their will and for no reason. When I was in the hospital,there was a woman, probably in her 40s who was brought in from the ER. She had been stressed out and going through a rough period, then I guess accidentally mixed up some of her regular prescriptions took things together that don't mix and was really messed up. I think it was her friends who were concerned she had been trying to hurt herself. It ended up genuinely being a misunderstanding, but she still had to stay 72 hours to be observed before she could sign herself back out. It sucks, but I don't think it crosses into being illegal unless you can absolutely prove that there was some conspiracy to confine you without reason.  While I understand how traumatic it can feel, it's standard procedure to limit the liability of the center and prevent you from bringing items in to hurt yourself or that others could hurt themselves with. If you leave their sight then they have to check again as though you're being admitted for the first time, because otherwise it's impossible for them to guarantee both your safety and the safety of the others in the facility because they cannot be certain you don't have anything dangerous or potentially dangerous. So typical IANAL but had been in treatment centers as a minor. If you are in their care and are in a center where they have to search you for potential things that you could harm yourself, your treatment,or others with (drugs, sharps, various contriaband) in order to be allowed in the center and if you are in their care you are signed away to have to submit to these searches on the grounds of accepting treatment. It’s a safety issue, it’s shitty and feels horrible but when you entered treatment documents were signed that basically gave consent. You may not have but your legal guardian did and that’s really all that counts, especially if you are considered not in your right mind or in some way incapable of taking care of yourself which if you are in a treatment center is more than likely.  I think the part that’s so questionable for me is I had no say in being there in the first place  Oh it was more then once they did it every time I was out with my parent once I got back and they did it sometimes after we went off campus with the treatment center if they felt that we could have gotten out of their eyesight  This is extremely embarrassing and upsetting,and I'm not a lawyer, but I don't think it crosses any lines into illegal territory. Especially if it was only done once upon admission. If you were being strip searched multiple times a day after being in a secure facility, then that could be a problem. I cried during mine when I signed myself into the hospital. One of the nurses was a regular at the place I worked at the time.   Ok. Skip down to the legal section. While patients have the right to consent or not. Staff also has a legal responsibility to other patients to maintain safety and can reasonably search possessions and body for safety reasons. Which every facility does upon admission. This is government standard. Which most facilities base their own standards off of.  I’ve been out for 3 years my lawyer is working his ass off trying to find them on something haha I lost a year of my life at that place when I was 15 [removed] [removed] [removed] Parents and court-appointed guardians can require that children in their care undress, and can inspect their kids, _up to a point_. What they can't do is abuse their kids. The analysis of which of the two a given act is depends on a lot of factors - if there's a good reason for the inspection, if it's done with a minimum of force, if it's done in privacy, and if it's otherwise done in what looks like good faith, it's likely fine, if potentially unwelcome, while if it's done forcefully, too often, without a good reason, or in what looks like _bad_ faith, it might be abusive. If you're in a treatment centre, the staff may have good reasons to search you for contraband, signs of self-harm, signs of abuse or assault, or other factors. Generally a personal search like that should be supervised, and they should be done as infrequently as possible ("never" is a good policy goal, even if it's not always realistic in practice). If you believe your centre is abusing their privilege as your guardian, you can report it up through your jurisdiction's child welfare services, or through the police if it's urgent or if you're in danger. You may also be able to make a complaint through your local ministry of child services or child welfare department, who oversee facilities like this. It is _perfectly okay_ to be uncomfortable being asked to strip for a search. It's dehumanizing and demeaning. I'm serious when I say that in an ideal world it would never happen, and I think you're right to ask "is this really necessary." Speaking as an adult I would be _extremely_ concerned about searches like this being done unsupervised, in a bathroom, rather than in a dedicated room with an observer or chaperone. Not every facility uses a nurse for check ins. It depends on the hospital/facility and their policies and training procedures. Hope that helps.  I guess to me it just seems odd that there was no nurse or allowing reassurance from a parent but what you’re saying makes sense I just wondered what the actual laws were on this thanks  That is a completely normal procedure at every treatment center I’ve ever worked at. Regardless of where you came from. They offered you a blanket and used two staff members to ensure no sexual harassment or assault could take place. I have no doubt the procedure is traumatizing and I’m sorry for that. Without it there are countless incidents of people bringing in drugs and self-harm tools like razors etc which puts not only the patient but all patients and staff at risk. Also the facility is liable for anything you could have brought in or for any injuries on your body they don’t document at admit. So I’m sorry but it is legal.  Anything literally there were people there for bad grades, trauma, eating disorders, suicide, cutting, low self esteem, sending nudes, drugs, depression, panic attacks, autism, and some more hardcore mental stuff like psychosis, people who just got in legal trouble, kids who smoked weed, anything if you could pay your kid could go here and they would take them  This was in a bathroom with the door cracked one inch  A treatment center for what? [removed] North Carolina. I was 15. They said it was just check in procedure but I’m sure the rationale was a contraband or self harm check even though I was coming directly from another treatment center and I had been transported had not been out of eyesight of another human being. There was no nurse it was 2 staff members they held up a blanket but they wouldn’t let me wrap myself I. It they made me stand a foot behind it I felt I had no privacy.  [removed] What state? Did they give a reason? Contraband search? Self-harm concerns? How many people were in the room? Did they give you reasonable options for privacy? What staff member performed the search? Nurse?