 I just found out that my brother-in-law, sister-in-law and their two children receive state medical cards. They are hiding income and thus reporting a fraction of what they actually make. I find this extremely maddening and I am disgusted by it. It's rare if I see my SIL in clothes she's worn more than once, meanwhile her children are wearing hand me downs. She has a new hobby every day. What can I do? Can she find out if I report? What are the legal ramifications for them if I report? [removed] I understand you think your SIL is bad with money but if you report this the kids could lose their medical insurance. Do they have money to pay for it through an exchange if that's the case? It's possible they will figure out it was you who reported by process of elimination.  That must've been it, thanks. Sanity restored. Its because the title says welfare fraud. You're not going crazy. Here's a link to report medicaid fraud in IL. The possible consequences can vary. If they are able to convince the state they acted unintentionally they will probably just have their benefits closed and have to pay the state back for the care provided. If the state believes they can prove they acted intentionally they could face jail time, severe fines, or be locked out of receiving benefits for a period of time. what i was referring to before was welfare fraud no the IRS The [IRS website]() specifically says it is looking for: Specific and credible. This person might not be paying their taxes isn't specific and or credible also there are other qualifications. Pointing a finger and saying TAX FRAUD isn't going to net you anything unless it is specific and credible.  't just say well I think this person over here isn't being honest about their money and get something. Not in my experience. You need sufficient evidence to start the IRS investigation, but that can be as simple as knowing where they are working and not paying taxes. There was a big to-do over this when people started reporting "Snapchat Premium" camgirls, and very little information was needed. You do, however, need to provide your information (including SSN), so this cannot be done anonymously. I see below that you have attempted this before. The IRS doesn't have infinite resources and doesn't follow up on all claims, unfortunately. Yeah i know a couple that commit welfare fraud tried turning them in 4-5 times and nothing happened. It would have been super easy to bust them too. They were married and she was filing under her maiden name that she never changed and he was filing under his name. They had a combined income that would disqualify them but individually they qualified. Thanks for clarifying. I wasn't sure how that worked I just knew it was an option. People who scam the tax system grind my gears when so many of us are out here working hard and paying in our fair share. I know the welfare fraud systems don't require much more than what you've heard to investigate though. You need to have solid proof to get a reward you can't just say well I think this person over here isn't being honest about their money and get something. Solid proof would be something like bank statements and tax forms that don't add up to the right amounts. I think if you get them admitting to it on a recording that might help but i doubt you get a reward. Depending on the income you can also report them to the IRS. I think you get a reward if they collect legally required back taxes. ~~You can report it here:~~ [~~]() ~~The legal ramifications may include them having to pay back some amount of money.~~ For some reason I read "welfare fraud" instead of "medical fraud." Might want to contact the office of the Attorney General, and/or Department of Public Health -- while those may not be the agencies that you can make a report to, they should be able to direct you to the proper place. []()