 I’m only 24 years old. I have been a nurse for the past 4 years for the commonwealth and have never had any problems and get along well with my fellow employees and enjoy my job. I have fainted for the past couple years and have gotten an FMLA since I was 20. My employer has had no issues with this and is very accommodating and will call an ambulance whenever I am found passed out/fainting. My doctor thought it was just because of my low blood pressure. I’m seeking a new primary doctor as I see he is not taking me seriously. Anyways, yesterday my patient had an episode where they needed CPR, I began CPR and fainted, this has never happened before during my CPR training courses or when I have been administering CPR to other patients. A CNA called another nurse closeby and they finished CPR on the patient who awoke and is stable, thank god. I myself woke up in the ambulance and later in the ER I found out I have wolff parkinson white syndrome. My work is concerned that this is now affecting my performance as a nurse and thinks I need to consider my position as a nurse here but they cannot get rid of me for medical issues, but they can offer me a secretary position but it won’t pay the same and I won’t have the same benefits and retirement package. I was going to be able to retire essentially when I was 50 (my house would be paid off and I would take an early retirement package they offer to a certain group that works directly with patients in a certain sector) I feel very selfish but I know it is unsafe for me to continue putting peoples life’s at risk for my own benefit but at the same time why can’t I have the secretary position while keeping my benefits? I have a union but they don’t really help me because I am only an LPN and my union sucks because they work mostly for the CNA’s in my facility. I cannot help my medical condition. What should I do? It’s very difficult to find a job as an LPN and this job pays wonderful, has great health benefits (that I now NEED) I have a mortgage and car payment and medical bills, and I can’t live with my parents or anyone else, just throwing that out there. TLDR: 24 years old, I was giving CPR to a patient, I passed out because I have wolff parkinson white syndrome. My work told me the can’t let me go because of medical discrimination but they can offer me a new position like a secretary but it won’t have the same retirement package or pay. I have a mortgage/car payment and medical bills, I need this job. Why can’t I have this new position with the same pay/benefits? I can’t help my condition. My union sucks because I’m an LPN and then work mostly for the CNA’s. Can’t live with parents/other family. This job is the highest paying job in the state and has amazing health benefits and retirement package. What should I do?  You may need to provide paperwork from a cardiologist showing that you’re being treated for and have the WPW under control to the best of your ability (ablation, beta blockers, Holter study, etc). If your employment finds you in a situation where you are the highest level of care, they’re likely entitled to put you on medical leave while ensuring that your symptoms are managed. The good news is that WPW is relatively simple to control; people with much more severe illnesses than that maintain their nursing license every day and it’s mere existence should not be a barrier to you. If you have WPW syndrome and ablation might be possible. Talk to your cardiologist. At a minimum request a loop recorder to monitor what is going on, especially if you decide on meds over an ablation. 