 I went to Iceland for vacation a few months ago and hooked up with a guy. If you didn’t guess by the title, I’m pregnant. With an uncle and then a grandfather passing within two months of each other during the time I learned I was pregnant. I’ve decided to keep the child because of the loss my family as suffered and also because I don’t think I could mentally handle an abortion. My family is super supportive and all my friends are excited, while being extremely helpful. The father knows and we were in constant talk, but 8 times out of 10 we just didn’t mesh. I know he’s bothered by the fact I’m dating someone. I was already dating the guy I’m seeing for about 2 months when I learned I was pregnant. I’ve been a smoker for 14 years (28 now) and have quit now, but the first month of trying to quit was hard. I mentioned how hard it was to the father and he proceeded to call me “white-trash”, “a fucking idiot”, and asked if I was a junkie as well. We’re not talking atm because I had a scare which resulted in me going to the hospital (baby and I are okay.). When I mentioned this to him he was very disinterested. I understand that we do have cultural differences, he is colder towards emotion and I’m a warm southern girl. I have a lawyer who said to call them back when I’m 7 months to make an agreement between the two countries. I’m just wondering what I should look into or what questions to ask for child support and other options. I’ve never been pregnant before or had to deal with a legal situation.  That’s solid! Thank you! Keep all communication with him through text/email so when he does verbally abuse you, you have proof  Thank you! Thank you! I’m in the United States just to clarify. It’s highly unlikely he could get full custody, unless you abuse your baby, have a serious drug problem, etc. You are probably looking at getting primary custody with him getting a few visits per year, including eventually a very long summer visitation. Considering that he lives so far away and you don’t have a great relationship with him, I would ask the lawyer to put something in there about updates sent to the parent who does not have the child. For example, if your school age child spends the entire summer in Europe, you might ask for 2-3 phone calls/FaceTime sessions per week. But if you ask for that it would need to cut both ways—meaning, during the year when the kid is mostly with you, you’d need to be available for dad to call his kid 2-3 times a week. You might also ask your lawyer what age is typical to start those long summer visits. In my state it’s not usually until 3. But your state may be different, or you might jointly agree on a different arrangement (like that the father would come stay in the US for a few weeks-month to bond with the baby after it’s born, and care for him/her during the day while you can still see baby every day/have baby at night.) Your geographic situation isn't clear to me, but in general, unless you are sure you want to raise the child in the father's country, you would be best off having the baby in your home country. Once you and the child are living in the father's country it can be much harder to leave. If you have the baby at home, subject to your home nation's laws, you are much more protected.  I was kinda just chatting, didn’t really apply to anything but just background. Thank you for the help. You have a lawyer. The lawyer will help you with the child support. It may be made more complex by the fact he is in another country, but if you retained a lawyer who handles complex support and custody cases and is familiar with international issues, it should be fine. Child support is based on a specific calculation that relates to how much to time the child spends with each person and the income of each person. I am not sure what the rest has to do with anything. This man has no right to control your life. If he continues to be obnoxious tell him to cut it out or you simply will not be talking to him until he learns to control himself. It would be better for the child if you can create an agreeable relationship, but if you can’t you can’t. 