 Hello so let me start by saying this guy is complete trash. I've always hated him because he doesn't work and lives off of food stamps, nothing wrong with government help when needed but he has 2 kids and him and his girl sell their food stamps? They moved in to his mom's home (our original neighbor) and basically lives off of her and other 2 girls that help her out who aren't even related to them. The mom is basically dying, she's very sick so this is another reason we hate him, he chooses to let his dying mom work instead of finding a quick job to help her. Anyways, his step daughter who is in 3rd grade is my little sister's closest friend, my sister is in kindergarten. They play outside everyday, the little girl comes over all the time, and my sister goes to their house as well. There have been times when they didn't have a car and they would wait outside in the mornings for a ride to school, or they would pick my sister up or vise versa. So yesterday when my mom went to pick my sister up the little girl was already with my sister in the kindergarten area? and my mom was confused, the little girl told my mom "my mom said if you could take me" and my moms was annoyed because she had a lot of things to do and wasn't planning on going back home. She waited about 5 minutes hoping they'd show up so she just picked her up and dropped her off because she didn't want to bring her along. My brother calls me later and tells me that the window got smashed with a beer bottle, and my mom gets a text saying "hey i didn't ask you to pick up G\_\_\_, we were looking everywhere for her and even called her on the speaker at school, and you didn't answer my calls. now S\_\_\_ is going to have problems. and for being a bitch and now answering my calls." he is talking about my step dad when. So i get home and start taking pictures and we already call the cops and we kind of knew it was him. When i'm outside taking photos he comes out and yells "yea i did it im now waiting for S\_\_\_" and i reply "ok well you're also waiting for the cops because they're on their way." and he starts saying shit again and i walk inside. When the cops get here they are making it seem like it's a neighborly fight? but we didn't break any window, we didn't threat anyone, and we have always helped THEM out? so they talk to him and he admits he did it and he'll pay and he tells them her was "mad and worried" for his daughter when we all know he doesn't care for her.. they abuse her, they do drugs in front of her and their new born? but suddenly he's fronting.. ok.. So the police keep being playing dumb and don't want to do a report and when they leave my brothers and step dad go outside and start arguing and of course we all want to beat his ass because he's having the time of his life talking shit, we live in an apartment complex so he's upstairs and we are downstairs in front of them. So we have to hold back people because we don't want a fight but man this guy is TRASH. so the police come back to explain the report issue and it was a little after the whole "i'm gonna beat your ass" and i tell them "look, yes he has to pay for it. but this is also a safety issue. someone could have been sitting in that stop he was in. he broke it with a beer bottle! we are scared!" and he then gets serious (after making all of this a joke) and he says "yea then it's different" but he explains he'd have to give us both citations and we'd have to take it to court.. we are unsure if we should even go through all that trouble for this dumbass. What are your thoughts? sorry for the bad spelling and writing i'm still annoyed they would do this shit.  Are you in the US? Most schools require at minimum a phone call allowing them to release the kid. Many also have authorized pick up lists and other ways of being sure that the right kid goes home with the right person. Also, referring to someone else as "trash" isn't going to get you any sympathy. If anything it makes you look judgemental.  [deleted] The school should not have let your mother take his daughter home without permission from a parent. Find out if this permission was given. Who is S? And who is G? Don't let your sister go over there. Stop giving them rides. Call the police every time they threaten you. REFORMATTED FROM WALL OF TEXT MODE Hello so let me start by saying this guy is complete trash. I've always hated him because he doesn't work and lives off of food stamps, nothing wrong with government help when needed but he has 2 kids and him and his girl sell their food stamps? They moved in to his mom's home (our original neighbor) and basically lives off of her and other 2 girls that help her out who aren't even related to them. The mom is basically dying, she's very sick so this is another reason we hate him, he chooses to let his dying mom work instead of finding a quick job to help her. Anyways, his step daughter who is in 3rd grade is my little sister's closest friend, my sister is in kindergarten. They play outside everyday, the little girl comes over all the time, and my sister goes to their house as well. There have been times when they didn't have a car and they would wait outside in the mornings for a ride to school, or they would pick my sister up or vise versa. So yesterday when my mom went to pick my sister up the little girl was already with my sister in the kindergarten area? and my mom was confused, the little girl told my mom "my mom said if you could take me" and my moms was annoyed because she had a lot of things to do and wasn't planning on going back home. She waited about 5 minutes hoping they'd show up so she just picked her up and dropped her off because she didn't want to bring her along. My brother calls me later and tells me that the window got smashed with a beer bottle, and my mom gets a text saying "hey i didn't ask you to pick up G___, we were looking everywhere for her and even called her on the speaker at school, and you didn't answer my calls. now S___ is going to have problems. and for being a bitch and now answering my calls." he is talking about my step dad when. So i get home and start taking pictures and we already call the cops and we kind of knew it was him. When i'm outside taking photos he comes out and yells "yea i did it im now waiting for S___" and i reply "ok well you're also waiting for the cops because they're on their way." and he starts saying shit again and i walk inside. When the cops get here they are making it seem like it's a neighborly fight? but we didn't break any window, we didn't threat anyone, and we have always helped THEM out? so they talk to him and he admits he did it and he'll pay and he tells them her was "mad and worried" for his daughter when we all know he doesn't care for her.. they abuse her, they do drugs in front of her and their new born? but suddenly he's fronting.. ok.. So the police keep being playing dumb and don't want to do a report and when they leave my brothers and step dad go outside and start arguing and of course we all want to beat his ass because he's having the time of his life talking shit, we live in an apartment complex so he's upstairs and we are downstairs in front of them. So we have to hold back people because we don't want a fight but man this guy is TRASH. so the police come back to explain the report issue and it was a little after the whole "i'm gonna beat your ass" and i tell them "look, yes he has to pay for it. but this is also a safety issue. someone could have been sitting in that stop he was in. he broke it with a beer bottle! we are scared!" and he then gets serious (after making all of this a joke) and he says "yea then it's different" but he explains he'd have to give us both citations and we'd have to take it to court.. we are unsure if we should even go through all that trouble for this dumbass. What are your thoughts? sorry for the bad spelling and writing i'm still annoyed they would do this shit. Read half way and couldn't finish. You should format this better.  [removed]