 I’m in a long distance relationship and I’m from Australia and he is in South Africa.. I’m deaf and I have free hearing implants and cheaper discounts on medical stuff and idk if SA supports that. if this helps I have a skin condition called keratitis, icthyosis, deafness syndrome. I am unable to work and I live off of disability pensions and other ones from Centrelink. I want to know how to move out and do this right so there’s no problems I understand you like this guy, but please consider your quality of life first. SA isn't just another Australia. Private medical care here is great, but again it costs a lot and you mention that you are unable to work. Public health care here, while cheap, is not what I would call viable. Hi I'm actually South African, but not a lawyer. I don't think it's a good idea to immigrate here. Marrying a South African does not automatically give you a pass and you will still need a visa to stay in the country, as some family friends have recently found out. There are a lot of legal hoops you will need to jump through to gain citizenship and not being able to work make your chances zero. Our unemployment rate is 27%. Of the working population, 3% pay 80% of the country's income tax. You will not be payed for unemployment, not with an amount that is slightly reasonable to be able to look after yourself. We do have public Healthcare, but it is not advisable to use and the wait times and hygiene are horrific. All in all, I would advise you to stay living in Australia and rather visit here first before deciding to immigrate.  Have you ever met this person in real life? That’s welfare payments. I am not a wealthy investor myself but get a small income from a couple rental properties. I can’t work due to chronic pain. I have too many assets to qualify for Centrelink and I can assure you there is no way I would be able to immigrate to a foreign country let alone support myself there. Just health care that we get here is worth a lot even if we are not sick. Covering that without subsidy would be prohibitive. Ok. I'm not Australian, it's not a term that's well known in North America. Currently on Centrelink = not a wealthy investor. Are you planning on getting married? Are you a wealthy investor? If the answer to both of those questions is "No" then there is virtually no way that a non working Australian can immigrate to South Africa. It's extremely unlikely that you will be publicly supported as an immigrant in South Africa. The median income in South Africa is about $500 Australian dollars per year. The maximum disability grant is $170 Australian dollars/month. It's really unreasonable for someone who lives on public support in a wealthy country to expect to move to a poor country and be publicly supported by the poor taxpayers who live there.  Not a legal advice but please for dear God, reflect on yourself before doing such a move. Long distance relationships often break down instantly because of the troubles that can only be seen in face value. Please think a million times before doing this. I know it's hard, but being dependent on yourself alone, even in relationships, is the best approach to life. It may also not be smart to be 100% reliant on your significant other especially when moving to a brand new country, regardless of how much you trust him. That presents a very large power dynamic issue which is not good for relationships, even otherwise healthy ones. []() You will have to have a frank consultation (possibly remotely or via email) with a S African immigration attorney to find out if that is even possible. Many countries do not allow immigrants to be eligible for benefits until they have been/worked in the country for a certain period of time. Your SO may have to be your sole supporter for a time, and they may not be able to do so if you do not qualify for medical benefits. It may be that your only option is to stay in the country where you are eligible for benefits and your SO needs to plan to move for you.  You want a country where you are not a citizen and have never worked or paid into insurance to take care of you?