 Our shop is located in Michigan. Machine shop is located in Oregon. I posted about this awhile back, but the advice I received lead to dead ends and I am not sure what to do anymore. :( --------------------------------------------- Background: We're a small family hobby business (basically, it’s only my mother and myself, her daughter). We've been looking to expand, so about 5 months ago we contacted a specialized shop in Oregon (run by one individual) to order a $4800 machine from them. This was a HUGE order for us. :( Everything seemed super legit --- he gave us multiple references and numbers for companies they'd worked with that we checked out, had a website with videos/photos, great google/yelp reviews, we spoke frequently with him on the phone etc. We placed an order and he requested payment by personal or cashier's check. I was a little uncomfortable with that but I figured his reviews and references were great, let's do it! Our machine was supposed to be shipped out within 1 week. That didn’t happen. Suddenly the owner become incredibly difficult to get in touch with. Our expected shipping date came and went. New shipping dates (15 separate times) were cancelled with multiple excuses, months have passed. Eventually he sent us ‘parts’ to our machine, that turned out to be junk and/or damaged in shipping. We've spoken to other current customers of his, and while they also had delays and difficulty with communication lately, they were all able to get their products eventually and were satisfied. He has since told us he would refund our order completely, but now it’s been three weeks of him having ‘bank issues’ and ‘waiting for the check to clear’, or complete radio silence. Last time I posted I was told to hire a local Oregon attorney. I reached out to several in his area (at least 6 different firms) and they didn’t seem interested in taking our case at all. Every time we were told their legal fees would be much higher than what he owes us and they didn’t seem optimistic we’d be able to recover anything. One woman offered to draft us a demand letter for $400 but told us it would 'likely be pointless' if he's frequently unresponsive. --------------------------------------------- I am really not sure what to do at this point. Keep trying to find an attorney to work with? Or are we just screwed? Are there any other options? Thanks for any and all advice! The requirements will vary by jurisdiction but you should be able to. If in doubt, find a phone number and call and ask. Thank you! Yes I think at this point we'll hire her to do that --- and we would definitely file small claims if that was a possibility, but do we need to be a resident of the state or Oregon to do so?  From my understanding, and I'm not a lawyer, in order to file a small claim against a business you have to file it in the jurisdiction that the company does business in. But I could be wrong.  Any legal action would have to start with a demand letter anyway, so that is a solid place to start. If you don't want to pay for one you can do some research and make one yourself. Depends on your level of comfort with that sort of writing. My general advice is to keep them short and concise, outline the situation as it is and what you are asking for, and provide a deadline. You can also look into the procedures for filing in small claims court in his jurisdiction, but it would likely require some travel on your part. This is generally an expensive and does not require an attorney, and perhaps you could include the cost of filing the suit and your travel in the suit itself. Can we do that? I looked into it before, but I thought we couldn't unless we were legal residents of Oregon? I would definitely do that if it's an option! I'd say file a small claim again the company in Oregon. Yes, you'll have to travel to Oregon, but you'll get your money back presumably. 