 California My friend's ex-boyfriend got into all of her accounts (same password smh) changed the passwords and has been harassing her. Posting nudes to FB, emailing lude things to friends, transferring $$ from her Bank account to a PayPal, opening loans in her name, tracking her via her iCloud account or possibly a keylogger, threatening, etc. He's also been spoof calling and texting her and all of her friends. And get this, last 4 months he has been helping her find the 'person responsible'. He 'paid a hacker' to get into her seized accounts which yielded us some info, but obv it was all planted bullshit. Ex BF works behind a proxy and is experienced with darkweb business. My friend has been to the police (they have no idea what to do), the FBI (blown off), the FCC (silence), and contacted private investigators (nothin). She has gotten a new phone, changed her # 4x, closed all of her accounts, put a freeze on her credit, and still he is finding her and harassing her. Harassment and opening loans/accounts has now extended to her family. My question is -- with a person who seems to know what he's doing behind a computer, where would we find proof that he is behind this? Maybe we're missing something useful. What is the likelihood of actually prosecuting him? Thanks for any help. ​Please lmk if I should post this elsewhere. I posted to r/hacking but it was removed. Edit: And real quick, are there well-known hackers on the dark web? Like, if you saw a username associated with some hacking would you think, "Oh yeah that guy is super good"? ... it sounds ridiculous, but I just don't know anymore.  Such a giant bummer, but thank you for your comment. What a crazy world that doxxing, stalking, threats of physical violence, and identity theft can go unpunished.  We have done that. They have not helped. Edit: I'm asking what sort of evidence or trail may be left behind to link the harasser to the EX. What sort of evidence would be required to prosecute or definitively link him to this. Police reports have been filed and she has a restraining order on him. The police just seem stumped. One police officer told us this isn't stalking because the stalker isn't physically in the same vicinity and that harassment isn't illegal. They have not been helpful. I was asking about the username because the EX 'hacked' into the seized email account and found an email saying, "Jump ship, they're onto us. I still expect my payment. From, smartmoneyshop"... EX then said that 'smartmoneyshop' is a really good hacker and don't mess with him. It just seemed really stupid. Not quite understanding what you're asking, other than how to find someone by their internet activity/online pseudonym? Tracking someone like this down would require the police, so your friend should file a report with her local police. As for this ex-boyfriends online pseudonym, tracking someone by something so easily faked or changed would be impossible. But overall, your friend should start with the police and let them do their jobs.