 My husband has a conditional job offer from a federal agency, contingent on him qualifying for Top Secret security clearance. I don’t really do drugs, but we will be in Michigan for Christmas and I thought it might be fun to try legal pot. I know he can’t smoke any, but if I tried it, could he get in trouble/lose his CJO? He’s already submitted his forms but hasn’t taken a polygraph yet, if that matters. TIA About their drug usage? I was asked about my significant other and a brief history regarding drug usage.  Have you taken a full scope? They aren’t asking about family other than their citizenship status.  No he can’t. The security investigators do not give a shit about spouses unless they are not US citizens. They wont even ask about your drug use. He is the one getting the clearance, not you. Just smoke away from him and maybe don’t even mention it? Even in a full scope poly they aren’t going to ask him about your drug use.  Need I remind you that you posted a medical question on a legaladvice forum and now you're pulling the card that you're in the medical field. You cant be very bright if you work in the medical field and had to submit a whole post wondering how cannabis works. Practice what you preach, google your facts before you come into a forum and start spewing inaccurate information. You claim you can OD on weed but are confused by the potency of edibles alone. Case closed, turning off inbox replies. And this is how I learn I have a problem. I just ate 450 mg (legitimate product, not homemade) the other day at lunch before I went about the rest of my day.  This soooo dumb. Just be cool about it. Don't shotgun it to him or blow it in his ears. And you're both spooks. That's simply not true. My wife smokes and I dont and I have failed a marijuana drug test.  Yeah, my dad is a pot head and my mom has never had a positive result on drug tests ever. Edibles are a bad idea for first timers. THC needs to be heat activated in order to have an effect when ingested. In other words, you can’t eat raw cannabis and get high. When the THC is heat activated and ingested the potency increases by a lot, and it takes time to get into your bloodstream. What typically happens is people take a small dose, don’t feel anything, take more, and are suddenly way higher than they intended to be. It’s not physically harmful in the sense of a typical overdose, but it can be a nightmare, especially for people who aren’t used to it. With smoking the effect is more or less instant, so you can better gauge what dose feels good, and when it starts to become uncomfortable, you can just put the joint out.  It is highly doubtful that your husband would be affected in any way whatsoever by secondhand smoke as long as he and you are not in an enclosed area such as a room or car. Also, he is getting the job, not you. I think that pretty much answers it. It would take a lot of second hand smoke to show up on a drug test. As long as your not in a small and sealed environment, such as a car with the windows up, he should be fine. Might not be a bad idea to blow it out the hotel room window though. Also be aware that you can get a public consumption ticket if your outside and not on private property that allows it.  I'm mildly concerned that you're in a medical field and don't understand you can't OD on cannabis. Actually thats more than mildly concerning.  However you do not know if they will only do an urine test. They might go for a hair test therefore there's a higher chance of a positive result. This is because THC in your urine disappears quite quickly. It stays in your hair forever. [deleted] If he still has to take the polygraph they may ask him if he knows anyone who does drugs or has recently been around drugs etc. Can you just wait until he gets the job? It's absolutely possible to get high as fuck if someone is smoking in a small semi-enclosed space. Learned that one the hard way. On top of the other advice about distance and secondhand smoke, it's possible he will be interviewed /polygraphed about family and past/current drug usage. The fact his wife smokes marijuana (legal statewise, illegal federally) may prevent or hurt his chances of being hired.  [removed] You definitely can smoke too much that it has bad effects on you.  u/-Vexor- anytime man. That’s what I am here for. u/myturnforthisemail Ok so I am a background investigator, feel free to check my post history. While the process is invasive, we do not go back to grade school. That’s just dumb. Realistically I can see a couple issues coming up. Let’s dismiss the legal marijuana stance. It is illegal on a federal level which is all that matters for the purposes of an investigation. So your spouse would be questioned on knowing supporting someone who does illegal drugs. There will be a lot of questions for him to answer then he will have to provide friends who know about the illegal use to be interviewed as well. It will delay his investigation a couple weeks in the investigative process as well as the adjudication. More importantly it will cause question to him supporting someone who knowingly and actively (doesn’t matter if it was just once since it is current) participated in illegal drug use. Each case is different and to be honest I can’t see this as being a sole reason to deny a clearance but it could negatively impact his current or prospective job.  If it's a lifestyle polygraph test and he doesn't partake, he should be fine. They won't ask if you smoke pot. They're focused on him. And his possible contacts overseas, if he has any. [removed] Yes, so an excessive and dangerous dose. Thank you for re-iterating what I said but adding your own commentary to it. As I said before, if you think you can OD on cannabis, you're probably better off not altering your own mental state anymore, as you're clearly off your rocker a bit.  [deleted] Yes [removed] [deleted] Were you in aviation-related job? Yes, I know OP was talking about her own pot smoking, not her husband's. Once husband has job and clearance, OP is probably free to do what she wants without risking repercussions that he was to bear. Overdose: 1. an excessive and dangerous dose of a drug. If you think you can OD on weed, you probably shouldn't be experimenting with it, recreational or not. Sorry but this is bad advice. I had a full-fledged panic attack (elevated heart rate, racing thoughts, intense fear and paranoia, uncontrollable tremors, severe nausea) from an edible obtained from a MMJ dispensary. I followed the dosing instructions and everything, and already had a tolerance to THC. Pretty much every person I know, "enthusiasts" included, have had a bad experience with edibles at some point. I have seen people who smoke daily and regularly use concentrates vomit after taking edibles. If you haven't had a bad experience, consider yourself lucky and consider that you might be in the minority. No, you can not OD on MJ the way you can OD on alcohol or other drugs of abuse, but you can absolutely have enough to have a severely uncomfortable experience. Part of the issue is that the effects of edibles rely on personal metabolism. Conventional wisdom says "wait an hour and see how you feel" but I have personally taken edibles and not felt any effects for more than 90 minutes, and did not reach peak effects until 120min. Anecdotally, the longer it took for effects to appear, the more intense those effects ended up being. I know people who have not felt the effects for several hours, went to sleep and woke up incredibly high and disoriented. Everyone's metabolism is different, and it is impossible to control for every factor when recommending dosages. Even lab testing is not infallible. OP, my advice to you is to get a small amount of lab-tested cannabis with a high CBD to THC ratio (like 5:1 or 10:1, something like 1-2% THC and 10-20% CBD) take a small amount and see how you feel. Most people I know who do not regularly smoke or who have had anxiety in the past prefer low THC high CBD, myself included. Don't treat it like a cigarette and try to smoke the whole thing, take a small amount, wait 10 minutes, repeat as needed. Don't smoke in an enclosed space with your husband and, from what others have been saying, there should not be a risk of him losing his job. However, if you are in the medical field and might be drug tested, know that (as a non-regular user) it might show up on a drug test for about 5 days, perhaps more if you have a higher BMI, but it's very unlikely to show up more than 7-10 days from ingestion if you want to play it safe. Merry Xmas  According to many scientists (don't know where the link is) testing positive for second hand inhalation or being around marijuana smoke is not possible. Just because they ask about something doesn’t mean they deny your clearance for saying yes Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [deleted] What it comes down to is that your husband absolutely should not lie about it if asked.  During my clearance process / polygraph I was asked about being around others who did illegal drugs. Perhaps it was different because mine was compartmental the questions were different. Lol, virtually no chance of second had smoke showing up on a drug test short of hotboxing. The chances of second hand smoke cause a positive drug test are virtually 0 unless you're hotboxing with him. Yes, he can have his security clearance revoked for you smoking. Clearances are about divulging intimate details to the government so that you can't be black mailed into giving classified information to a bad actor. A bad actor could discover you smoking and threaten your husband by telling his company and him getting fired if he didn't give them certain information. He should absolutely tell them about it as part of the background investigation -- lying about it would be a felony and making him inelible to ever hold a clearence.  You can overdose on marijuana; just not to the point of death, unless you're using something else in conjunction with it. You can absolutely be hospitalized, develop psychosis, etc. and the psychosis can lead to death (ex. the man in Denver who jumped several stories to his death). There's also a case in Australia where some quack injected two women with cannabis oil and they were hospitalized and stoned for days. I actually support using edibles/potables/oils as opposed to exposing others to THC by smoking or vaping. And of course an overdose can occur via any consumption method. But spreading misinformation helps nobody, so please don't repeat this idea that consuming too much marijuana would be harmless. If you're a marijuana enthusiast, you should be helping to make sure that nobody is harmed by marijuana use, and the best way to do that is by making sure everyone is properly informed. I had a roommate in law school who failed one of these polygraphs. I love me some legal weed, but do not fuck around. The folks who administer these tests are neither lenient nor sympathetic.  -laws without getting my husband in trouble. The answer to that question is "yes, if he's not around". If he is around, make sure (1) you guys are outdoors, and (2) he's up-wind and/or away from the smoke. It sounds like you've made up your mind regarding weed-vs-booze, so that's fine. But with respect to the edibles, you can be pretty certain not to overdose if you follow everybody's advice about dosage and timing. Eat half of what you think you should eat, wait 60 minutes, and then evaluate your state of mind.  5 mg for the first time! That's a terrible idea haha. I am a pretty regular smoker and the last time I had a mint with 5 mg I was almost non-functional for manyyy hours - if that was my first time I would never again.  Even if he gets a little secondhand smoke he’s fine. From my understanding the UA will only show positive if his THC levels exceed a certain amount. I wouldn’t hotbox a room with him inside, but being near shouldn’t do anything. [deleted] [deleted]  't something we do. Had my investigation in 2007. It absolutely was something they did. I know because my 4th grade teacher specifically told me they went to him to ask about me. As far as the second comment, again, yes it is. The investigator made it clear they they would during my interview. I thought this was unusual as well so I confirmed with some of my peers and they all pretty much confirmed that they went through similar proceedings. Checked with some of my family members and they confirmed they went through it as well when they went forward with their clearances. Based on a sample size of ~30 or so people, it seems it was the norm to dig into immediate relatives and juvenile history at the time I got mine. If it's this questionable then I'd consider not doing it. Is it worth it to potentially jeopardize your husband's job offer? I think you'd probably be fine but if you're having to go to these lengths then I wouldn't do it. The security clearance adjudication process is not to punish you for bad things you've done in the past but to determine if you are 1) trustworthy and 2) have anything that can be used for blackmail. You can admit to doing (some) drugs in the past but what's disqualifiing is to not tell if you have done it because now if a foreign power finds out that the US gov't doesn't know they can threaten to expose you and make you lose your clearance. However if the US gov't already knows you can tell them to get bent. All in all if you have to go through great lengths to justify it I wouldn't do it because I don't want to risk anything for my spouse. That's just my personal opinion. Like I said I think you'd be okay but why risk it? Just wait till after he gets adjudicated then try it.  [deleted] [deleted] That may still be a crime then, for them and possibly for you. Better to wait until next year when his security clearance is done and you can get it legally yourself.  Some people actually get quite ill, and some people have a dangerous drop in blood pressure. It's not like OD'ing on heroine, but please stop telling people that there's zero danger in taking too much. For some people that's simply not true.  You can see if tinctures or edibles are available, since there's zero chance of secondhand smoke in that scenario. Do your research ahead of time however - it takes a long time for edibles to kick in (45 min - 2 hours) and many people eat too much then have a really intense high and sometimes end up at the hospital. Tinctures will likely taste gross but kick in much faster, so you can still adjust the dosage.  TS investigations often involve a home visit, and will involve personally interviewing your neighbors. They will ask them about his "social" life, including alcohol and drug use.  I won't comment on security clearance investigations, but I would highly advise maintaining a clear distance from him whenever you do this, and informing him beforehand that you're going to. Or try eddibles, and if you do, clearly label them and inform him what they are. He can and will be disqualified if he has any in his system.  [deleted] It's pretty tough to accurately figure out a dose you smoke, but edibles have it right there on the package. i.e. one gummy candy / cookie / chocolate square = 5mg, which is enough to get you giggly but not floating on clouds. No one has ever OD'd on cannabis; it's incredibly safe and the worst that can happen to you physically is that you fall asleep. If you have significant anxiety about trying cannabis, it's okay to be kind to yourself and wait for a time you feel comfortable. It's a fun and easy going substance but not worth the hype imo if it's causing you stress. [deleted] You can try edibles and then you won't have to worry about affecting him at all.  This is correct and here's the kicker A TS Clearance is going to be an EXTREMELY invasive background check into your husband and his immediate peers and family. That includes you, his parents, etc... When I received mine, the actual investigation took over 1 year to complete and they went back to my 4th and 5th grade teachers to ask about me. I was 21 at the time so that's 10 years worth of background information that they scrubbed through. They will hold anything that could potentially be held against your husband against him. That includes your past and history or parents etc... Bad credit scores, drug use, anything that could be used to persuade him to release information. Depending on the job, yes. In my case I was tested on average 1-2 times a month for almost 30 years.  Nice! Enjoy! [deleted] He might be fine (or not) if he were already a fed employee with a clearance. But urinalysis is probably done before the background check and if hubby flunks, feds may not want to waste further time on hiring him. If this is a job hubby really wants, I wouldn’t smoke dope. Better safe than sorry.  This person is right. It's legal to have on you here now but you can't walk in to any store and buy it. Try us in 2020 FYI, unless you know someone that already has some, don’t expect to be able to buy legally anywhere yet. We’re still a year + away from that being setup. He should be fine  [deleted] If he gets some secondhand and it pops on the drug test portion for him it would be bad. Also, if they ask him about drug use during the polygraph and he had tried it he's screwed. My wife smokes recreationally and my clearance was Top Secret, before I retired, and I always made sure to never be near her during those times. 