 First off I'll give as much info as I can about my current position For the last 4 years out of school I have worked for a small company of 25 people. I am in a right to work state. My original terms were 30% travel, no weekend work and typically close to a 9-5. This is a salary position with no overtime. I generally work about 250 hours of overtime each year. A large project starts on Monday. 3 days from now and my supervisor sent a message to our team of 6 to expect new operating procedures for this project. They expect us to work weekends, nights and " long hours" for about 3 months. I feel this violates the terms of my position and plan to ask for a compensation adjustment in the form of, a permanent salary raise, a large bonus in writing to be paid at the end of the project, or a permanent addition of overtime pay hours over 50 in a week. What are my legal obligations to my employer if they refuse my demand but do not terminate my employment? If I refuse to work outside of my normal scope of employment will i be disqualified from collecting unemployment in the case that they fire me? Thank you. I apologize for any spelling or format issues I'm a little flustered and still at work currently typing on my phone.  Thank you this is an excellent resource I think I may be owed some money after reading this. Looking like around 40k in back pay  That changes nothing I said.  It's an active construction site without climate control and the work is manual repetitive labor. Seemingly it doesn't fall under the same rules as "white collar" office jobs It's a repetitive manual labor job on an active construction site.  You are owed payment for all hours worked, nothing more. It's 3 months. It's part of being an adult with an office job. Demanding anything, especially a permanent raise and large bonus for something temporary is asinine and will reflect poorly on you.  Well if you are blue collar you are not exempt from OT and have been paid incorrectly this entire time. File a claim with the DOL. It would seem that my position is considered blue collar by this form" Blue Collar Workers The exemptions provided by FLSA Section 13(a)(1) apply only to “white collar” employees who meet the salary and duties tests set forth in the Part 541 regulations. The exemptions do not apply to manual laborers or other “blue collar” workers who perform work involving repetitive operations with their hands, physical skill and energy. FLSA-covered, non-management employees in production, maintenance, construction and similar occupations such as carpenters, electricians, mechanics, plumbers, iron workers, craftsmen, operating engineers, longshoremen, construction workers and laborers are entitled to minimum wage and overtime premium pay under the FLSA, and are not exempt under the Part 541 regulations no matter how highly paid they might be."  It's good to want things. You ain't getting that.  Assuming you are properly exempt from OT you can ask, they can tell you to piss off. You may or may not be eligible for unemployment if you refuse to work. Also, while its not super important, VA is a right to work state, but that’s not what matters here, what mattes here is that VA is an at will employment state.