 Original post here: =JOPZ5M3E sh=6b776e69 First off I would like to thank everyone for the excellent advice. I learned a lot from the responses yesterday and our situation has greatly changed. I found out that the MassHealth bill is $350,000, and consulted a lawyer who informed me that that we do not qualify for hardship or any way to erase that debt. As much of it that can be taken, will be taken from the estate, and the remaining balance will be settled. With roughly $100k in home equity, this means that they will be taking everything. We can have this deferred until the house is sold. I did learn, however, that MassHealth is actually 6th priority in terms of who gets paid out from the estate. This changes our strategy, as we are now looking to get as many reimbursements from the estate as possible before MassHealth takes the rest. In Massachusetts, funeral expenses are the number 1 priority in payout. I paid for both parents funerals ($20k) out of my mom’s life insurance policy payout, which I was the sole beneficiary on, and received a check in my name for after her passing. I do not think I was required by the life insurance policy to spend the benefit on funerals, as after they sent me the check that was the end of our interaction (I didn’t give any receipts). Moms benefit was enough to cover both hers and dads funerals. My question is, because funeral expenses are number 1 priority, can the estate reimburse me for the funerals? Also, there was $8k in a savings account, can I put that all towards the mortgage so the house isn’t foreclosed on (would keeping the house in good standing qualify for estate admin costs, #2 priority)? Thank you!!! Tl;dr: MassHealth is taking everything from the estate but is #6 priority, can I reimburse myself for the funerals #1 priority from the estate, even though I used a life insurance payout to cover them? If your attorney needs you to look this stuff up, you need to fire this attorney. While asking you what your preferences are is one thing, forcing a client to do research for you is another (a new embarassing). Fire this attorney (and consider a bar report) and find an actual probate attorney.  Illinois funeral director here: when we accept an assignment of the insurance it's not different than the family paying us directly. It simply let's us know that we will get paid. You should still be able to file against the estate for reimbursement for the funeral expenses.  Yea we would have to see the letter of engagement to be sure of what the attorney did what was agreed upon. I have seen this scenario in terms of billing/services though.  Right. not how it works  This is absolutely the sort of thing your lawyer should know (or be able to research and tell you), not expect you to read the statutes yourself and tell them what to do. I'd look for a new lawyer who is going to actually help you.  Re-read the retainer contract you signed. I'm willing to bet dollars to donuts that you can fire them. A standard retainer contract usually states that you can fire the attorney for no reason at all and only get a partial refund of the retainer that has already been paid. Or you can fire them for a very valid reason like failing to provide appropriate legal counsel and recoup most, if not all, of the retainer that has been paid. Considering they've not done any actual work, in reality they have you doing their work for them, I would go forward with filing a complaint against this attorney with the [appropriate governing body](). Don't threaten to file a complaint unless they refund you, just do it. You've got what I think is a typo in the last sentence. now Not? I think I need to hire another attorney. After reading mass statute I am entitled to reasonable compensation as executor of the estate, but I need to track my hours and Keep a detailed record. I was never told this...I spend countless hours and have lost income at work to muddle through this estate. All my attorney has charged is $900 for 3 hours to file paperwork at the court.  yea def sounds sketchy in terms of the attorney. When a client hires us to help them with an estate, we may ask questions to gather information, may present you with two methods of procedure and ask your preference, but we would NEVER make you read the statutes, or ask for you to come up with your own strategies. This is just now how that works around here and i fully recognize it may be different in your state.  was reading some of your replys to comments, and you mentioned you needed to tell the attorney what to do. Not sure if this is just an odd way of saying the attorney gave you several options and you need to tell him which option to proceed with, OR you need to hire another attorney!!!!!  I commented yesterday, and i'll say again. You need to HIRE an attorney. They are the ones who can answer these questions. (it seems you had a consult, but it also seems that created more questions you need answers to) In NC, theres a statute that dictates how much of a funeral bill can be reimbursed in an insolvent estate. Also, in NC, executors/administrators are entitled to a commission, which here is 5% of commissionable assets. In NC, the attorneys fees are paid out of estate assets. So essentially, when the attorney i work for is requested to administer an estate for payment of medicaid lien (medicaid is usually the one to request the public administrator bc the family does not open an estate), medicaid basically asks him to sell the real estate to create assets, take your cut, and give us the rest. We also help clients do the same in their capacity as Administrator. We have never paid back a medicaid claim in full, due to not enough assets. Court fees, attorney fees, any other debts (per classification) and then medicaid. I can see where you could sell the house as the executor of the estate, pay off mortgage, pay off attorney, court fees, reimburse you for funeral expenses, and the rest to MassHealth. OF COURSE THIS ALL DEPENDS ON THE LAW IN YOUR STATE!!!!  Thank you! This is very helpful. So if there’s a similar restriction here I could possibly be reimbursed, which helps make this less awful of a process.  I work with probate in Ohio. In Ohio, the reimbursement is $4,000 for funeral expenses and $3,000 for cemetery burial expenses. Any additional funeral reimbursment, if permitted, would be further down the line of priority.  Section a mentions if there is not enough what the order is. It does say “reasonable” so I’d need to find out what that means. This is the part of mass statute it’s in:  If you need to tell him what to do, you’ve hired the wrong attorney. The estate issues you are facing are common for estate/probate attorneys. Also, you can indeed break an engagement letter. Attorneys are paid out of estate funds, not by you personally so you should not have needed to pay him a retainer. Additionally, most states require that the attorney can not be paid until the final account is prepared unless a special application for fees is filed and approved by the court. The amount you can be paid back for the funeral is likely capped in an insolvent estate. Meaning even though funeral bill takes priority, it’s a reasonable priority so it’s possible you wouldn’t get the full $20,000 reimbursed.  Do you have an estate attorney? If so, they should know what to do to walk you through all this. You may have to answer broad strategy questions, but that doesn’t sound like what’s happening. If your lawyer took on your estate case without having sufficient knowledge, then you may have an ethical complaint to make to the Mass Bar. A lawyer has an ethical obligation to be “good” at what they do: You should pay your lawyer to research your case, and relevant case law, not the “law about how to conduct your case.” I actually have an attorney, but I need to tell him what to do. He’s pretty hard to get in touch with and doesn’t seem to have a ton of answers. I’ve signed a contract retaining his services and I don’t think I can break it. I’ve been doing the research and reading Massachusetts statute to recommend strategy, which he then takes and does actions with and charges me for the time. I haven’t been actually told what I need to do or what’s best for me financially, I’ve had to figure that out myself. For instance he told me yesterday that I needed to sell the house because the mortgage was outstanding, but didn’t tell me that estate funds can be used for the mortgage to keep the house current (Note- I don’t know what attorneys do. This is my first time ever using one).  Yes, the estate should reimburse you for the funeral. I believe paying the mortgage does qualify as a priority since that is the only asset, but you should double check with your attorney. You absolutely need a probate attorney. Do not attempt to do this yourself. Get a probate attorney. You are trying to play a shell game (completely legal one, but you dont really know the rules). You need an expert. You need a Mass probate attorney. Can you take a fee as as serving as the executor/personal representative?  [removed] Thank you for posting an update! All update posts are automatically locked due to a historical lack of on-topic discussion. This is a forum for legal advice and if none is sought, none will be offered. If, however, your post also contains a new question, please [message the moderators](=/r/legaladvice subject=Re-approve%20my%20comment message=%20\(please%20leave%20this%20so%20we%20can%20reference%20your%20comment\)) for a review. Feel free to start or join in the conversation about this update in either /r/bestoflegaladvice or /r/legaladviceofftopic. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.