 This question may not fit here. My apologies. I'm not sure where else to ask for advice on this. This is in NH. Mum moved into assisted living we are going through a Medicaid application. Medicaid needs 5 years of bank statements, which the bank reluctantly collected. I live over three hours away. The issue is, the bank will not ship or mail the statements in paper form or digital form. The only solution they accept is for me to drive to the branch location to physically pick up the statements. This will require me to take a day off from work, and 6 or 7 hours of driving to get these bank statements which seems ridiculous given that it's 2018. There's got to be a better way. I offered to pay shipping with UPS and no way. I need to drive to the branch. If the bank does not want to be helpful, apart from complaining to the company there's not much I can do is there? Any pro life tips on this much appreciated!  I don’t think so, because that is also a liability.  Can OP grant someone local POA to pick them up on their behalf? I had to go through this with my father (who lives in NH) recently. The only way it could be done was via hard copy and they wouldn't mail or fax it. The bank wanted to charge me for it, but I talked to someone and they waived the fee. Good luck to you, this isn't a fun process.  Thanks. I think this is a small stack of papers. I bet they won't fax.  Fax is just a old fashioned email. The bank may say no but it can't hurt to ask It is. I’ve listened to countless people have the same issue. The only other way you could suggest is to have them send an encrypted email and mail you the password. I believe that would work Can they fax it? Wouldnt that be secure? What if mum's bank was 3000 miles away? Would I need to fly or drive to pick up a box of papers? This can't be the only way.  This is very normal, because there is no guarantee that the mail will actually be delivered to you personally. I believe it’s a fraud/identity protection policy but I’m not sure. This is a normal practice. Even sending them in an email is hard because email is not secure. I worked at an insurance company and this was normal even for us. The only “secure” way is for you to be there. It’s personal information. Anything with a SSN can’t be transmitted or mailed, which I’m assuming is what is going on?