 I work with food and wear nitrile gloves; my place of employment has a no-jewelry policy which includes bracelets. I wear a medical bracelet on one wrist that is easily covered and secured snugly under the glove, so it is never exposed to food. I take care to wash it and under it when I wash my hands/wrists throughout the day nonetheless. I had it approved by my manager, but his manager noticed it, and is now claiming this is a sanitation hazard and policy issue despite it never for a moment being exposed to food. They want me to wear a medical ID necklace and hide it instead. (Necklaces are still jewelry but don't fall under the "policy issue"?) I do not trust myself to take my ID on/off because of poor memory so I must keep it on at all times, but a clunky necklace is so much more in the way than a stationary bracelet. It is also urgent medics see my ID immediately because they cannot administer medicine, and if it's tucked under clothes I'm concerned about the speed they'd discover it. I understand it's a small issue but switching to a necklace would be an annoyance IMO and potentially a greater hazard. Is it my legal right to have a medical ID bracelet under reasonable accommodation, or must I cave and wear a necklace? Ya know I'm really surprised VA spells it out like that. They are trained to look for bracelets and necklaces. Let professionals professional. The logic behind the rule is probably that your glove is more likely to tear or be punctured if you're wearing jewelry that constantly rubs against the nitrile. A plain wedding band with no gemstones is rounded and smooth and barely protrudes from finger, so the risk is about as low as possible in that case. Would a choker-style necklace that's visible above your collar and doesn't need to be tucked under clothing to prevent contact with food be an option? Or a small badge or lapel pin that could be attached to your outer layer of clothing?  Also the ring can easily be covered by a rubber glove and won't rip it.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. This is a good point. ie If it just says "diabetic" and you're unconscious, that's something they'll learn or at least assume pretty quick regardless of ID  If the necklace would cost you anything you may have a good point to raise with HR. I know where I'm from those medic alert items can cost. A cheaper option may an extension chain that you can use with your bracelet to make it a necklace. Also if you're worried about a necklace not being found, if you ever go unconscious, stripping an individual generally happens pretty quickly when medical folks show up. So I'd worry less about that. Lastly. I dislike how wedding rings are exempt from this rule ( as mentioned in a post above). They'd likely be dirtier than a bracelet. Good luck.OP. "Reasonable" accommodations are ones that both the employer and employee can agree on, and if they disagree, will only be decided by the courts. As you can see, it's not clear-cut. There are definitely environments where even the most necessary jewelry would not/could not be allowed, and definitely cases where an employer would be overstepping to say that it's not allowed. Figuring out accommodations is called an "interactive" process because both parties (you and your employer) must work together to find a "reasonable" solution. If one can't be found, it may not be the right job for you. I see a few good suggestions in the comments, but the one from the EMT might actually be your best bet--ask some EMTs (either online or IRL) what the best way to communicate your medical issues to them in an emergency might be. It's entirely possible that bodily jewelry isn't the best solution at all, and having all your co-workers aware that there IS an issue (even if you don't want to disclose details, which could be sealed in an envelope taped in an easily-accessed location or something) might be safer than counting on jewelry being discovered in a critical moment. Good luck! Even if they did, according to the statute that /u/boredaccountant829 posted, medical information jewelry on the arms and hands is a health code violation in Virginia. OP literally can't wear it and needs to find an alternative. NAL, but based on a quick search, looks like it's a health code violation: []() "Except for a plain ring such as a wedding band, while preparing food, food employees shall not wear jewelry, including medical information jewelry on their arms and hands." (emphasis mine) As someone else recommended, looks like you'll want a shoe tag or some alternate identification that complies. Start with company's HR department, as was suggested. They will most likely get the ball rolling. Depending on what info the medical bracelet holds, you may have an exception to a policy. What information does your bracelet contain? I work in EMS and such bracelets are generally not at all useful to us - we may use the other arm entirely, for example. Not speaking to the legality of the ban but just wondering how worth it the fight is. A bit extreme but my BIL got a tattoo of his medical condition, diabetes 1, on his forearm.  NAL: Look into getting a medical ID shoe tag. That's what came up when I searched the web for "Medical ID food service worker" and read similar stories to yours.  Does your employer have an HR department? I would start there.