 [Originally posted here.]() I'm currently in an emotionally and physically abusive relationship with my one year girlfriend. She's hit me many times before and has a very bad anger problem. The problem I have is that I live with her in a foreign country, and just "leaving" is not as easy if you lived in your own country. I don't have friends here willing to house my stuff, and the airport is quite far away. So I'm going to have to leave a lot of belongings if and when I leave. My question is legally how liable am I if I just leave without fulfilling my part of the lease. People have suggested messaging my landlords, and I'm awaiting a response. I'm afraid saying my girlfriend is abusive will just be shrugged or laughed off. I've written down times she's hit me and abused me, you can read more on my original post. I'm secretly contacting my landlords to see if I can end my lease. I'm seeing if I can fly home right now, but money is tight. I've neatly packed all my clothes away in my drawers, ready to throw in my suitcase and bag to ditch this hell hole. I've been looking at AirBnb's to stay for a few days so I can sort something out for my great escape. I'm also very afraid she'll pretend to say I raped or hit her. Or she will try killing herself (yes actually killing herself) please check my last post. The last time I tried leaving her, she grabbed a knife and it got ugly. Any advice is greatly appreciated, I'm barely making it right now. (TLDR; Living with an abusive girlfriend in a foreign country. Money is tight, hard to escape her. Afraid of being shrugged off by people.) i never dealt with tenancy cases at the law office i worked at, but the advice you seem to need is put yourself and your well-being first, worry about the legality later. if she threatens suicide call the police. go over your lease and see the details about breaking it, or just leave and continue to pay your half of the rent if that's an option financially. it might be easier that way. but you need to get out of there first and foremost.  IANAL. Your personal safety - moving out to a temporary or permanent safe location - ought to be your priority. Legal obligation over lease is a separate issue, which you can resolve afterwards. Regardless whether you are in Netherlands or Germany, you can and should make a police report. Your country's embassy or consulate can provide you with names of legal counsel, if it comes to that. You say you're in the Netherlands, but your linked post says Germany. Which is it? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.