 I was looking at the USPTO website database and saw some recently registered nonsense names from some biotech companies that I figured are unapproved pharmaceutical drug names. The Goods and Services section of the trademark filing mentions vague pharmaceutical use. I checked the names on a domain registrar and saw that they were not yet taken. Can I purchase the ".com" domain of these? The trademark filing does not specify web use, and the database is publicly searchable. The pharma company that owns these names probably wants to name one of their unapproved drugs with this brand name for marketing once the drug is FDA approved. Whenever that happens, I imagine the drug company would want to buy BRANDNAME.com since most drugs have a brand website. Would it be illegal for me to purchase these domain names in the hopes that the drug company would pay me a premium price for their brand name website? A friend mentioned a law about "cybersquatting" but I wasn't sure. I have also heard of people who park domains for a living, so I imagine this is done? What kind of trouble (if any) can I get in if I purchase the domains and block my WHOIS? Thank you and the other users for the quick replies! Sounds consistent, so probably a bad idea to do this. Thanks for the quick reply! Won't be doing that, then. Thanks for clarifying! Really appreciate it. Sounds like I dodged a bullet.  No, but it's against ICANN rules to purchase a domain name for the sole purpose of keeping it away from the trademark holder in order to sell it to them for an amount of money far above and beyond what you paid for it, and when the drug company lodges a complaint with ICANN, you're going to lose the domain anyway as ICANN will simply transfer control of it away from you and over to them.  If the proper owner of a registered trademark or brand name decides they want the domain that you are squatting, they will have no trouble taking ownership of it from you by court order, there are a variety of laws and regulations of ICANN that cover this exact behavior and they are not friendly to squatters. Buying a domain name doesn't mean you own the name, that always belongs to ICANN and you are simply leasing it -- as long as you abide by their terms, one of which is that you are not squatting. You will not make any money on this stupid idea and you will be out the money you spend registering the names. Domain squatting hasn't been a profitable "investment" in over a decade and you are not the nearly the first person to try. What you're proposing is exactly what cybersquatting is and you will lose the domains rather quickly if you proceed. It isn't a crime, but you will not end up profiting as you hope to.