 Montana. About two months ago I was attacked by my ex boyfriend of three years. He had a duplicate key to my apartment and came in with two knives, saying he was going to kill me and my children. He threatened to break my phone, so I put it on video and shoved it under my pillows on my bed. I have audio of him holding me hostage while my children hid in their room. I was beaten pretty badly and he broke one of my teeth. I was a barista at a large but local coffee kiosk, on my way to becoming manager of the kiosk division. I had to open the kiosk the morning after my attack, and even though I was bruised up and in pain I went to work and finished my shift. At that point my broken tooth hurt so badly I made an appointment with my dentist for after my shift. I went in in my work uniform. I have Borderline Personality Disorder, and I admit I was not handling the beating from my ex well at all. I said something to the the effect of "If we don't get this tooth pulled today I would rather be dead" to the dental assistant. The next thing I know the dentist is telling me the police were there, since I was threatening suicide. That in and of itself is fucked up to me, but not very important to my question. Because of my mental illness, I fly into rages very easily. I've been in CBT therapy for the last few years, and I try my hardest to avoid acting out like this. I was cuffed and shoved into the cop car to be taken to the ER to determine if I needed to go to the Psych Center on suicide watch. While in the cop car I lost my cool completely. I screamed at the officer things I am not proud of and things I would never say if I was in my right state of mind, but clearly someone who needs to be hospitalized for their mental illness isn't in the best spot for emotional stability. I was screaming and ranting, and told the male officer- "I hope you have a daughter. I hope she gets beaten by her boyfriend, and somehow she ends up in the back of a cop car, while the guy is still free walking around. I hope your daughter gets beaten and she loses her mind and some asshole cop arrests her for being upset. I hope your daughter has to get her tooth pulled because she got beaten for no reason." I am not proud of this. I feel terrible about my actions now, of course. The cops went to my ex's house ONCE to try and arrest him. Never went to his work, didn't pursue after that first night I told the detective what happened. My ex lives across the street from me, and I was so angry that the police didn't take me seriously. I felt completely unsafe, I installed security cameras and have pepper spray on me at all times now. The DA is pressing charges now and since I have the recording and proof of the things he stabbed and sliced in my room, I know he will be going away for a long time. But things like this move slowly. The ER did not admit me to the psych center, determining I was not suicidal after 8 hours in the ER. I didn't have my phone during this time, and when I finally got it back I had a message from my boss to call her. She asked me to come in to corporate the following morning. I was expecting to be talked to about being in my uniform when I got put in the cop car. I went to the meeting and was informed that right after he dropped me at the ER, the police officer called corporate and told them the things I said to him while he was transporting me to the ER. I was fired on the spot, stating the things I said to the police officer only. I've been a model employee both times I've worked for this company (I worked there for six years before my son was born, only left when he was diagnosed autistic) and in fact was hired back to immediately train for management. Is what the cop did illegal? I'm thinking it is too late to do anything substantial about this. It's still bothering me so much and I would just like to know if what he did was legal or not. I would really appreciate any feedback. Thank you for reading. TLDR- I was taken to the ER for a psych eval and the cop who drove me there got me fired because of the admittedly terrible things I said to him on the ride to the hospital. Was it legal to call my place of employment to get me fired over my statements?  I didn't miss any work, even the day after the assault, I just covered my bruises and wore a scarf to hide the bandages from the knife on my neck. I fully understand that how I acted and what I said was insane. My employer was aware of my mental illness prior to being hired, as I disclosed this as a disability on my application, and it was discussed with my manager. I appreciate the time you put into your response. I don't want to pursue anything at this point, this question was just nagging me in the back of my mind. I'm honestly so embarrassed and ashamed of myself, I can barely leave the house without a panic attack. My ex is still free and lives across the street and is so close he can see into my apartment. He told me once he could shoot me from his front window if he wanted to. He is out on bail until trial or if he finally takes a plea deal. The DA thinks we have enough evidence for attempted murder. My whole life imploded because I cannot handle myself. Again, I appreciate your thorough response.  It's not illegal to call your employer and tell them things you've said. It's not illegal for your employer to fire you for saying really horrible things and wishing violence upon children. Was it professional of the police officer to do that? Arguably, no. Nothing is preventing you from reporting the police officer for his actions. But considering what you said to the police officer, this might be something you want to let die down. Remember, you're still going to have to find a new job too. If your employer was willing to fire you over that, I imagine there's employers willing to not hire you because of it too. Taking further action could cause it spread around further. The choice of what to do is up to you, I'm just showing you all the angles. Edit: I just saw that you said you're from Montana. Montana is the only state in the union that is not an at-will employment state. You may have some remedy about being fired, but I am not familiar enough with Montana law on the subject to know. I suspect if you missed worked because of this pysch evaluation, that was probably enough for just cause to terminate but I am unsure. You may want to speak with an attorney in your area about it. 