  (i'm gonna cut right to the chase) I am an international student in Canada. My parents had signed a deed pledging that they would pay for my tuition fees and see to all my needs till the end of my bachelors degree in my university (papers for student visa). My dad is refusing to pay my tuition fees, which is too high for me to cover with any part time job. Also my dad CAN AFFORD my expenses. Can i use that deed that my parents had signed to take legal actions? Let me know how i can contact a lawyer specializing in this field? Can i take student loan as an international student? Please help me with details. Thank you. Ouchie. A similar thing happened to me about 20 years ago in Canada, although I wasn't an international student. My mom ended up suing my dad for extra childcare money. She lost in the lower court, appealed, and then got a bit more money in the appeals court, although I'm not sure if maybe that extra money got eaten up by legal costs in the end. So if you're going to sue them, get a better lawyer than we had. If you are here on a study permit, you are not eligible for student loans from the government or banks. If you explain your situation to your school's financial aid department they may be willing to provide some form of emergency assistance, however that is completely at their discretion. Assuming your father lives in another country and you try to sue him in Canadian courts (and win), it's going to be difficult if not impossible to enforce a Canadian judgement against him. I am not a lawyer. You should talk to someone works for your University's international students office. They should be able to advise you as to what to do about this situation. They are really the best people to talk to about this issue as it's their job to know the laws regarding international students' financial responsibilities and things like scholarships. Is there a specific person you trust or are comfortable taking to at your school's international students office? Please go talk to them as this is not just a legal issue. You need to talk to someone who has knowledge of the resources that are available to you if your family is refusing to pay the college fees. Also, please talk to them as soon as possible, if you don't have this resolved by the end of the semester there is a chance your visa could be I jeopardy. (I'm not a lawyer, I'm a higher education professional who's worked with many international students)