 So a friend lives in Missouri and her ex moved out of state after the divorce, which was around when the baby was born. The father was not in the baby’s life for almost a year, and then wanted to start seeing the child. They set up an arrangement so he could see the child on a regular basis, but the father has recently filed for joint custody of the child. They have not been to court for custody yet, but they have recently been to court for the guardian ad litem he filed against her claiming she was not a fit parent. The judge threw out the first case because there was no proof of any wrongdoing, but I guess the father filed another case and that time her lawyer went ahead and allowed the guardian ad litem without consulting with her client first. Is that legal? Can she fight this or should she get another lawyer? She already paid the lawyer quite a bit of money up front so it would be a shame to have that go to waste. Not an attorney: is it possible that the Court or the matter before the Court required that a guardian ad litem be appointed?  Former GAL here. Parties do not actually have to consent to GAL appointments are all, so in some ways its meaningless to say that ttorney allowed it. Sometimes judges will tell the attorneys that they are going to be appointing a GAL and then suggest that the parties agree to the appointment rather than duking it out in a contested hearing. In this siguation thea ttorney may have 'agreed' but wasn't really given a choice. The lawyer was hired to represent her and her interests. It's not unethical to do just that. As well it could be that the lawyer knew that a judge would order it anyways and thought that it was best to get it over with. This is not a hill to die on. A guardian ad litem will see through any bullshit and if the mother puts up a fuss about it then suspicious eyes turn to her.  But without contacting the parent? That doesn’t seem ethical to me, obviously not a lawyer though. Perhaps the lawyer saw the writing on the wall that this guy is going to be difficult and that having a GAL appointed sooner rather than later would be in everyone's best interests.  I’m not sure exactly, I think the point was that the father was trying to make the mother look like an unfair parent to help with the joint custody decision. And the main thing isn’t whether or not it’s a bad thing, but that the lawyer made the decision without speaking to their client first. Why is having a guardian ad litem a bad idea? It's someone who represents the child's best interests 