 I'm an Australian currently working in Berlin on a working holiday visa. I was hired by a company back in July, and made redundant already in August. Apparently half of the company's employees were also let go at the same time. I found out soon after that the company had filed for bankruptcy. I was paid for my time in July, but nothing for August. I should have been paid for about 2.5 weeks, which would have worked out to be between 850 and 900 euros after tax, healthcare contributions, etc. My previous manager notified me that I would have to wait until October when the legal proceedings would start and to notify the bankruptcy/insolvency lawyers regarding my salary when the case was opened. So I waited, and contacted them on the date I was given. When they finally got back to me, they said the insolvency agency could not pay me and directed me to to Bundesagentur für Arbeit. I contacted the Bundesagentur für Arbeit customer service and they suggested I contact Gleichbehandlungsstelle EU-Arbeitnehmer instead, or alternatively, seek a lawyer. So first I contacted Gleichbehandlungsstelle EU-Arbeitnehmer, who basically suggested that I go to the bankruptcy lawyers to ask for my salary (which is where I started). So, going around in circles. He also suggested that if no-one paid me, then my other option is to sue. Obviously, being a foreigner in Germany, and only an absolute beginner in terms of language, I'm very reluctant to sue anyone or start legal proceedings. I imagine it's very difficult, complicated and drawn-out process. Also, considering it's only 900 euros, then I assume any lawyers fee would be more than this and it wouldn't be worthwhile pursuing. On the other hand, this is a lot of money for me, and I'm really pissed about it. I don't even know why they hired me the month before considering their financial situation. I don't want to just 'give up' on this money, considering I had a contract and I'm legally entitled to it. Basically, I want to know if there is any other avenue that I can take or someone to report this to without having to sue?  Thanks for the information! I will check this out and hopefully can get something back. Appreciate the help :)  So, first of all, when you sue, you can request "Gerichtskostenhilfe", which helps you financially to sue for your claim. Lawyers have to take your case with Gerichtskostenhilfe, while they might not be happy about it (simply because they will have to accept the lower normal fee), they normally will have to take on the case. So, the problem is, if the company is already in bankruptcy, than you can only get the money that is left. Depending on the kind of comany, you may be able to go after the former owner of the company if it can be prooven that he hired you, knowing that he was in a situation where the company had to file for bancrupcy, but that highly depends on the situation. if it is a company with limited liability, there might be even a chance that he still has some money. If this is not a viable option, your claims will be listed in all the claims the company has open, and than every person that has open demands against the company can basically shaire what is left, which will be considerably less than your claim is.