 My fathers "wife" passed away recently. The issues is even though they didn't officially get married he considered her his wife. Now legally This means jack shit in North Carolina from what I understand. However, there is about 4,000 in her bank account. What is the legality of my Father accessing that money? Will that account have been closed already due to medical bills? The money is from her Disability checks. If he did access the money what ramifications would there be?  Depending on how the account was set up, your father could be liable for any money he takes out of the account. The creditors holding the medical debt have to wait their turn to be paid, would they even have the decedent's bank account number? Note that the estate might need to repay some monthly government checks issued for the month of death. Did your father co-own the account as a "joint tenant with right of survivorship" (JTWROS)? If yes that account is now his, it is not part of the estate, and is not available for creditors or heirs to collect. As /u/irongun820 suggested there might have been a "pay on death" or "transfer on death" clause in the account naming a beneficiary. In that case the money goes to the beneficiary, is not an estate asset, and isn't available for creditors or heirs. If the decedent was the sole account holder, and no beneficiary is named, the account becomes part of the estate. In that case only the executor (named in a will, recognized by the probate court) or the estate administrator (appointed by the probate court if there was no will) has the right to access the account. If the account is an estate asset, creditors have priority over heirs. Heirs inherit the remainder of the estate after all creditors are paid. Check out this link for a description of probate is North Carolina: If the estate's debts exceed its assets, some creditors may get partial payment, some may not be paid at all. The priority of debts is spelled out in state law: If some creditors go unpaid, and the medical debt is paid before a higher priority debt, the executor (or estate administrator) can be held liable. So hopefully the medical debt holder doesn't even have the necessary information or authorization to simply withdraw money from the account. One way or the other, it is a good idea to inform the bank of the death ASAP. This will either speed up the transfer to the co-owner/beneficiary, or freeze the account until the probate court issues "Letters Testamentary" or "Letters of Administration" to an executor/administrator. Good luck. Well your father could go to the Financial instutution,in which the funds are, with document of death and turn that in to them. If she had a beneficiary on the account all of it would go to tge beneficiary or who ever she wanted it to go to and in which way (ex. Split between 2 people 60/40)