 Please excuse bad grammar and spelling. Now let me explain a few weeks ago I had ordered something online with tracking; so when I received a delivered message I looked around my house and found nothing. So the natural thing to do was go to the postal office and asked about it the person in charge was very apologetic and offered to look around the building to see if they could find my package. After a while of searching they thought they would put my tracking code in and see if they could find the problem when he did he told me the tracking said it was delivered. However, they had the mail carrier that day on GPS and they decided to track that person and they found out that they delivered it to the other house. They got on the call with the carrier and they argued for a bit before they told me they would find my package for me and have someone deliver it to me. So I went back home and fifteen minutes later my mail was delivered but also along with my bank statement, my paycheck and a couple of bills. If this was a package it wouldn’t have been that bad but this was stuff I needed. Now every week on a certain day I get something in the mail but it has not tracking on it, but it has not come in yet, some of my other mail was delivered but the person who mixed up my order is still on my route and a mail carrier. However, I believe this person may be doing it intentionally or accidentally and since my other mail has non tracking I can’t prove they are doing this because they are of now delivering my package but not my mail I believe. (I live in Arkansas btw) Please again excuse bad grammar and spelling.  The carrier has no control, the images are taken before he has control. It will show all mail addresses to your residence. It will just show a list for packages. There may be some glitches but it's very accurate.  But if they’re delivering it to the wrong mailbox I don’t think they would take the picture of the ones were supposed to receive if their putting only half of our mail in the mailbox ^^This^^ I’ve also been told by a local post office employee that it’s good to sign up for the service even if you don’t intend to look at the emails because your mail carrier can see a list of people on their route who use it. They typically will pay special attention to these customers because they know the customer is more attentive to their mail than most. I have, however, noticed that there is sometimes a 24 hour delay between the time a mail piece shows up in Informed Delivery and when it actually arrives. Post office told me that some mail pieces get scanned in but don’t quite make it to the delivery truck on time. Lesson there being that a 24 hour delay is normal, by their standards. Longer delays are not though.  See if you can sign up for informed delivery in your area. It sends an email with images of your mail for the day. You should contact the local postmaster. If that fails you might escalate within the postal service. 