 I am on SSDI. I also get Section 8 housing assistance. I plan for this to be temporary, and in order to go back to work I started substitute teaching when I can. So far, this has been 2.5 days. I make $76 after taxes. As soon as I got my first paycheck, I notified the local housing authority using the change of income or family composition report form. I realized my rent may go up a bit, but I was told at the beginning of my tenancy it would stay the same as long as I promptly reported any changes to income or family composition. I recieved a notice that my rent would be going up by $350. This is a ton of money for me. When I went to find out why, they said it was because I was late in notifying them about my job. However, this was a misunderstanding. Seeing that I was supposed to report a change of income, I reported to them as soon as I got my first paycheck. They expect to be notified when one starts their first day of work. I tend to take things literally and did not understand my first day of work would be the change of income. I thought it was when my income actually changed. I talked to my housing casemanager. She is a new lady still in training. She started less than a week before my issue began. She said there would be no allowance for my misunderstanding and that my rent would be going up. There was a social worker who wasn't mine in the lobby of the housing authority on other business that knows me very well (she was in charge of the cognitive rehabilitation program I did.) She tried to explain on my behalf that it was a misunderstand. When asked if I could appeal, I was told it would be unsuccessful. I did write a letter asking for a hearing. Is there anything I can do about this? I looked up the Code of Federal Regulations for Section 8 and it said a change of income or family composition was to be reported promptly. It's my fault for not recognizing that starting work not earning money is change of income and I realize there are consequences for my misunderstanding. I just cannot stop worrying about this. This might sound too simple, but why can't you simply report another change in income and have the amount reduced again? If you get to appeal, I would contest the accuracy of their statute if it is vague and open to interpretation. I would explain what the change/mistake will mean for you, that you've never made a mistake before, that government lingo isn't for the regular person. And then ask for what you want. If you appeal, you will likely be sitting before a panel of caseworkers AND their bosses who, believe it or not, are sometimes a bit more relaxed due to not dealing with people in crises daily.  You can absolutely appeal and let them know this information, but I’m not sure it will make a difference. Don’t NOT appeal because of advice you receive here, but do not bank on being successful. Best of luck! Thank you. The county people told me that it is up to the county to make allowances for mistakes. Also, I've only worked 2.5 times. I am not able to work all the time nor am I called to substitute teach everyday if that makes any difference. Not to be cold, but your misunderstanding is not the state’s problem. Your income changed when you began your new job, because that is when your wages changed. I understand you didn’t actually ‘see’ the change until you received your paycheck, but again, your new wage rate applies when you begin working. You can absolutely appeal, but be prepared to fight an uphill battle.