 So i recently was in an accident and was cited for a DUI and i feel absolutely terrible and all i could think about is how my terrible mistake could have ruined other people's lives but luckily the passengers of the car i hit were unharmed (that's what worried me more than anything). It's my first offense but now im having to go through the whole process with insurance. My car was deemed totaled and so the insurance adjuster sent me a DMV(in California) document (application for vehicle license fee refund) and they want me to sign over my car to them before they pay for the vehicle but when reading the application where i have to sign it states "i was the registered owner on the date the vehicle was wrecked, destroyed, or damaged. I was not cited or convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs...I certify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the state of california that the foregoing is true and correct." I have sent this to my attorney but it's been a couple days now and i get no response, call backs. I figured i would seek advice elsewhere in the meantime. Terrible and incorrect advice here. Unless your auto contract has something that specifically says they don't cover DUI they will cover the accident. Any major carrier will cover the accident just fine. They will not however pay fees due to the impound of your vehicle as those are punative. Just tell the person who sent you the document that you had a DUI so you can't sign that document. The reason is that you do not get VLF fees refunded if your vehicle was totaled due to a DUI in CA. Otherwise they are required by law to refund you the VLF fees and they go after the state for reimbursement. To be honest the person who sent it to you probably wasn't aware of the law. Source ... I work in insurance, specifically in CA and more specifically my employees handle total losses regularly.  Yeah that's what I'm worried about. I just don't want to get into anymore trouble.  You are correct. I know i can't sign it but i wasn't sure what my next step should be. Guess I'll just have to wait for my attorney.  You absolutely have to disclose to your insurance that you got a DUI regardless, it's in 100% of car insurance contracts and you don't want to risk being sued for insurance fraud. They will then tell you how this affects everything. Wait to hear from your attorney but don't sign anything that's false. Your insurance company may not cover your damages once they know you were cited for a DUI. Well you were cited so you cannot sign this, so I don't really know what you're asking. There is a chance your insurance will not cover you here at all. 