 My doctor is in network. Her usual office is in network. She scheduled me for a procedure that couldn't be done in her usual office. It never occurred to me that her current location could be in-network, but another one couldn't be. And to be clear, this is another location she practices out of regularly. As the title says, the facility she used is out of network. And of course, nobody thinks to tell a patient this up front, so they can cancel the procedure. Insurance (Cigna) has confirmed the facility it out of network. Still waiting to find out if the anesthesiologist is also out of network and will cost thousands of dollars. I cannot afford to pay these charges and I am toweringly furious that something that would be vastly cheaper - were it in network - is costing me this much. This is one of the most enraging parts of our totally fucked medical system in the US. And yes, I have "good" corporate health insurance. What are my options here? Cigna said I can appeal, which I intend to do. But I was hoping that people who know more than I could point out how and what I should appeal. In a prior surgery I had with a different insurance, where the hospital was in network and the doc was and the original anesthesiologist was, but then he had to drop out and another was subbed in who wasn't in network, the insurance company allowed the anesthesiologist to be treated as in-network, due to the circumstances. So I am wondering what legalese I'd need to appeal with. For now, I have contacted my doctor's billing office. They do not communicate at all by phone. They only communicate through email OR they will consider scheduling a 3 way call with my insurance. I have told them that I cannot afford to pay this bill. Any help knowing what to ask for or what to look for would be greatly appreciated. I have a sonogram scheduled with the same doc's office for in a few weeks, and I am cancelling it unless they can confirm to me that the sonogram will be covered.  It pretty much boils down to doing an appeal to the insurance company. Your basis for argument is that the procedure was performed by an INN doctor, and you had no choice in choosing the facility when the doctor scheduled the procedure. Anesthesiologists are usually never INN, so you're looking at having to do an appeal there as well to have them covered at the INN rate. I'd probably go ahead and cancel the sonogram if this facility is OON, because the chances of them allowing you to see this provider at the INN allowance is going to be low if there are other providers who do the same service within 75 miles. I used to be a patient/employee advocate/healthcare pro for 50% of the Fortune 500 companies so dealing with stuff like this was my job. Feel free to ask me any other questions, and I'll do my best to help. What I was specifically asking is "is this sonogram tech/facility/whatever" in network. And then if they don't know, that I need to know whatever info I need to know to ask my insurance if the tech/facility/whatever were in their network. They were, in fact, able to confirm that it is all in network and also covered by my insurance for me. And then I just updated about the rest.   They can not confirm this. Only your insurer can. 