 Last night my friend and I got pulled over. We were driving around my neighborhood listening to music at about midnight when we see a cop. This was really strange to me because I live in a old person neighborhood and rarely ever see cops and never at night. I decide to try to avoid this cop so i divert from the way I was going and head an opposite way. The cop goes a different direction also. My friends car is parked at a church in my neighborhood and I need to drop him off there before I can go home to go to bed. As I’m looping back around to the church I see a cop parked in a parking lot across from it and so I keep heading down the street passed the church since that’s where he had seen me earlier and I didn’t want it to be suspicious if I pulled in there again. We decide best plan of action would be to drop of my gram at my house and then take him back to his house. This is when he tells me he has weed on him as well and I told him to throw it in this little green nalgene container that I usually keep my weed in. We’re pulling up the street to my house and out of nowhere cop lights are behind me. I pull over and he comes and talks to us and he never gave me a reason for pulling me over other than there had been reported break ins in the neighborhood by 4 white guys and he had already seen my car twice that night. I told him I live 4 houses up the street and that checked out. He asked how much weed he’d find in the car and I told him I had a gram and said that my friend threw some more in the container that i handed him. He went back to his car and then came back and said who’s is this and who is going to take responsibility for it (the container with weed and the tiniest glass bowl you can imagine). I told him that some of it was mine and my friend just didn’t say a word throwing me under the bus for his weed. We ended up being put in the back of the cop car while they searched my car for stolen property from the break ins that they thought we had done. they found nothing and then came back and talked to us. he was a nice guy basically telling us he’s not going to tell us anything we haven’t already heard from our parents about smoking and he seemed pretty understanding as we told him we are both college students taking a break from studying for finals. he let my friend go back to my car and kept me in the back of his while he got some paper work together. he gave me two pieces of paper for misdemeanors. one is for simple possession of schedule 6 marijuana and one of is for possession of drug paraphernalia (glass pipe). I live in Tennessee. They both have summons to court stamped in red over the page and I have a booking date for Dec 12. He told me to come dressed for court. This is the first time I’ve ever been pulled over, aside from running a stop sign, and the first time i’ve ever been caught with weed. I am 20 years old. Thinking back I don’t know if I handled the situation poorly or not by not sticking up for myself saying the weed isn’t mine etc. I think the weed was about 2-3 grams total. I have a few questions if anyone could answer: -First and foremost, should I hire a lawyer? -Does the suspicion of seeing a car two times warrant being pulled over? (I know it’s kind of after the fact but I didn’t actually do anything to be pulled over like running a stop sign or having a brake light out) -What should I expect in court? -What would the ranges of my punishment be? -Any other advice anyone is willing to give me. Thanks in advance. I’m pretty nervous and scared about what will happen to me. I know it’s nothing too serious but I am not very knowledgeable about these situations. tl;dr I got pulled over with 3 grams and a pipe in tennessee. I got two misdemeanors and a booking date. Should I hire a lawyer? What is going to happen in court?  His stop of you was fine. You looked like you could have been staking the property out for burglary. Irl you were scoping it out for dropping your friend off, but his perception makes total sense. When you confessed to having some marijuana in the car, he had every right to search the car and charge you. Your friend saying 2 grams of it was his would have just got you both charged with possession for the total amount, they're not going to proportion it based on off your testimony. So there was no point in your buddy getting a charge too. Also, he did the smart thing here which is don't admit you are possessing marijuana. It's likely he wouldn't have searched the car or charged you with anything if you had not admitted you had weed, since he otherwise seemed to buy that you guys weren't involved in any break ins. You should definitely hire a lawyer, since you're young and have a clean record you will likely get off fairly easily and possibly with only having to go to a drug and alcohol counseling class and then they drop the charges if you get a lawyer who can argue for it. “There’s been robbery’s in the area” sounds like a huge load to me. Cops lie all the time, sounds to me like he was just bored. I’ve seen people get charges dropped for a tiny stipulation being infringed on. In Delaware v. Prouse, the Supreme Court considered the case of man prosecuted for marijuana possession. (440 U.S. 648 (1979).) he was stopped for no apparent reason and he got off. I don’t think it’s far fetched that the original poster could look into it to see if there were actual police reports about robberies in the area around the time he got busted. Just my 2 c  No, his reason for being pulled over is not “pretty sketch” and no, he does not have “something there”.  Not a lawyer, but I have gone through this before. Marijuana charges are very cut and dry. There really isn’t much you can do unless the cop is negligent in some way. I wouldn’t hire a lawyer, you will be appointed one and if the cop did something wrong he would know. My friend hired a real lawyer and spent $2000, I used a court appointed lawyer and paid maybe $150 and we both got the same charges. Your reason for being pulled over is pretty sketch honestly, you could have something there. 