 Looking for advice. Information: Was in an accident this morning. Driving in Ontario, Canada. 1. Driving down road as I do every morning at regular speeds 2. Driver appears, goes through stop sign dangerously 3. My car is totaled. All air bags deploy. 4. He receives ticket and charged. He also apologized to us while insurance was on the phone. 5. The truck that flew out was a City Pick Up Truck (working for the city). 6. Insurance claim was filed. Rent a car is coming. Pain is steadily increasing. 7. Car is financed with 15k left. Questions: 1. What are the next steps? 2. How much will my claim be? 3. Should I sue the city? How can I take it to court under what law? Thanks Ask your insurance carrier about your claim. If you aren't satisfied with how they will cover the costs of your injuries and the destruction of your car... You should contact a personal injury attorney. They won't charge you a cent unless they win. This is true in Canada as well as the states. In my state it's 30% of proceeds plus costs. I do not know typical rates in any Canadian province. Explain your situation, detailing injuries, property damage, and involvement of a city employee on the job. They can give you professional legal advice specific to your jurisdiction. SOL is usually 2 years for injuries, but it's better to contact an attorney sooner rather than later. In the very least, keep in mind that attorneys won't be as likely to take your case within a few months of the SOL. Yes, the city would be liable under respondeat superior or vicarious liability if the driver was acting in the scope of his employment (which it sounds like he was). Don't try to sue them on your own, though... Legal procedure is complex even where the law is straight forward. An attorney can do this more efficiently and effectively than you. Good luck! 1. The doctor told me to check back tomorrow with any more injuries or if the injuries become worse as they are. I don’t have Gap insurance. Will I have to pay even though the car is gone and will be paid in full I assume. 2. Will I receive money to pay off the car? The car has been written off. 3. The truck that was driving was driving a city truck in his uniform while on duty. That’s why I bring it up.  1. Contact the company you have the car financed through and let them know what happened. Do you have gap insurance? Stay in contact with your insurance in regards to your claim. You will need to continue to make your car payments until the loan is paid off. Have you been to see a doctor? 2. we have no way of knowing. It will depend on your damages and the value of your car. 3. No. What does the city have to do with some asshole driving recklessly? 