 My ex-husband and I met in high school and he had a crush on me from the start. We were 15 and 16, with me being a year older than him. He asked me to be his girlfriend from the very beginning, but I said no because I was young/no physical attraction. Throughout the first couple of years we talked on AIM and he'd tell me stories/lies about how abusive his father is, how he was selling drugs, blowing up meth labs (I'm not joking), getting shot on accident, how one of his relatives was a big time drug Lord and could hook him up with movie props for friend's birthday gifts and stuff (which never came through) and this seemed to be how he thought he could attract a woman. Moving on we just stayed friends and although we weren't as close he was always pretty protective and would get upset seeing me kissing a boyfriend at the time, etc. Once we graduated from college he started asking me on very planned out, romantic dates and being extremely sweet. He'd send flowers to my work and food and was just the perfect partner. After a couple months of dating I moved to the city he was living in to be with him. I was still in the same state as our parents so it wasn't a very big move. This is when everything started to change. He became obsessed with music and making it in the music industry. I basically started becoming invisible to him. No matter how many times I cried and tried to tell him he needed to meet me in the middle it never worked. He was never home and when he was he was in his studio working on his "music career" which consisted of and to this day consists of making music for friends/small time local artists/playing bass for an Austin artist. Every day was a constant struggle with me trying to make him see how he was hurting me and I knew that he was lying to me about what he was doing, where he was and that it was making me feel like less of a person. Just to give a couple of examples of how he would treat me: 1. I have depression and I was dumb and took a full dosage of anti-depression meds instead of building up my tolerance one day and I was having suicidal thoughts. I knew that it was the medication, but I was still very scared and knew that it would be better to not be alone. I called and he was at band practice at a studio about 30 minutes away. I begged him to come home because I was scared for my life. He never showed up and told me that in his mind if I'd ended up hanging myself that him coming home wouldn't have solved anything since it's a 30 minute drive. 2. I had a miscarriage during our engagement and the day of the miscarriage (after coming home from the hospital) he didn't call off a band practice for a friend at OUR house with my upstairs bleeding and in emotional distress. He never showed any sympathy/empathy towards me and I eventually fainted upstairs from blood loss and he found me once rehearsal was over. We got married. It was a big, beautiful wedding and now knowing that he had zero intentions of being a husband to me it really bothers my parents, his parents and our families that he didn't just tell everyone how he really was/is? It's hard to explain. He sat down with our fathers and promised them to take care of me and that he would put our family first. I got pregnant in Jan 2017 and we announced it to our families at a dinner celebrating a raise that he had told me he'd gotten, which turned out to be a lie. I always offered to work while pregnant and told him if he needed help I was always willing, of course. He would assure me over and over again that he was making great money at his job and about 20-30k a year doing music on the side. He told me he was working for Imagine Dragons, Maroon 5, Luke Bryan and so many more. He even told me that Interscope Records flew him out to have a meeting with the co-founder of Shady Records who wasn't even in LA that weekend. (Later when my lawyer had his bank accounts we saw he'd bought three plane tickets that weekend from three different airlines). Our beautiful daughter was born (emergency c-section) and two days after I was home from the hospital he texted saying he was going to quit his day job. With the hormones, the surgery and just being a new mother I was completely overwhelmed. I'm so lucky my mother and his mother were there every single day for the first 3 months of our daughter's life. They cleaned, helped me, stayed up with our daughter and paid for everything. Our daughter was about 5-6 days old when he started going back on every night (first was to a concert with a buddy) and then "working on music". He'd stay up in his studio editing music keeping the mothers awake until the sun would come up and just had absolutely no respect for them and never said thank you. I eventually asked about finances since he was selling off guitars and would scream at me/throw things when I'd ask to see his work contracts and wanted to get our finances together so that our daughter would be taken care of. Whenever I'd ask him to put us before music he'd scream how he was working day and night to provide for us and how ungrateful I was and would tear me down. He was incredibly emotionally abusive. Finally I left him after I just couldn't anymore. After having my daughter I knew that she deserved better and so did I. I'd become a shell of the person I was when I had started dating him and I felt that if I stayed I would literally end up dying in that house. I told him that I was leaving and going to stay with my parents the next day. I never looked back, I have a great job and my daughter and I are surrounded by family and love. His parents and I have a great relationship. He isn't allowed to take our daughter overnight. His mother has to be with her and I'm so thankful for this and I didn't even ask for it. We got divorced and even during the mediation he put on a show crying to the mediator telling her he didn't want the divorce when my attorney and I could see he'd been out drinking and partying the night before. I found out so many more financial lies during the mediation and divorce. I learned that he didn't pay a cent for our daughter's birth while he'd go around bragging to his friends about paying 60k for her birth and my hospital stay. He had credit cards with thousands of dollars of debt in his name, because he was so lazy the debt added up over the years. He is paying about $300-500 in just overdraft fees EVERY MONTH because his accounts are always empty. Our parents paid for EVERYTHING for our daughter so where was his money going? His accounts show partying and a lot of Venmos to himself? His salary ended up being 50k less than what he'd been telling me throughout our ENTIRE relationship of 5-6 years. He still insists he's getting a 40k raise, but every month it's "next month". It's not about the money; it's about the lies. I know that I left so much out, but I'm just worried about his continuous lies about his financial situation, his "music career" that he chose over his family, and his complete disregard for anyone's feelings but his own. He wasn't always like this and it's almost like he's a complete stranger. He rarely sees our daughter. He lies to me about when he's coming in to see her on his parent's weekends with her (saying he'll come down Friday night when his mother will say he'll be coming in Sunday night). Everyone is constantly having to baby him and work around his schedule. I'm legitimately concerned about his health and it's exhausting co-parenting with someone who is continuously lying to me about what he's doing/sending me/his job/everything and who doesn't even want to be a dad, but won't admit it because he cares about his self image. I want my daughter to have her father in her life, but I also don't want him treating her like he's treated his mother, my mother and me. I don't want her to think she's not important just because her dad is living in this weird fantasy world where he's a huge music producer and nobody else understands. Does this sound like anyone you've ever known? I'm at a complete loss. TL/DR: I've had a very long/complicated relationship with my now ex-husband and his behavior has been worrying me for years, but now that I have a daughter, who is my life, I'm wondering if anyone knows a person like him and if they have any advice. He's become extremely emotionally manipulative and abusive; it almost seems like his reality is completely different from ours. In his mind he's very important in the music industry and doesn't see the incredibly big debt he's burying himself in and just continues to lie to everyone around him without feeling sorry at all. I'm very worried about him hurting our daughter emotionally or just by neglecting her when she's a bit older and able to understand and that's why this is so important to me. Please help if you can.