 My girlfriend an I have been talking about getting married for a while and she just is finishing up USAF tech school. We had a pretty long talk about it just last night and she brought up that of we got married it would pretty much wipe the chances of her being able to become an officer, along with her security clearances? What are our options? Background on me I pled guilty to second degree domestic assault in MN still live here (long fuckin story..) I served 68 days in jail and I'm on felony probation for 5 more years, already done 2. (I should be able be to get it dropped in 6 months or so.) I'm clean and sober, im now on administrative probation too. haven't been in any trouble since and don't plan on it. One option is to get the felony expunged? which I don't think is very realistic but possibly worth a try. Another is to get the charge reduced to a gross misdemeanor, maybe a little more possible? but still going to be very difficult to convince a judge to do. Other than that I don't know what our options are or how it will affect her if I can't get the conviction reduced or expunged. Any insight or help would be greatly appreciated! I got out in 2016 Are you military or have first hand experience? I'm just trying to get the best and truest information I can. I've read so many different things its hard to know which to believe. Not any more than dating you will But if she wanted to say become an officer, would being married to me affect that? They don't take away clearance once you have it unless she personally screws up. I had military clearance and ended up filing bankruptcy and they left my clearance alone. I do not agree with her. Security clearance investigations loom at whether you are a threat to information security. Your DV conviction does not make it more likely that she would dump information. I would speak to an attorney who practices security clearance appeals but I suspect this is not as straight forward as she thinks. Not military but the processes are the same. It's one of those rare things that are handled the same both in the military and civilian world. One last question, what's your rank and how long have you been in for?  Thank you so much! I'm feeling so much better. It shouldn't matter as long as it wasn't crimes against the government (treason, etc). She does need to see her Security Manager and discuss it with them. She should know who that is, it will be the person who handles personnel security issues. Were her crimes violent against a person though? Or does that not matter? I had to detail her conviction circumstances and she was subjected to a general background check. Are there any special hurdles you had to over come with that?  If it makes you feel any better, I'm married to a felon. Well that's extremely good to hear. They won't pull her clearance. Her clearance will be fine. Source: Clearance processor Being married to a convicted criminal is not an automatic disqualifier for a security clearance. March 2017 From my understanding they can still pull her clearances and that will limit how far she can progress in the airforce.  Edit, they will look into you even if you are publicly dating. So if she ever referenced you on social media or you refrenced her, it will show up. But that's really only for top secret It's something we want, Care to explain more?  When was your conviction? Edit: Or when did you plea? Why do you need to get married? I don't know the potential impact on a security clearance, but you really don't need to get married. You can have every benefit of materiality available to you not being married (wills, POA, etc). 