 My friend had a whoopsi-baby, but is trying his damndest to be a father for her. The mother is doing everything to keep him from that, going so far as to move her and their daughter into a house of a drug addict. With my little understanding of the law, that could give him some ground to file for custody under the pretense of child endangerment. But where does he go from there? He is in Ohio, so who would be best to help or what action can he take to be able to at least see his kid? Your friend should talk to an attorney. Depending on whether or not he is on the birth certificate, he may be able to begin custody proceedings immediately OR he may need to start by establishing paternity. Your friend should keep in mind that he is unlikely to get a 50/50 split right off the bat, especially if she is brestfeeding the child. As the child grows, a more equal schedule will become possible, but that is often not developmentally appropriate for an infant. Your friend should realize that unless she is so unfit as to be unable to safely care for the child OR is unwilling to care for the child, full custody is likely not going to be possible. LIVING with a drug addict is not child endangerment in an of itself, and your friend should talk to an attorney before trying to make such serious claims in court against the mother of his child. It could very easily backfire and harm his case. The mother's roommate could be steeped in heroin up to his eyeballs and it won't much matter if the drugs are not being done/left out around the children and the roommate is not a caregiver for the child.  IANAL but I think he needs to get a lawyer and file for some sort of custody. If he isn't on the birth certificate, he will need to first establish paternity before the court will grant him any sort of visitation. He needs a lawyer asap. Hope this helps and good luck.  A lawyer who practices family law is your best bet.  Your friend needs to establish paternity (if not already established) and seek a court order establishing custody and parenting time. 