 I live in Quebec (Canada), my mother had an account with an internet service provider for my apartment, because we had a fee to pay to open a new account. I paid the bill obviously. Last July, we closed the account since I moved into a dormitory where the internet is included. We wanted to return the modem and the WI-FI router. After several calls they ended up sending us a bag so we could send them the equipment, which we did. A week later we had the confirmation thanks to the tracking number that the package arrived safely, but the company sent us a bill for the equipment they say they have never received. So we called to settle this, but every time the employee says that everyone is settled, that the bill will disappear (except that it does nothing) it will even confirm that the devices have arrived home. This lasted for several months, now a collection company calls for my mother to repay this "debt". They have been called but nothing seems to work out, every employee changes their speech in the middle of the conversation and nobody seems to want to solve the problem. I also send an email to the company to try to settle but they referred me to the phone number. What course of action should we take? The Twitter universe is very helpful.....  You could tell them you will place a complaint with the CRTC if they do not fix the issues. The CRTC is the government entity you should contact about this issue in Canada. []()  If it’s Bell, you need to be on the account with all privileges to discuss anything. If your name isn’t there, have it added, phone, and demand L2. These are the agents’ supervisors’ supervisors and have greater decision-making abilities. First-line agents are limited to 50$ per account (and are asked to avoid getting anywhere near that total; it also affects agent stats to do any kind of credit) and do not have the authority to credit for equipment. When I was in MTL with Bell and had to leave at the SPVM’s suggestion, the equipment was destroyed, and my account was similarily charged ~500$. L2 wiped it from my account after my LL confirmed the situation as well as the fact the equipment was left behind and subsequently trashed. It took a month, but it was resolved. Proof that they received the return package should also be adequate to confirm that the equipment is literally out of your hands. 99-100% of resolution is done over the phone. You will have to upload photos and/or direct them to an album to review. In the US we would contact the state's Atty General. One call from them will usually end the tomfoolery. Do Canadians have an equivalent advocate that can settle these disputes? You need to go to a supervisor at the company and get this squared away. Ultimately they are your only avenue.  When I say settle I only meant that I tried to find someone who understood and could erase that fake dept sorry if I wasn't clear Take screenshots showing that the pkg was delivered. As eventually tracking numbers get reused. After thY idk what u should do but u have proof that it was delivered at least. Perhaps send a letter with the pic of confirmed tracking.  By tryin to settle you may have validated the debt.