 I've moving out of a rental house I've rented for 1.5 years. The owner has put the house for sale, and it frequently showing it. The lease was a 1 year lease, and I've been month to month for 6 months. I gave my 30 days notice on 8/15 with a move out date of 9/12. The RI law is difficult to understand/interpret. Do I owe from 8/15 until 9/12 only, with 9/1-9/12 being prorated? Or do I owe all the way through to the 1st of October since I pay rent on the 1st of every month? Lease Language: "TENANT(S) NOTICE OF TERMINATION In the event that this Agreement extends into a month-to-month tenancy after the termination of its initial Term as stated in Section 1 hereof, whether by express terms of this Agreement or by the conduct of the parties, Tenant(s) must, pursuant to R.I.G.L. §34-18-17, provide Lessor with at least 30 days’ written notice (“30 Day Notice of Termination”) of Tenant(s) termination of the month-to-month tenancy, lest Tenant(s) be liable to any unpaid rent for the month following the month Tenant(s) vacate(s). Said 30 Day Notice must also terminate on the first day of the next rental period. If Tenant(s) will not be staying on the Premises beyond the termination of this Agreement’s initial term, and this Agreement allows for immediate month-to-month status thereafter, Tenant(s) must still follow the procedures of this Section 1.7." RI Law: § 34-18-15. Terms and conditions of rental agreement. "(2) Effective date of lease termination. In the event that a lease provides for monthly payment of rent, termination of the lease under this section is effective thirty (30) days after the first date on which the next rental payment is due and payable after the date on which the notice is delivered. (3) In the case of any other lease, termination of the lease is effective on the last day of the month following the month in which the notice is delivered. (4) The lessee shall be responsible for rent amounts of the lease that are unpaid for the period preceding the effective date of the lease termination on a prorated basis. The lessor may not impose an early termination charge, but any taxes, summonses, or other obligations and liabilities of the lessee in accordance with the terms of the lease, including reasonable charges to the lessee for excess wear, that are due and unpaid at the time of termination of the lease, shall be paid by the lessee."