 I’m trying to divorce my abusive husband and he’s making it hard. He’s refusing to sign the waiver of service and he’s said he will dodge a process server. I have blocked him from social media and he no longer has a phone so the only way he can communicate with me is via email. I have, for the most part, ignored his emails because I realize it’s better. He goaded me into emailing him back when he told me he would not sign the waiver of service if I did not give him his things. I responded via email that I would give him his things after the paper is signed. And that I could mail his items to him or drop them off at a relative’s house. He emailed me back and said he’s not on speaking terms with that relative and doesn’t want me to mail his items to him. I then told him I could leave the items at a specific location and he found a reason why that didn’t work. I realized then he was just trying to continue a conversation and possibly trying to get me to meet him so I quit responding. Since then, and even before that, he’s threatened me. First he threatened to “tell my secrets” to my family. I really don’t have any secrets though are things, like an early miscarriage before we were married I’d rather they not know...that’s the sort of secrets he’s threatened to tell my family. When I got that email I ignored it. He then sent me another email that I’ll copy and paste the important part here: Again I am not being ugly but for the sake of anyone about whom you care, do not let anyone tell me to stop contacting you. I promise that the response it will draw will not be an email. That is not a threat but if you have found another then love him enough to protect him. (BTW there is no one else and no one has contacted him on my behalf) And that’s what this post is about. I am beginning to worry that he will become violent as he has in the past. Is an email like that, along with another email reminding me of this one enough to get a protective order? What about on some of my family members that he’s mentioned by name in other emails threatening to harass them? He sent me another email a few hours ago telling me that if I do not communicate with him he will contact a specific relative and get her to speak to me......she will not play along with his games but I would like him to leave her alone. 