 Alright, so basically, I’m just a regular guy. Not a pervert, no intentions to expose myself. I’m working a double, waiting for an order, bored out of mind, and parked within a parking garage devoid of any cars or people. It’s Saturday around 12pm, there’s no one who would possibly be going to this building that has a parking garage. I decided to masturbate, because my girlfriend sent me a sexy picture and I got turned on. I did so, to climax, in around 3 minutes. No one witnessed this, no person was around so there isn’t going to be anyone filing a report. I was slouched on my car seat, trying to be as invisible as possible as I did this. As I was driving away, I realized that I could have been in the vision of a security camera. Like I said, there was no physical human there to witness this, as that’s not what I want. I don’t get off on showing my private parts, was just trying to kill an urge in privacy, and to not be seen by any possible bystanders (which I made sure that there weren’t any). Basically, my question is, if this was actually caught on the security camera, if it was even on, would I be facing any sort of charge for public indecency? I’ve never done something like this before and now after researching it, will never do it again. Would I be looking at any possible charges? I thought that it would be legal / fine if it’s in the confines of my vehicle in a secluded location with absolutely no one around, but I failed to realize the camera. What are the chances they even look at the footage? What are the chances they even choose to prosecute? If they did, would I be in any trouble? Or is it necessary to prove that I was trying to expose myself to an actual individual? The only possible thing that could have witnessed this was the camera.  lol hey at least it’s a good joke You've done more research than I have. I just know about parking lots because I teach self defense and parking lots are on average the place a person is most likely to encounter problems, especially women. I would be very surprised if anything ever comes from this, other than you (sorry, had to).  alright, that makes me feel a lot better. for these public indecency charges, are they usually persued because of witness reports to police? that’s what I seem to be finding online, every report is someone doing it in front of an unwilling bystander Parking lots have problems with vehicle theft, kidnapping, vandalism. If someone decides to set a car on fire they aren't going to watch 3 days worth of footage at normal speed (I hope). What they would do is set it to high speed until they see what they're looking for. So, unrustle your jimmies, because unless a really weird confluence of events happen, and they have a very high resolution camera, that was at the right angle to see into your vehicle, your 3 minutes of shame are between you, and the poor sap detailing your car. What reasoning would they want to look at the video footage? Say there’s a robbery in that same garage a day later, if they were to see my incident would they pursue it? Is what I did defendable or do I have no outs if I were to be prosecuted?  Florida man strikes again. There's no way for any of us to predict the future, so, no one can tell you for sure you won't get charged with a crime, but, as a rule of thumb, no one watches those cameras (just think how boring that job would be). The video exists for a set amount of time, and if no one asks to see it (think law enforcement) it gets deleted and its gone forever.  Don't do that again but you're probably fine dude. Stop worrying.  Holy