 My long story is posted in the BPD thread a lot of times, to help people and show them how to deal with things. But its becoming less and less doable without legal support. I have a lawyer already who did a bit for me, but due to the situation, has no means to intervene just yet, but is like, 1 inch short of doing so. I have GAD in a minor variant. Out of wishing to be withsomeone, I let her in, learning that she has BPD \[Borderline personality disorder\]. Hearing many stories of her having sex with her EX and his fiancee, who is a hooker. The story itself is a typical BPD lovestory, man wants to help the poor sobbing chubby little 5 foot 2 girl, shields her like a good knight, gets occasional rewards, starts becoming less "fascinated" by constant discards, ghosting, ignorance, mood swings, and gets discarded coldly - all mutual life plans, house, baby, marriage, was thrown aboard within sheer hours of being mentioned. Our engagement was ended by her. A very important point that came out of that quick relationship is an alleged baby. Yup. At this point of the story you can stop reading, grab your rifle, and end me. It doesn't matter to me. Life is ruined anyways. Then came the re-roll, exactly 19 days later, and everything was "fine" again, or at least I pretended, engagement up again, ring back on finger, all good, kisses hugs, etc. It ended another 2 weeks later with the even worst discard in history - because she told me she is pregnant indeed, and I reacted in "all the wrong ways". Was surprised, is nothing; was happy, "are you kidding me you are happy??", also wrong. Regarding the baby, there was a lot of blackmailing, and thinking I was going to take it away from her, or my parents would, or my lawyer would, or the doctors would, and she was in defense mode like a cornered animal, seeing threats everywhere, and suddenly swinging to a "you know if you behave we can share custody, hon" mode. I have proof of those mood swing messages, of those hearts she sent because "I care for the childs father coz it needs him" and then when I say "I'm always there", she answers with "yeah well it doesn't look like it". What can I do. She kept me at distance, cursing me away, but wants me there, but "it doesnt look like I want to be there". I CAN'T because you REMOVED ME! Lots of frustration. Blackmailing because we want to find out IF she is pregnant, neither my lawyer nor me get intel, because "it's her business". Good legal system that allows blackmailing and threats using something that's not even proven. Great. I one day cannot take it anymore, and tell her, "that is it", "want my ring back", "everyone warned me, dont take her back after what she had done, she is sick", I confront her with her BPD diagnosis. Ends with ME being accused for being sick due to my anxiety. Can't win against that argument. Engagement ring thrown in the trash by her, much of my possessions went the same way, cursing me and wishing me out of her life forever. If she had gun she would have pulled the trigger and laughed. Now. I have her blocked, and she me, on every possible platform and way of comms. Yet, she uses mutual friends to reach out every once in 3 weeks, with absurd messages. Stuff about how the doctors told her she will lose the baby to CPS due to her instability with a 90% chance. She is very immature and dependent on assistance in everyday life situations - keeping a clean household, showering, cleaning, this and that. I did love her and show her how life "works" to some extent, but she didn't see it. I was basically the maid in her household, and a money-having enabler. She didnt bleed me dry money wise by force, but she manipulated me into doing things voluntarily; which enables her saying "I never told you to". And she is also right with that. Oh, the damn love games.... The last message I received from a friend, today, was about how I gave her an STD. Remember the part about her BPD and her EX and his hooker fiancee? Wikipedia and medical textbooks and all reports from sufferers and victims say: [substance]() or [alcohol abuse](), [eating disorders](), [unprotected sex]() or [indiscriminate sex with multiple partners](), [reckless spending](), and [reckless driving](). She admitted to and showed all of the above but spending; she booked holiday flights to somewhere, and never went, because reasons. That could mean reckless spending. I dont care. But I remember. So she insults me in this message and ordering me \[indirectly, addressing this friend to "go and tell him \[me\]"\] to get to a doctor asap. I was done with her. This hoovering grinds me though. My lawyer told me, "nothing possible to do but get a cease and desist order" and that needs proof, factual proof as in, messages as hard copies, printed out, to show to the court. I do have the means to do so, and I have all messages archived, on my phone, external drives, and as extracted textfiles with time stamps. I did so after she discarded me the first time, when I read up a ton about BPD and got my actual lawyer in advance. Now I'm not scared to death, really. My anxiety is low, as it always was, because I see it as another "disturbance" really. But I am super positive that "there'll be much more to come", as she promised, were I to "run away from her and the child". The unborn. For which there exists no proof that it even exists. I was told multiple times to maybe post here, and you can tell from my writing style how hurt I once was, how much it still bothers and wrecks me that she can go around acting like I am a scumbag. I agree with my lawyer in many spots that "can't do anything if there's no harm done" but I am pretty sure she makes up all kinds of abuse stories and this and that, and tells them to people. My friend is perfect proof of that, as she always uses derogatives like "tell this ass" to address me, and she uses indirect ways, 3rd parties. I agree with my lawyer but at the same time think that I sound paranoid, just like her, in seeing her blackpainting me everywhere. Because she told people for a fact, what a scumbag I am. I had one woman friend message me and tell me what a scum I am before blocking me, unblocking me, and hearing me out for a minute, then blocking again. I already have legal advice, I just don't know if it's enough to say "let it go and let it be blocked", I don't know. I only have the means to block EVERY mutual friend permanently, which leaves my social life non existant, if I were to do that. I feel like it's actually helpful to have some friends around, but they are all possible subjects in the hoovering she may try. And she will grasp every little branch, as she already scared 3 friends away who were "this" \[close, tight\] with me. Talking to these friends does not cut it, as for some reason, they keep her around. Can't make or force people into taking your side, so I let them be. And then the attack comes and I block one of them after explaining the story quickly and then the next one falls. She is on a social crusade over nothing and she should actually be forced to be isolated, aka, locked up. Nothing is worse than smearing all over social media, nagging to friends, and complaining even after saying "I will and never WANT to see you in my life AGAIN; get the FUK out of my life!". So, I don't even know what to say, what I want. "Better legal advice"? Someone, again, for the millionst time, telling me to "sit it out and cut ties with everything". I do not know. I also left details out, as everything I need to write, will crash the reddit servers due to memory overload, I could write 200 million pages of what happened, what she did, what not, what she still is doing, etc and so on. Thx for reading, and take care guys. And gals. Get in touch with your doctor or counsellor for help with your anxiety. The legal system is not equipped to provide closure or mental health support for you, and no resolution will make the worry stop. You need a different kind of support for that. Your lawyer is correct: "nothing possible to do but get a cease and desist order" Nothing you're describing sounds illegal. It's _possible_ that telling your friends you gave her an STD is defamatory, but pursuing defamation claims is fraught at the best of times, and with no clear damage to your reputation or lost income, and with the risk that a lawsuit will just embolden your ex, it's probably not worth your time. It's also unlikely that repeated attempts to contact you _in this way_ are going to amount to harassment, as nothing here gives me the impression that a reasonable person would be put in fear, or distressed above and beyond hearing from an unwelcome ex. If your friends won't abide by your request not to hear from or about your ex, you have some hard decisions to make about whether you keep those friends in your life or not. Post deleted. No clear legal question