 I have a 7 year old son who means everything to me. When he was 2 years old I filed for joint custody and basically got hosed by the system. Almost a year and a half ago his mother wanted to move to Wisconsin from Albuquerque, New Mexico to be with family and a much higher paying job. As it was currently I had my son every weekend Friday through Sunday except the 4th weekend of the month he would stay with his mother. Holidays we alternated per our court agreement. However when she wanted to move she offered to drop all child support payments, she would fly him out to me during summer break from school and every other Christmas to spend with me. It actually amounted to more time with him then I currently was getting. A lot of what was holding me back professionally was that I was not willing to leave my son to another state. With this new plan she proposed it would give me more time with him and allow me to follow my fiancé and i's plans for a more providing and financially sound future. We agreed to terms and got a court order that put everything on paper. She moved and everything for the most part has been working as it should. However this last year in January My fiancé and I moved to Colorado to pursue a higher paying job (nearly double) as well as me going back to school for IT. Now she is stating nothing is valid in our court agreement because I moved. She now refuses to send him to me for Christmas this year stating she doesn't have the money and even if she did she wouldn't because I boke the agreement by moving. There is no clause stating I cant move she is just basing off the wording that says mother will fly child to father in Albuquerque NM. Its actually cheaper for her to fly him to Denver then ABQ but I'll digress its not the point. She also did not renew her membership to Our family wizard to record our conversations because she states she doesn't have the money. This normally wouldn't be a huge issue but she is very toxic, and abusive verbally which I would prefer to have on record. I do not know what to do. She is making up the rules as she sees fit to fit her agenda. Who do I go to for help? I cant afford a $200 /hr lawyer again I just finished paying off that $8000 debt. What do I do about the current court order since i'm now in a different state. Is it really void? Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated.  [removed] It says in the OP that they moved in January.  [deleted]  'm now in a different state. Is it really void? Probably not, but it's hard to say without seeing the whole order. Either way, it's likely that a judge would just modify it to say Denver or Father's location. Unfortunately, she's got you by the balls a bit here from a practical perspective. You're going to have to shell out for a lawyer and fight from far away. Paying for the flight is probably going to be the easiest and cheapest way out. Definitely check on what your child support obligations would be as well. If you're on the hook for 10k a year it makes no sense to fight over 1k worth of flights.  You need an attorney to review your court orders and give you options. She is most likely incorrect that the court orders are not in force. But, your biggest problem is going to be that since you have moved out of the state that held jurisdiction over the custody orders, she is now free to petition the courts to have jurisdiction established in the new home state of the child. So, if you move to have her held in contempt on New Mexico, her obvious response would be to request New Mexico to release jurisdiction so that Wisconsin can take over. So, that leaves open the question as to what PRACTICAL recourse you have. And, that's a question only answered by your attorney. Custody issues of this depth will likely not be solved without an attorney. Does the current agreement address your move? Or locations directly? If not then you may argue the current agreement still applies despite the change in location. But you may need to go to court over the difference of opinion about or even her failure to uphold that agreement. If so (and perhaps even if not) you need a new or amended agreement accounting for the changed circumstances. 