 Hi /r/legaladvice, Thanks in advance for reading what I assume is going to be a fairly long and involved story about my experience thus far as a tenant in Oakland. I moved into this apartment 3 years ago. Prior to this, my wife and I had spent a year living in what was essentially an illegal basement unit with no windows, and two cats, after searching non-stop for 2 years for something affordable in Oakland. We found a 2 bedroom on Craigslist in a great neighborhood, it seemed like a dream. There was plenty of space, a washer and dryer, a dishwasher, a patio, and best of all we could afford it. We were willing to do whatever it took to get into this place. So, when the landlords let us know they had chosen us under the contingency that we would be paying nearly triple the advertised deposit amount "to be sure we were financially able to afford rent," we swallowed that difficult fact and went into debt in order to be able to move in. When we went to pick up our keys, we discovered that the landlords' daughter lived in the unit below us. She seemed like a sweet girl. About a week after moving in, we got the first taste of the new landlord-tenant-relationship we had signed up for. We got an email from our landlords stating that were being "put on notice". Apparently there had been several noise complaints about us since we moved into the unit, and that dogs are not permitted under our lease. That we were to remedy these two issues immediately, or the next time they contacted us it would be with an eviction notice. I replied to the message as politely as I could: stating that we had been watching TV and listening to music at normal volumes during daytime hours, and that we did not have any dogs— just the two cats we had agreed upon in our lease. My landlord replied to the message stating that she was "just making sure" and that I should "be aware of these things and how they impact other tenants in the unit." Thus began a near constant stream of intimidating emails about various things they'd noticed while being around the apartment "doing work on a unit" or that they'd had "reported to them by other tenants". Our first couple of months living in the place, we had a couple of incidents where we had forgotten to bring our trash to the curb. It was extremely annoying for us, as you can imagine, but to our landlords it was an evict-able offense. Each time it happened, we received pictures of our trash cans in the backyard. Trash left in the cans for too long will cause an infestation that we will be financially liable for remedying, they told us. One morning, my wife had stomach pains so intense I had to rush her to the hospital. It happened to also be trash day. I had gotten into the habit of taking the cans up at 6AM when I'd get up for work, but my wife woke me at 5:00AM. When I came back that morning, I found the landlord's daughter in the backyard taking pictures of our trash cans. For a while, not a week would go by without my landlord texting me that we were being too loud. Everyone in the household works for the entire week, and we're all home on weekends. I would receive texts during the day on weekends letting me know that we were too loud and the other tenants were complaining. It was such a perplexing experience interacting with their daughter, who was so seemingly nice in person, knowing that she was constantly sicking her parents on us to intimidate us. I want to stress this, I know this seems one sided. Reading this, it probably seems like we're just unaware of how loud we are to the poor downstairs tenant. Their daughter moved out after our first year in the apartment, and we stopped receiving these types of texts. New tenants have moved in since, and we haven't received a single threatening text about noise ever since. But we \_did\_ get threatening texts from the landlords when the unit was empty, and they were here doing work on it. One time, the work downstairs was so loud that my roommate turned up his music to drown it out. So my landlord, naturally, came and rang on our doorbell and told us that we needed to keep it down without a single hint of irony in his voice (there's two of them, a husband and wife, and they co-landlord. The husband does all of the house work, and she sends all of the intimidating emails). One time we discovered that the doors underneath our sink were screwed shut and we thought, "huh, why is that like that?" We took out the screws, and opened the door, to find an exposed electrical wire (rubber coated, mind you) running the horizontal length of the sink. You know, directly beneath water pipes. We took a picture of it and asked them if someone could come, I don't know, at least secure it a little better? So the husband came out here and slammed around in our kitchen for 5 minutes, said "ok all fixed" whilst being very visibly pissed off, and left. He did nothing but screw the doors back shut, then send us yet another threatening email 30 minutes after leaving stating that the wiring was "up to code" and that we needed to stay out of those cabinets because they were screwed shut for a reason. Most recently, they came here to "check the smoke detectors" and told us to let them know if there were any other problems so they could fix them while they're here. We let them know that our garbage disposal rattles and causes the kitchen light to flicker when it's turned on, that the plug outlet in the bathroom doesn't seem to work, and that the breaker in the kitchen blows if you run dishwasher and the microwave at the same time. Their response was, "the garbage disposal rattles because you clearly ran it with silverware in there. Trust us, we've seen this before. We'll only fix it if you pay for it. There's nothing we can do about the electrical issues. Oh and we purchased \_very expensive\_ 10-year carbon monoxide detectors for you, so be grateful." Yes, I'm paraphrasing, but the original email isn't any less petty. During the rainy season last year, the ceiling caved in in two places. Above our front entryway and above the couch in our living room. We told them and they came and cleaned up any evidence that the ceiling caved in immediately. We said we were concerned about asbestos and they laughed at us. I didn't bother to bring up that I'd read online they were supposed to replace our couch and pay for a hotel for us to stay at, because I know they'd respond negatively and I don't really feel like I have any power to do anything. I can't afford a lawyer. I'm afraid they'd retaliate if I went to the rent board or called a property inspector. I get the feeling that they've been sending me intimidating emails for so long to amass a paper trail of us being terrible tenants so they can evict us if there's ever any sign we'll try to fight back against them. I should also mention that we're not entirely innocent. There is one time I was out of town for work, and they came to do their "smoke detectors thing." My roommate had apparently been smoking on the porch and left cigarette butts out there. I feel like this has given them a lot of leverage over us as well, since they were nice enough no to evict us when they found us in clear violation of our lease. I'm not sure how much this hurts my ability to push back. Whenever I tell people these stories, they say "why don't you just move out?" The fact of the matter is, this is the best place we've found that's affordable. It's super convenient. I've got a fast commute. It does have some extra things that make my life a little bit easier. Moving is expensive. We'd prefer to just be able to live here and be left alone. My question is— is there anything I can do to get these people to stop pushing me around? Is there power I have to feel a little bit safer in my living arrangement? This is comically long and it doesn't seem like you have a legal question here. Stop replying to their stupid emails. Comply with the written terms of your lease w/r/t trash, maintenance, etc. Show up in court with a lawyer (Oakland tenants union can provide a referral) if they file eviction. And they did a terrible job, hence the lack of responses. Op should keep it to 7 sentences with a clear legal question. OP is attempting to explain the points of his relationship to provide members of this sub with as much information as possible. I fail to see a problem with the post. I don’t understand what you want to happen. You can’t sue your landlord and have the result be that they’re never allowed to talk to you again and they can’t evict you. They sound annoying though. But they come with the apartment.  With what you posted they actually sound like great landlords. (Other than the trash can complaints)The one thing I would recommend is report the electrical issues for repairs. How was the couch ruined? If it was due to their negligence you may be able to go after them for the cost or use rental insurance if an act of nature.  So far it doesnt sound like they've done anything illegal. If there are active code violations then you can pressure them to get those fixed. But stuff happens, get renters insurance.  I have tried posting with "just pertinent details" before and people basically blamed everything on me. But here you go. My landlords are a constant intimidating presence in my life. They do things like: - Send me intimidating emails threatening eviction because they claim music is too loud - Have threatened eviction on multiple occasions because we forgot to take the garbage bins to the curb on trash day There is concealed shotty workmanship in the apatment: - The ceiling caved in in two places during rainy season. They came out within an hour and swept up any debris immediately. They fixed the ceiling but never once offered to compensate us for damaged property. - There's an exposed electrical wire under our sink. We have been caught with a legitimate lease violation once: - I was out of town traveling for work, missed an email that they'd be entering the apartment, and my roommate had smoked on our porch and left cigarette butts out there. EDIT: I guess I should also mention that I'd prefer not to move out. There are many things about living here that make my life easier. I'm just wondering if there's a way to get them to leave me alone and stop with the threats and intimidation. This is entirely too long. Cut it down to maybe a paragraph with ONLY the pertinent details. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.