 First of all I can make a solid argument that it wasn’t even on private property, but that’s besides the point. I don’t even know who called for the car to be towed or who took it or where it is. I barely work enough to make the MINIMUM requirements meet every month (rent, utilities which I’m always late on, food, water, and gas for my newer car, literally nothing else) so I have no means of getting the car out, or paying on the loan, I struggle with eating once a day as it is. But I’m not here to talk about my financial situation, my point is that I can’t afford to get the car out, I can’t junk it, I’m behind on payments for that loan, and I’m not able to make the payment that they want because they are absolutely unwilling to work with me. Anyway. I have asked the city/police department, they don’t have it and can’t give me information. I went to the place who’s “private property” it was and no body even knows who owns it because it’s just a fenced in lot, no home, no business, nothing. I asked around if anyone has any idea on what tow company it could be, and no one fucking knows. What pisses me off more is that there are TWO two companies on that street and they didn’t just use them. They could have just pushed the goddamn car across the street into the lot. Anyway, I called all the tow companies in the city and no one has any idea as to where the fuck it is. So what do I do? What legal means does this creditor have to take, because I don’t have assets besides the newer car, which I didn’t even have when I got the loan so it’s not under any legal paperwork between us I don’t imagine. But I don’t know. The creditor is OMF if that helps because apparently they are a popular institution.  Btw I found the car and I won my case of it being towed illegally.  I’m aware and dont care. I told them to send it to collections after they get the car. I’d rather deal with them.  Unfortunately they will auction it and you will still be responsible for the loan amount beyond what they got in the auction. If they want working parts they are shit out of luck.  Stealing your car might be a way to have spare parts for theirs. To be honest i hope so because that would be best case scenario.  "I have no means of ..... paying on the loan" "I’m behind on payments for that loan" Perhaps its been repossessed? [removed] I honestly highly doubt someone would go through all that trouble for that piece of scrap. Like maybe if this were KY, then maybe, just to rebuild it, but in NJ, absolutely not. The car is 23 years old, the original paint is almost all gone, it didn’t run, and the inside of it had more trash than a dumpsite. Like they stole a burden. Lol As already said report the car as stolen. All towed are supposed to be reported to the local police just to prevent such situations. Theifs have tow trucks too ya know. Easiest way to steal a car is to pretend to tow it, their is a chance your car is gone for good.  r car is effectively stolen in this situation. Report it stolen, get a police report, then let your insurance company know. Read over this, %20Briefs/what-you-should-know-about-getting-towed.pdf It sounds like there was no sign, so for starters its an illegal tow. Read this as well, From what you said, it sounds like a crime has happened, report the car stolen to the police, then let them figure out the actual crime. If there is an illegal tow, you will likely get the car back for free. If it is stolen, car insurance would pay out, if you have that level of insurance.  I spoke with the police department and they said if it was with a private company they dont have the information and I would have to ask the property own the company. Which I did. In my city the police use a specific company if it’s on public property. When I spoke with the business across the street from the property the car was towed they said there was a new owner and he called to have the car towed. But they literally have no other information.  Tow companies have to alert the police when they tow a car. Report the car as stolen. If they cannot find it in their system, then it likely is stolen, No the company across the street saw the car towed by “a company” and doesn’t remember which.  Have you considered that your car may have been stolen and not towed?