 What's my next step? Obtain a lawyer or call the facility? It's too late to do anything about it. File a complaint with the facility if you want to, but that's all you can do. Just gathering info, I appreciate your time What if you weren't scouring your past for a potential payday that isn't going to happen? What if it could be proven it lead to a mental breakdown? How cringey.  That’s a HIPAA violation, report it. You're right about that but she was probably not older than 19, and I got the feeling she thought I'd find it romantic or something.  Weird. She would have done as well to say, "I remembered your name and the magic of Facebook did the rest." My FB tries to put me in touch with people who have theoretically visited the same Walgreens as me sometime within the last 3 weeks. Like, just hardcore 5 degrees of separation, "People you might know because their friend's aunt's BIL is your next door neighbors podiatrist."  Okay, thank you.  HIPAA is federal law. The time to report it is 180 days from the incident. There is no private cause of action under HIPAA. Statute of limitations is six years in KY, I believe. I'm no longer in the state.  You could move on with your life. Next time someone inappropriately accesses your medical information you can report this to the facility and to HHS via a HIPAA complaint. She admitted as much Fragile mental state Youd file a complaint online, but there's very little chance it's investigated so far down the line. You don't need an attorney to just report a HIPAA violation. You will probably not hear about the response to or resolution of the complaint if either happen.  We had a whole convo. At first I asked her how she got the info and she admitted it. Then I chewed her out for doing what she did What? She messaged you 3 or 4 years ago, and you're just now looking to do something about it?  Both happened within days of eachother How do you know that's where she got your information from? It's been 4 years, why are you bringing it up now? So three or four years ago you got one Facebook message and nothing else since?  Contacted you IRT what? Where are you located? The contact was 3-4 years ago or the mental facility visit?