 If you need the entirety of my experience with my dad, warning it's long: =reddit-android I have been dealing with this, and I am so sick of his BS, I want to know what I can do if he comes back. My mom has a restraining order except for friendly contact, and has the ability to withold visitation, but it still hurts us what he does to this family even if we don't go to see him. Long story short, my dad has a history of being abusive mentally and emotionally to us and our mother, and called the police on himself for it amd stayed in jail for less than a month when I was in Elementary school, which was the catalyst to my parent's divorce, during the divorce he always bad talked my mother and exhibited more toxic behavior, he molested me in 7th grade while his retaliation to my mother was going on and I didn't tell anyone until 9th grade, I am now in college and have never gone to the authorities about it. He was diagnosed bipolar during the divorce, and has recently gone off the deep end and is now diagnosed schizophrenic. My mother believes he is dangerous to us mentally and physically and has kept us from seeing him this year, she is allowed to do this according to their custody agreement. My mother has tried to baker act him, but since the authorities found no evidence for him being currently dangerous to himself or others, they were unable to do anything. He has called the police a few times when he was paranoid he was being watched or when he swore my brother "swallowed a demonic pill" and they know he has issues, but again they have no evidence he is a threat so they can't do anything. He is also really good at "acting" normal when he needs to. He just moved to another state because he "feels like we abandoned him," part of this guilt-tripping tactic aspect of his abusive nature. He is not currently a worry to me so long as he is not in our state now. Thing is, he has gone to that state twice before and always comes back because he runs out of things to mess up there. My concern is that when he comes back, he will start screwing with us again as much as he can while still keeping it "legal", and will exert his controlling nature to us as far as he possibly can in order to try and pull us back in. My Questions: In the case that he comes back to Florida, can I come out about his molesting me to the authorities as proof that he is a danger to get him baker acted so he can finally get some help? Is it too late for it to matter any more? (it's been about 7 years since the two molestation incidents) Again, this is Florida and I really at this time don't want to take any action or deal with him unless he comes back. I'm on mobile, sorry if the formatting is off.