 2 years ago 2 men moved into my neighborhood. They have a big Rottweiler that they walked along my fence. Usually no biggie, lots of people walk dogs there. However these guys walked right next to my fence, and my dog would run along the fence in my yard. The men would treat it like a training session, I guess. They'd demand that their dog pay no attention to my dog, yelling and jerking their dog around. It was a nuisance, so I fenced off that part of the yard to my dog. Some time later, one of the men tells me my dog got out and bit him. He came into my fenced yard to tell me. He was wearing shorts and I couldn't see any wounds. It went downhill, they called the cops and their attorney. My dog got quarantined, I paid over $500 in fines. Cops told them to not walk their dog along my fence. We turned in a claim to our insurance and let it go. That was last summer. A couple of months ago these men started walking by again. Ok, whatever. But every time they saw me they'd threaten me, saying things like "you better not come off your property" while unleashing the Rottweiler. And a ton of personal insults about me, about my house,my dog. It got to where I was afraid to go outside. I stopped walking my dog, I was afraid to let my kids walk the dog. We've lived in the neighborhood for 15 years, no problems. Kids go to school here, hubs works here, I volunteer at the school and in the parks here. I feel like they are trying to run us out. So I filed for a no contact order and was given a temporary one for two weeks. Court is tomorrow. I don't have a lawyer. What should I expect? Do I have to give opening and closing statements? I don't have witnesses or anything. I have a photo of one guy with the Rottie unleashed, and a short, not great video of the other guy standing in the road yelling at me while I'm trying to call 911. I expect both of them to have a lawyer, and from my previous encounters I expect they are going to be savage. I mean, I'm not even sure the dog bite happened, but we paid and followed all the orders. So, who knows what they will say in court. Any advice? I haven't spent any time in courtrooms. I know to address the judge as "Your Honor" and to stick to facts, not get emotional. That will be the hardest for me. I'm pretty anxious, if/when they start tearing into me, it's gonna be super hard. Thanks Reddit!