 I had allowed my mom’s boyfriend to register his truck under my name and 2 months ago he had told us that it was stolen. Me nor my mom were home when this happened so we believed him. We went to the police station to file a report and they told us it was involved in a hit and run. So he lied to us. Now I have to talk to an officer tomorrow morning because they have some questions and I want to tell them the whole truth. But I’m afraid that I’ll get into trouble because I didn’t report him. Also should I get a lawyer before saying the whole truth just in case? My mom is pressuring me to stick to a certain story because she thinks we’ll go to jail if I say something different but I know the right thing to do is tell them everything. But I have much to lose so yes I’m getting an attorney and clearing my name  Maybe, but it is done - so learn from it and move on. Certainly go get a lawyer though - tell them everything and do what they tell you to do in re the police  Then don't talk to the police without an attorney. You have revealed nothing you have to gain by talking to the police. This is all my fault. If I wasn’t so stupid or trusting or if I put my foot down and said no I wouldn’t be in this mess  Or go get a lawyer and do exactly what they tell you to do Based on him needing you to register the vehicle pretty much tells you his legal status Then do what you must to protect yourself legally. That's what's most important at this juncture. She already chose him over me. She doesn’t understand how this can ruin my life. She’s like “oh he made a mistake and I’m sure he’s learned his lesson” Like noooo this isn’t some petty crime this can really destroy me!!  Talk to a lawyer. Don't say anything to the cops without the lawyer's advice. And be prepared for your mother to choose her boyfriend over you. He’s afraid of getting deported. Idk much about him, I don’t talk to him much because he has a very heavy accent so it’s hard to understand. I don’t know if he’s here legally or not. God I’m so screwed  The police said witnesses saw an Hispanic male flee the scene so they can’t say that I did it. The only reason I’m involved is because the car is under my name. I’m telling them the truth I’m not putting my freedom and future in jeopardy because my mom wants to protect him when worse can happen to me. Well, if her boyfriend committed a hit and run, he may go to jail. There's a reason why he wanted to put the truck under your name - he wasn't legally able to put it under his own. That means he was skirting the law in the first place and made you an accomplice to it. The police are investigating a crime. You (much less we) do not know if they are investigating you, your mother, her boyfriend, or all three. Obstruction of justice, filing a false police report, hit and run, leaving the scene of an accident and fraud are all possibilities, as well as stuff I'm not even thinking of. You (much less we) also do not know what information the police already have (true or not). Maybe the boyfriend already told them that it was you who took the car. You telling them the truth may lead to confirmation to the police that you have committed a crime. You lying to the police may result in additional charges. You do not have an obligation to speak to the police, so you should decline their invitation to do so, and you should speak to an attorney. I definitely wanna tell the truth but she just wants to protect him. I wanna do the right thing and she thinks we’ll all go to jail.  Get a lawyer. Do what they tell you, and don't listen to your mother, because her advice to lie to the police will only result in more trouble for you.