 Hi all FYI, I am in NYC. For the past year or so my neighbors below me (I'm on the third floor of a walkup), have been smoking so much weed that it comes up through my (and all my roommate's) heaters and will not dissipate until we open all our windows and start blasting fans. Even if it's below 30F outside we will do this because it is more comfortable to deal with temporary cold than sit in the filthy air creeping up. Because this was an issue last year as well, the building's repairman even helped out a bit and put sealant on any openings by the heater, but unfortunately it has not helped much. It's even gotten to the point that we have taken our own towels and smother the heaters to prevent more of the smell from coming in. Now, I am not against smoking weed (I smoke occasionally), but if I had a neighbor who was uncomfortable with my smoking I would be absolutely mortified and would stop immediately. But not these girls. I have the phone number of one of them downstairs and have asked multiple times for them to take it to a well ventilated area instead. I'm often met with ("oh sorry" to "there's no one smoking here, sorry!" to "I'll tell them to do it somewhere else"). I could hear one of them one night boasting about how they bought an ounce of weed and would smoke it all pretty quickly (which led to my roommates and I being inundated with smoke at 8 am). They also smoke cigarettes as well. Also, the real kicker is that they have instagram posts showing their weed pipes and cigarette packs in their rooms, as well as drinking on the subway, AND a marijuana growing (one plant) in their room. I have screenshots of all of this too. The super for our building has talked to them in person twice already, but at times the smoking seems to get even worse. I have the feeling that because I'm in NYC, law enforcement will not give a shit about this but I am seriously at my wits end. I hate coming home, opening my door, and feeling like I live with a skunk and that I then have to let in freezing air just so I can get rid of the smell. So, any suggested next steps to nip this in the butt will be truly appreciated.  I would suggest moving. Trust me you will not win here. Any landlord that sees pot growing in their building has reason to be concerned can't assume it's just a single plant. Cops will respond to a smell complaint. IANAL: Your Super should be the most effective resource to stop it. I don’t think there is any outside legal resource you could use to make them stop. Since they would just go through the Super and building rules anyway. It sounds like the Super is trying to help at least, and getting the repairman to apply a fix is a great start. It proves they are aware there is a problem. I would start the discussion there and see if there was more he’d be willing to do (move you to a different unit? Designate a smoking area outside?) I know its also hard to talk to your neighbors, especially without showing your frustration on your face. However, it doesn’t sound like this has escalated beyond a point where you could try to reason with them. it might be worth trying to bring a peace offering, “hey, i had some extra snacks that my parents bought me and i wanted to share. I don’t want to be a nagging neighbor, and i know you guys are trying to help. But we just can’t keep the haze out of our rooms upstairs. Is there anything you can do to help?”  One weed plant would take a negligible amount of power to grow, and I’m genuinely curious as to how you think it is “likely damaging the property” NYC police policy is to not even stop people smoking weed in public. EDIT: New York City will end marijuana arrests for most people -  If they are growing, and doing it properly, that is likely damaging the property and causing a lot of smell too. Is electricity included in your rent? The power consumption could be costing your landlord a pretty penny or they could be illegally taking power from elsewhere. These people don't sound too bright but it's certainly a cause for concern for your landlord.  Likewise on the civil debate. :) Your house was raided??? That's awful! I have mixed feelings on police. On the one hand, they should be reasonable, know the law, and treat people with respect. On the other hand, there are many cases of cops acting illegally for years with their buddies protecting them. It's unfortunate that this group we're supposed to be able to trust might not help at all or might have an unsafely aggressive response and there's no way to know which will happen. It's like dealing with a bipolar person with guns that you know will have no consequences if things go badly.   't mean lie to the cops  It was auto correct. I was just trying to say that they should tell the truth to the police. The person I was discussing this with, saw my correction made me chuckle with a kind phrase.  I’m not seeing anything that would clarify that statement Scroll down  ed Goldstein Would you mind clarifying that phrase? Thank you for your thoughts. It was nice to have a civil debate for once. I can see your point/approach. As person that has had their house raided because of a neighbor's "concerns"; I feel passionately about this topic. However, my neighbors never confronted me nor did the landlord. Result: life flipped upside down.  Autocorrect gets the best of us.  By “Then they should stop being idiots”, I mean they are responsible for the consequences of their actions if the police are called. OP doesn’t know if they are or are not dealing, just that they grow cannabis, smoke it all the time, and won’t stop. OP had asked them to stop. Management had asked them to stop. If OP calls the cops and says they may be dealing, there is a higher chance that the cops will investigate. OP saying this does not mean they will be charged with dealing, or are guilty of it. The cops will come, investigate them, and come to a conclusion. Why is everyone so defensive of these jackasses? OP has made it clear that every avenue has been pursued besides calling the cops. At this point, the people need to face the music.  It's not necessarily a lie. Idk if OP thinks they're dealing or not. Saying "They've posted online that they're growing a pot plant. I'm concerned they might be dealing drugs." Isn't lying to the cops. The cops can determine if the Instagram posts indicate any higher level crimes. It's not reasonable for every person to know what a police department thinks of certain quantities of drugs. You report the crime. You can mention your concerns/fears. The cops will (hopefully) act accordingly.  My apologies for the previous auto correct bs answer. I agree. So just tell the police the truth; rather than lie. I agree. So just don't lie about it; ed Goldstein to the cops, the TRUTH. I assume the cops know that too and will act accordingly. You can grow 1 to 2 plants without being suspected of dealing, in NYC. Still illegal, gir not drug dealers. Source: quick Google search.   Meanwhile, one comment before that, someone says that you shouldn't lie to the cops, to which you say I laughed OP can just say to the cops that the fact they're bragging online about growing a plant makes them suspect dealing. The cops can agree or disagree with that conclusion. And if the girls didn't want their lives ruined then they shouldn't piss people off with their illegal activity. Most people don't care if others do drugs or drink underaged as long as their activities aren't bothering others. These girls have had several warnings from multiple sources (including their landlord!) to stop doing illegal activities (or to hide it better by investing in a HEPA filter or something). They've refused to do anything to fix their harm to others. They deserve the police to be sicced on them. I didn’t mean lie to the cops, I think that this person is plausibly dealing, considering how much they’re smoking, and the fact that they are growing. Note that I said “suspect”, not “they are dealing drugs”. But you’re right. I edited my comment for clarity. Thanks for the feedback.  Listen. I understand they are being idiots. Go ahead call the cops. But to LIE about it say someone is DEALING is not okay. I'm in, CO, even though it's legal; it's NOT okay to deal. Call me chaotic good; but I don't believe in lying to the police about felonies to get someone arrested for a misdemeanor.  Your advice was to lie to the cops to get the response desired. This is horrible advice. Then they should stop being idiots... Cannabis is not legal in NY, and that, coupled with the people being obnoxious certainly warrants calling the cops. OP tried to be nice, these people clearly could care less. So call the cops.  Say that you suspect them of dealing!?! Wtf!?! You can seriously ruin someone's life with this lie! You might be right about the cops having more important things to do, but you won’t know until you try. [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.