 Okay so here's the situation: A church on a particular street is apparently allowed to double park on Sundays for church, this was indicated by a seemingly official permit in the windshield of all the cars double parked up and down the street. I was parked in a 2hr max spot (no meter), unless you display a resident sticker, and was not able to move my car. I didn't know beforehand the church double parked on Sunday, no big deal though, I had things to do, and left my car as I was told the city rarely tickets cars anyway in this part of town. My friends and I used their car to go about our day. When I returned that evening I received a $182 ticket for being overtime and not displaying a resident sticker. This was an enhanced fine because it was a game day at the Orioles Stadium/Camden Yards, which is nearby. I also attempted to contact the church explaining that I'm not blaming them, I just want documentation of their "permits" to show the court. They have ignored all my calls though. I have a court date in a week, and have pictures of the entire street double parked on a Sunday. Should I plead Guilty, or Not Guilty? I ordinarily would just pay the ticket to avoid the nuisance of going to court, but I was genuinely upset that I tried to move my car, wasn't able to, and received what, in my opinion, is a very steep parking ticket. Any other tips would be very much appreciated. Really don't want to sacrifice 1.5 days pay for something I'm not responsible for.  Court is never better than 50/50 odds.... I do have very detailed Google Timeline Data, but it just shows I was there. Was hoping for better than 50/50 odds, but thanks for the advice. Any input on whether I should plead guilty or not guilty? In that case, I would give you maybe 50/50 odds. The worst that happens is you have to pay the fine anyways. If you have an Android and a Google account you can log into Google Maps and show a history of everywhere you've been. Maybe bring that into court and hope for a sympathetic judge. I parked at 8:30am, I attempted to move it at 10am and couldn't. Left to do other things, returned no later than 2pm, and the ticket was written at 1:09pm. I'm really not trying to abuse the system here and understand why they have the parking regulation. I just feel cheated by the City of Baltimore for it being such a steep fine when I genuinely tried to obey the law.  How long was your car left before you attempted to move it and found yourself blocked in? I could see "I parked at 9am. I returned at 10:30am and found my car blocked in. I was not able to move my car until the vehicle blocking me in left at 5pm" working, maybe, but "I parked at 9am and was told I would be blocked in so I didn't return to my car until 5pm" probably ain't gonna fly. eta: even in the first scenario, I would still be raising hell about being blocked in by calling the parking enforcement and asking for the other car to be towed. Waiting all day to do something is still a weak argument. They were definitely morning services. My argument, I guess, is that I shouldn't be expected to wait around for several hours until they move their car so I can leave, when double parking generally is not allowed. Also worth noting there are no signs on the street that indicate this practice. Please let me know if you see things differently though. Many thanks.  If they were morning services, then your car was still parked until that evening. The ticket may be relevant for the time it wasn't blocked in until the evening. Not sure, but is that relevant in the eyes of the court?  How long were the church services?