 My boss isn’t paying me. Both of the checks bounced. It is happening to many of us but we are all desperate for the supposed “money to be transferred to the bank.” Im currently looking for another job but this guy that hired me is essentially getting free work out of al the people he has not paid. I’m in marketing in DFW, Texas. A guy that worked as the manager of a restaurant we were supposed to be opening found mugshots and reports that he used to run this con job in Florida. The doors of the restaurant have been locked due to nonpayment. What do I do? Go to the police, get a lawyer? I’m out thousands in payment. (Ill admit, I’m a naive and gullible girl but believed all his excuses.) I want to go about this the right way. The paycheck I was given Friday bounced too. Any advice? Oh yeah, and it’s not like he’s scared and just going bankrupt. He just hired a new person yesterday and put up a new job opening 22hours ago.  Great, thank you for the advice, checking it out now.  Check if you're covered by the FLSA (most workers are but there is certain outliers) and file a complaint with the Texas Department of Labor. They'll get you your back pay(up to 2-3 years after it's been owed) and your boss will have to cover any court costs. IANAL but I've got some knowledge on the subject, my boss owes me back pay as well. Ok perfect, that’s exactly what I needed to know! No worries and I'm sorry this is happening! Right now the cops can't really do too much, this is ostensibly a civil matter. Once the labor board gets involved the situation may change. Definitely file, and see a lawyer. Don't talk about it, especially not near the boss, without talking to counsel. It might be okay to get a few other employees you trust in on the labor lawyer consult.  Ok cool. So do that instead of going to cops etc? I’m playing dumb and am not acting like I know anything. Thanks for your reply! I was thinking maybe he would possibly get in legal trouble since he’s done this before and has been arrested for it. The money thing sucks but I don’t plan on ever getting it back anyway, I at least want him to go down. (He hires ppl, they work for 2 weeks at least and he has no intention of ever paying anyone) The Texas Workforce Commission pursues wage claims. You should make a report to them.  You can file a wage complaint with the DOL in Texas. But honestly there is a very good chance you'll never see that money if he's truly bankrupt. Him hiring people and putting up job notices is totally irrelevant, it's not good if your check is bouncing.  See a lawyer. This is very very illegal. For some basics: But move fast, because it's illegal enough that it's obvious he is going to try to skip on this, because there's no way this is an oopsie. 