 I'm not really sure if there's any legal recourse here but she paid for an inspection that clearly wasn't done, and put her in danger. The cost to fix these issues is over $1k at this point. Any advice would be appreciated. Most inspections only cover exhaust , brakes, tyres, tracking, bodywork and emissions. But not the engine  I was replying to another comment that is now gone, making my comment look bad lol This sounds like you picked up a vehicle that’s been pastured and then drove it without doing the necessary maintenance to get it roadworthy again. How did you get it to the inspection? How long have you been using it prior to the inspection. If you bought a junker and expected a basic safety inspection to certify it as roadworthy thats your own mistake and lucky it was only tires and rotors and not the motor locking up.  OP posted them in a mechanical advice sub, not here. Some disagreement over there on if the pictures might or might not indicate a problem, if there was one the problem wasn't necessarily serious, and whether the garage was responsible or not. One thing that PA state inspections DO cover is tread on a tire. There's a minimum depth for tread. But tires splitting sounds like old rubber, which wasn't an issue until they heated up to highway speeds at MOST you would be entitled to a return of the price of the inspection. You could ask for the money back but if the garage says no, it's not going to be worth your time or money to sue for the return of the inspection fee. Even if that's true, how is this information of any use to the OP, who lives in Pennsylvania? Oh I might have missed it. I posted this in a few places cuz I'm not sure where it belongs. I'll go back through and check. Thanks! In California of all places, there is no state inspection.  You didn’t read the link I posted? How old were her tires? Using the brakes keeps the rust down, how old is her car? Had her car been sitting for years?  They aren't required to check rotors or brake pads in PA? That seems....terrible haha The car met the state requirement, and the shop confirmed that, as that was their only duty. Beyond that, it's out of their control [removed] I don't see any pictures? Another user mentioned rust isn't an issue with rotors so I posted a picture of what the garage that we brought it to sent us claiming the rotors needed to be replaced ....hoping they can help me see if what they sent makes sense  [removed] What was the inspection supposed to encompass? It sound like at most she'd be entitled to a refund of the cost of the inspection unless the shop did something to cause the car to malfunction.  Rust isn’t an issue with rotors, and the tire inspection consists of tread depth measurement. Yes. State inspection. A garage did a state inspection and told her everything was good to go. But. ... obviously that was not the case unfortunately What type of "inspection" was this? Did she pay for this inspection?