 So when it comes to law, I'm usually pretty affluent know most of what I'm talking about, but I can't find much that really relates to what I'm going through exactly, so I'm here for advice on the basis of legality. Let me begin: so throughout this summer, I was dating a "married woman" (I know, horrible, trust me). In my defense, she told me all summer that she was getting a divorce, so I stayed with her. I saw text messages to her husband, that prompted me to believe that she was getting a divorce also, so it wasn't just me advocating that she cheat on me, because I truly thought that she was leaving her husband. Her her husband have a child together, and of course, her husband found out and isn't happy. One time, her I got into a really bad argument, because I found out she'd been sleeping with somebody else (I'm not asking for relationship advice here, I know this whole situation is messed up I just want black and white answers about legality.) I said some things to her that I can't take back, I wish I wouldn't have said, because I didn't mean them. Of course, she showed them to her husband, he said that he would never let their son around me again if she got back with me. I understand, that as a father, he has the jurisdiction to decide who his child is around. But since then, her I have been together for a while, not once have I threatened her, put my hands on her, raised my voice to her, etc. I was rightfully upset the one time I said 'mean' things to her. I have two questions here; 1) is a restraining order as simple as just applying? Even if you don't have full custody of the child? Because they're in the midst of a custody battle right now for the child, and if she wins majority, even 51%, does she have the ability to block the restraining order from being put into place? Or is he even able to put it into place? And 2) worst case scenario, if the restraining order is put into place, as the mother of the child, the one who has residual, majority custody, does she have the ability to have the restraining order lifted? I understand that an appeal process, standing in front of a judge would be necessary when applying for having the restraining order lifted, and her I are prepared for that, although we were wondering if he even has the ability to place a restraining order without full custody, and if so, if her I could just have the restraining order lifted in such circumstances. Again, I'm not asking for relationship advice, so please, only answers relating to restraining orders please. Thank you in advance!  There's a lot to unpack here. Affluent doesn't mean what you think it does and it makes your opening paragraph very funny. He can do a multitude of things to keep you away from the child. If a restraining order is put into place (there's a hearing before, not after they are granted) she can't just decide not to follow it, no matter how much custody she has. You are absolute poison to her divorce and custody proceedings, you should consider getting gone if you care about her outcomes.  IANAL but holy god man get out of that situation. The father is doing you a huge favor by pushing you out of the picture. I cannot fathom why you would want to be involved in the raising of a child of a woman who cheated on her father with you and then cheated on you. Take this free ticket out and get gone. 