 I took my 5 yo daughter to see the ENT (spring 2018) to check adenoids/tonsils due to suspected air obstruction during sleep. Until this appointment, my daughter enjoyed doctor visits and was calm, including vaccination visits. During this appointment, several things happened. From the moment the doctor walked in my daughter looked apprehensive and was visibly uptight. She moved from my lap to hide behind the chair. I thought this was odd but let it go since it was a new doctor. He and I chatted a bit about my concerns and eventually he stood up to take a look at my daughters throat. The entire ‘event’ took about five minutes but was a whirlwind of action. My daughter refused to come out so I picked her up and held her while the doctor attempted to look into her nose. She began crying and suddenly screamed, which startled me and she ran to the closed door , backing up against it. From this moment the doctor began shaking his finger at her and yelling with such intensity his face turned red and spit flew out of his mouth. (It landed on me which is how I noticed). This terrified my daughter more, and he continued to yell things that were not helpful (stop crying/what’s the matter with you/shut up and sit down). He grabbed my daughters face (the female nurse helped hold her) and shoved the flashlight point hard enough into her nose that blood poured out, to which he claimed he couldn’t see because of all the fuss. He “thought” there was some obstruction but couldn’t be sure. At this point I just wanted to get out, and said thanks, grabbed my daughter and tried to leave the room. On the way out he replied by jokingly offering me a strong drink to deal with my child. To say that I was livid would be an understatement and while I feel he was completely in the wrong, I’m nervous my reaction isn’t valid. When my husband called to complain to the office manager, the doctor got on the phone and played it off as though I was overreacting as a female, nothing happened and sorry that my husband had to deal with me during my “time of the month.” While both of us detest this doctor my husband says we need to let it go, leave the complaint with the office and just not go back. (The manager forgave the bill.) He doesn’t think there is any case to pursue and it’s just my word against the nurse and doctor. I’m having a hard time letting it go because now my daughter distrusts all doctors and is quite the unwilling participant for any visit. So this is still taking a toll on us both. Her regular pediatrician compared her recent visits with the notes from before this incident and said it Looked like she was suffering from trauma and should see a therapist to work with. I don’t believe this ENT should be allowed to work with children.  Whether anything further should be done/can be done aside form social media reviews.  [removed] She didn’t appear to trust this doctor. She had trusted them until this particular visit. As noted in the OP plus pediatrician’s notes for the past four years.  Not really, the pediatrician has notes on the scrapes inside her nose and her opinion but nothing aside from that which would be more substantial.  Good point Wow, this is all really upsetting and fucked up but it doesn’t really sound like this doctor did anything illegal. Sadly, people with that kind of money and social standing are often able to get away with being a huge asshole often and as a result, are huge assholes. I think the best course of action for you would be to leave negative reviews all over the internet and find women doctors for your daughter if you can, I know an ent is a specialist so that is maybe hard, but I’ve found women doctors are much less sarcastic and more compassionate in general  You can report the doctor to the medical board if you believe they did something wrong. Aside from that, do you have any quantifiable damages you could possibly sue for? It doesn't seem so from the OP.  Your daughter was upset the moment he walked in the door, she already distrusted doctors. You can call the heads of the clinic and state your opinion that he shouldn't work with kids.  What's your legal question?