 We have a young husky-mixed dog, a little over a year old. Callie was always super docile as a young pup. But on Mischief Night this year, some stupid teenagers got onto our property and thought it would be funny to throw rocks at Callie. We chased them off our lawn, but the damage was done. The past month, Callie has been an absolute nightmare to anyone coming in the yard, for any reason. She barks and tries to chase them off our property. We have an appointment with the vet to see if there’s anything that can be done to help her go back to her easygoing self. But in the meantime, we’ve been trying to keep her inside when people come around. Except for my father. He swears that she just “needs to get it out of her system”, and he lets her out whenever, even if there’s someone in the yard. Unfortunately, this has led to Callie biting two people: a UPS driver and the electrician. My father refuses to be reasoned with regarding Callie and letting her out. One of my friends told me that we had to do something, because we could be forced to put Callie down if her aggressive behavior continues, especially the biting. I know that we have to change her behavior and that I have to keep trying to explain fo my dad. But now I’m worried. Could we be forced to put her down if her aggressive behavior continues? TL;DR: some brats threw rocks at my dog, and now she’s super aggressive when someone comes onto the property. She has bitten two people. Could we actually be forced to put her down if this behavior continues? We’re in Pennsylvania if that matters. Thanks in advance.  Honestly, to call him an idiot is an understatement. I’ve referenced this sub more than once because of his bs. Not to make excuses, but how do I keep her away from him when I live with him? I’m genuinely curious if you have a recommendation. Do you think I should try to keep her with a friend until we have her in an obedience program?  Your father is a idiot. You need to keep him away from Callie. Some people get a savage pleasure out of letting their dog bite someone. One traumatic event is enough. For my dog, it was kids throwing rocks over the fence and taunting him. He was really docile until this happened. It took months to retrain him not to be aggressive. Eventually, he learned to hide behind me when meeting new people and this seemed to help him feel safe again. I had another dog who had been abused by kids that I also had to retrain. In her case, though, she didn't become aggressive, she would cower and run when kids were around. The traumatic event only happened once or twice when she was a puppy, but it had lifelong consequences for her and for the boy dog too.  Thank you for commenting. You have brought up some excellent points that will hopefully get through to him!  Thank you very much for your input. She’s not our first husky mix. We take her for two walks a day, so I’ll have to research other activities for her. Our vet has references for obedience schools that she’s going to provide for us.  The medical bills are an excellent point that I hadn’t considered. Our vet has references for obedience school ready for when we see her tomorrow. Thank you for responding.  To say my father is socially inept would be an understatement. We’re going to rule out health issues and get references from the vet to remedy the behavior because I don’t want her killed over this. Thank you for your advice.  Yes, this probably is BS, but one traumatic event can do it. This is not the first time my father’s idiocy has led me to this subreddit. Thank you for your input. Thank you for your response. The people she had bitten were understanding when we explained, because she had interacted with them previously with no issue. But that’s no reason to take it easy, in case she bites someone who does take action. The vet wants to see her to see that there’s nothing healthwise is going on, and she said she’ll have obedience school references ready for us. We’re seeing the vet tomorrow and will hopefully get her in a program asap.   Look, this is BS. You have a badly trained dog that's coming out of puppyhood. One incident doesn't traumatize your dog like that. Huskies are actually one of the more dangerous dogs and have pretty high bite statistics. They're even banned right next to some other notable breeds. The breed needs consistent training and huge amounts of exercise.  [Per the Pennsylvania Dept of Agriculture,](%20Dogs/Pages/default.aspx) if you dog is continually attacking people it can be labeled as a "Dangerous Dog," which means your father will have to register the dog with the state, pay a $500 fee yearly, and ensure the dog is in a secure enclosure. Failure to do so could result in confiscation of the dog and a misdemeanor for the owner. Bottomline, if your dad insists on not doing anything, it's going to be incredibly expensive for him down the line. Not only with fees, but with claims on his homeowner's insurance or a lawsuit from those who have been bitten. Yes, she can be put down because of this. However, your defense will be stronger if you’re proactive and start taking steps to reduce her aggression now. Start by getting her into obedience training, group or 1-on-1 (then you’ll have a professional witness). Take her for long walks at least once daily (or more than what you currently do), you’ll want her to be too tired to care about people coming over. As I’m sure you know, the husky breed is VERY intelligent and very high energy. They need to be challenged and feel like they have a “job” to keep them out of trouble. Good luck! Yes. She can be determined to be aggressive and a hazard. You need to find a good obedience trainer quickly to work with your dog and get this under control. You also need to let your dad know that this could also affect you financially as you can be sued for medic bills which can be enourmous. Pennsylvania probably won't make you put your dog down for biting unless it becomes incredibly egregious and dangerous, but it is a "one-bite" state meaning you're liable for every time the dog bites, regardless of its history of aggression or lack thereof. Your dog may also be quarantined and you may be fined. Your father, quite honestly, doesn't know what he's doing. Your dog needs training to overcome this -- it's not something they're going to work out on their own in any reasonable amount of time, and frankly, just letting the dog (who has demonstrated aggressive tendencies) roam free on the property while there are strangers there is completely irresponsible at best, toeing the line of being downright negligent, as evidenced by the fact that the dog has already attacked two people. Get the dog into therapy/training to address their newfound aggressive behavior. Yes, the dog can and will be put down if it continues to bite people. Your father allowing her to do so means it's pretty certain to be an easy call for the city.   The behavior of the teenagers may create a liability for the losses you've suffered from the behavior. But it doesn't necessarily change the ultimate outcome of animal control or law enforcement involvement in a string of bites.