 Hey all, I have already reached out to a few people in my life but I wanted to check here first. I met a girl about 6 months back. Everything seemed okay at first, but things have been anything but okay... I let her move into my spare bedroom, because she didn't have anywhere else to go. I have a hard time trusting people but I wanted to try and have a little faith in humanity again and hope that things worked out for the best. I told her that she could crash for a few months under a few conditions: You pay $350 in rent + 1/3 of the utilities, and you clean up after yourself. She paid for 2 months of rent, but for the last 3 months I haven't received a cent. I told her to move out and that's when she said, "I don't have to, I am on a lease. If you try, I will take you to court." Apparently she printed a lease template offline and forged my signature onto it. Every time I have tried to talk to her about this, she blows up and threatens to call the cops or burn my house down. One time I slept in my bed because I didn't want to wake her up by going to bed late. She was already asleep. I woke up to her grabbing my by the back of the head with a balled fist ready to punch me in the face because she had slept through her alarm and was going to be late for work. I don't want to pursue legal action. I just want my life back. I want her gone. She doesn't have a key and I have told her to come get her stuff, but she says if I touch it then she will have me arrested. I really don't know what to do. In my head, I was just trying to be a good person and give her a roof over her head while she got on her feet in hopes that she would get her own place so that we could continue a normal relationship. For anyone who wants to call me a dumb ass, believe me, I know... I have been so stressed out about all of this and as it sits, she owes me about $2500 that I know I will never see again. Live and learn I guess. I just need advice on what I can do without pressing charges. I plan on going to the police just to have everything on record so that if she tries to call the cops on me, they are aware of the situation. Happy Thanksgiving, right? Any advise is greatly appreciated.  The fake lease would only come into play of a landlord tenant court judge believed it. She has established monthly tenancy. Google "eviction month to month and your location" for the correct details. There's two tracks. 1) Police report for the forged lease. 2) Get a real estate lawyer to file for eviction. Just because of the forged lease, doesn't mean you don't have to go through court to evict her, it just means you'll probably have an easier time. What does an eviction entail? I’m assuming file a police report or talk to a lawyer? Your only option is to look up local laws on tenancy withoit a lease. In most places this means she's month to month. Since she isn't paying the agreed rent you can present her with a notice to pay or quit (leave) then the next step would be to file an eviction case against her. You have to do it the legal way or it will be more to Rube for you in the long run.