 My husband used to be physically and psychologically abusive, but things got better after he completed a court-mandated abuse program and we moved back in together this past April. However, his behavior has started to escalate again. He has not physically hurt me again, but I'm scared that could possibly happen. The worst that happened was last night he flipped over a desk and made some veiled threats about me being "the enemy." He also threatened suicide. I have not called the police or anything like that. There are 5 kids in the house, 2 of which are ours biologically. I am pregnant with another. We are both on the lease to the house, but I pay all the bills (rent, utilities, etc.). What can I do get him to leave so that I don't uproot all the kids? Do I have any legal basis for action? By 'abandonment', do you mean you're worried about losing the right to lease your house in the future?  You can seek a Domestic Violence Protective Order against him based on his behavior. You start with the emergency temporary order, and then you go for the permanent order. If one or both is granted, he could be required to move out. Flipping the desk and threatening you in combination with his past behavior may be enough to get you the order. If you can afford it, it would be best to get a lawyer involved. If you cannot afford it you may be able to qualify for some form of legal aid.  If you hire an aggressive divorce attorney, they may be able to immediately file for an emergency restraining order given your husband’s prior record and currently escalating behavior. This would prevent him from coming back into your house for long enough for you to pack your things and leave with your kids. However, that’s the nuclear option. If you choose to go that route, expect a fight moving forward in regards to custody and division of assets, a mediated no fault divorce will likely be off the table. Also, depending on the custody agreement for the children that are not biologically yours, you might not be allowed to take them with you. Either way, your situation is complicated enough that it’s probably beyond the scope of this sub. You need to start calling divorce lawyers today and get an appointment to get the process started on Monday. If you are genuinely afraid for your safety, a good lawyer can get you a TRO by the end of the week. You can ask him to leave and he can say no. You're free to leave if you're concerned for your safety. Document the reason for departure and preferably call the police if he's endangering people. I understand this is what I need to do, but in the short-term I need to know if there is any legal recourse for asking him to leave, or being protected if I leave the house temporarily. I don't want him to claim abandonment. Getting an attorney and filing for divorce can take weeks/months...I am concerned about what to do right now. Location matters a lot. Assuming somewhere in the US ... You can file for divorce. In the divorce you can ask that he be required to keep helping pay certain bills. You can also ask that he be forced to leave the home. You should talk to a local divorce attorney  File for divorce and call the police if he gets violent.