 So more details: They didn’t not have joint bank accounts. His financial assets are frozen right now. I do not know the state of RSP and/or pension. And the benefactors of them. He has a boat, a f150 truck. And house. I do not know if the house is paid off or the boat and truck as well. I don’t have a whole lot of info. We are still in mourning and the common law is not in the mood to talk about the division of his estate at the moment.  Thank you so much! This will really help me. Someone needs to to go to court to be the estate'e administrator. Only that person has the legal authority to deal with his assets. []() I'm very sorry for your loss. There is good advice in the other comments, but I'll add some other details. tl;dr: Heirs don't get anything until a long arduous probate process is complete. The process will be easier if there is a will, so you should look long and hard for one. Go through all your father's personal papers. Contact any lawyer he dealt with (e.g. the lawyer who handled his house purchase) and see if they have his will on file. Ask family members if he ever talked about where he kept his will. That said, for the rest of this I'll assume your father died without a will (a.k.a intestate). Check out this link for an overview of dealing with an estate in Ontario: This process will take a long time and there will be expenses. You will be well served to have a lawyer guide you. Since your father died intestate, his assets will remain frozen until someone is appointed as the trustee of his estate. The estate trustee will likely be his closest relative, presumably one of his children. For the rest of this post, I'm going to assume that you'll get yourself appointed as the estate trustee. I imagine you've already met with a funeral director and gotten a proof of death document. You'll want that when meeting your lawyer for the first time, applying for a proper death certificate, and it may be useful for some purposes. However, I think financial institutions are going to want a proper death certificate and the "Certificate of Appointment of Estate Trustee Without a Will" before they'll unfreeze the assets. Contact your father's banks and investment firms to confirm what they need. Check out this link regarding getting a death certificate: The estate trustee should not distribute any estate assets to heirs until the estate is properly settled; however, the estate can pay for funeral expenses, expenses required to maintain assets' value (e.g. house upkeep), legal expenses, and taxes. While the assets are frozen, the survivors will have to come up with money for such expenses. Whoever pays these urgent expenses should keep detailed receipts and can get reimbursed once the assets are unfrozen. You'll need to produce an inventory of all your father's assets and debts on the day he died. This will be important to calculating the "Estate Administration Tax", which is Ontario's version of probate fees. See this link: Assuming the estate has enough assets, you'll need to settle all outstanding debts. This may involve selling some assets. Note that there is a priority to creditors, with things like funeral expenses, legal fees, and taxes coming before things like truck payments; however, priority is only a real issue if debts exceed assets. See other comments about whether the common law partner could be entitled to any of the house value. But at least part (and maybe all) of the house belongs to the estate, so that part will either be sold to pay debts or inherited. Perhaps the common law partner will elect to buy the estate's stake in the house. You'll need to do at least one tax return for your father, covering Jan 1st 2018 up to the date of death. You'll have up to six months from the date of death to file that return. If the estate earns any income after the date of death (e.g. the increase in the value of the RSP after death is considered estate income) you may need to file an additional tax return covering the period from the date of death up to a year after that. If the estate takes longer than a year to be settled, and the estate is still earning money at that point, you may need to file additional tax returns. Once all the income tax returns have been filed, and the estate receives the notices of assessment showing no balance owing, the estate can apply for a Clearance Certificate from CRA. Once all debts and taxes are paid and you have a Clearance Certificate, then you can distribute the assets to the heirs. It sounds like the assets will be distributed equally between your father's children, but see this link for detail: Good luck. The big issue with the pension and RSP is if he designated a beneficiary - you generally do, otherwise it gets tied up with the estate and is therefore subject to potential taxes, etc. You will need to figure out who the beneficiary is - whoever it is gets that money (it passes outside the estate). The bank account will be part of the estate assets, and will be divided equally after all debts are settled - the same with any other asset of the estate. One more thing - the common law wife, if she’s not a joint holder of the house, may also have a constructive trust claim against the house, so be aware of that. A lawyer will help deal with this claim against the estate if it happens. The common law is a retired teacher who has a retirement pay and I’m assuming teacher pension. There is no joint bank account. It is just frozen atm. I’m assuming the estate trustee would then take that and divide it between me and my brother. I’ll start looking into it right away.  As common law, there is no marital assets. That said, joint accounts (or anything held joint) become the asset of the survivor... so if she was on title for the house as joint tenants, the house is hers now assets with a named beneficiary get distributed to said named beneficiary (this may be the case with the pension and RSP) she will not receive a distribution from the estate, as there is no will assets go to any legally married spouse and the issue (children) of the deceased she may have a claim against the estate for support if she cannot support herself You’ll want to find a lawyer that deals with estates, and someone will need to be nominated the estate trustee by the courts (as there is no will). The estate trustee will be responsible for sorting everything out and distributing any assets (winding up the estate) Seek legal advice, if you are closest kin you should be able to be executor of his estate. Ok I’ll look into that ASAP thank you. What do I do about the frozen bank accounts? I know there is last taxes to die and last debt Check the laws but I believe that common-law in Ontario doesn't create "matrimonial property". Since this is under provincial rule you need to look into it. If he paid for the property and she didn't then she may have no claim to it of the equity. I’m from Canada, Ontario. 10+ years on the relationship he had with the common law.  Location and length of relation shop is important to determine if she really is common-law wife or just live-in gf.