  So I went for an oil change at a car dealership, left my car and went home. 30 minutes later I get a phone call that they had backed a truck into my 2017 mustang, only 4 months have had this new car, not used. The dealership is paying for the repairs through insurance, however, I don't want to deal with the resell of the car after the accident because, after the accident the value goes way down. The car is not totaled to my knowledge and the repair will never make the car the same. What should I do?  In all fairness, this is unlikely to diminish the value of the car by much. The fact that the damage is contained to the door is actually a good thing. It means they can just replace the whole door, rather than trying to patch body damage with filler. I wouldn't worry about it. You can ask for diminished value of the car. Essentially the insurance company has a formula to calculate based on the value of the car and the amount of damage. If you're not happy with what they offer you can sue the dealer in small claims court and let a judge decide on how much less the car is worth.  the problem arises that their insurance company made the claim and their is nothing I can do except accept the repair and the apology and I don't want the consequences of their negligence when I go to trade in and the value of the car is lowered because of their screw up.  [\_bad/]() if the hinges are bent at all on the door its totaled pre accident we paid 23,000 roughfully for the car brand new, original price of car was around 33,000. We don't know what the value of the car is yet because insurance is still processing I do believe but they have started the repair Oh wow that's terrible, way worse than I was picturing when I read your post! You almost certainly want to have an independent mechanic look at it. If they damaged the frame that could be bad news. [\_bad/]() How about you come up with the value pre accident and the value post accident and ask the dealer for the difference? Yeah that sounds bad. Diminished value is the word you want to use. I'd probably speak to your insurance first and then maybe a personal lawyer if they cannot help. I have no idea what your chances are of being successful, I just know diminished value is a thing and your insurance company should know the specifics on how it works. It wasn't a light accident they are replacing a whole door  The door will I assume look the same but the car's value because it was in an accident will go down in value  Does it look different? I’m just trying to figure how a complete repair will lower the value of your car.  I have a picture if i could ever find out how to post it on here to show you. Carfax doesn't mean much. Things can either be reported to it or not. I do agree a light fender bender doesn't mean much though. If the repair was a few grand or less it means no major damage was done, most likely just bumper repair/repaint. OP the term you're looking for is diminished value. if two identical cars are for sale but one has an accident history it's going to be worth less. Whether you can sue for this is another question you should probably pose to your insurance company. They will literally have to put a new door on the car so not the original door or mirror or window. When they backed into the car they shattered the window broke the mirror off the door and crunched the door How hard was it hit? If it was a light bump or scratch, and they are paying for it out of pocket, there is no reason that the repair should ever show up on CarFax or anything like that. Source: Just did a carfax on my 2014 Camry that was scratched with a hit and run. $1,500 of damage (according to my insurance) and the carfax was clean. I do not believe light scrapes or bumps count. What is different about the car after the repair?