 Hi, I’m in Indiana and my house is less than thirty feet from a major road that INDOT is planning on expanding. We live in a 120 yr old farmhouse next to a now very busy road that will be expanded to possible double lanes in 2020. Our house, eight pine trees, a utility pole, and our drive way are in the way, or will be dangerously close to the new expansion. We received a packet from INDOT informing us of Acquisition and an assessment of our property. We’ve also received letters from law firms in other towns asking to represent us. We can’t afford to move, and I have two children on the spectrum who don’t handle change well. The cost of housing in our area has almost doubled since we bought our house, and we can’t afford anything even close to what we have with this property. We have 8 acres and there’s room for a house in the back of the property. What do we do? Wait and see? Consult lawyers? What kind of lawyer? Thank you. When a governmental or quasi-governmental entity takes part or all of your property rights through the process of eminent domain, it is referred to as condemnation. Conversely, when a property owner contests such an action or the terms thereof, including what you are being offered for your loss, the process is referred to as inverse condemnation. Specifically, you want an attorney who is highly experienced with inverse condemnation, a subset of eminent domain law. You will want to find out how long the attorney has been doing this type of work, what percentage of their caseload involves condemnation and inverse condemnation work and what their win ratio is. The reason you need to be very picky about who you hire is that the opposition has a great deal of experience doing this and for all intents and purposes, unlimited pockets. They want to give you as little as possible. It is possible that even if your land is zoned agricultural or residential you may be able to negotiate rezoning and convert the use to something more intense (and profitable) such as industrial, commercial, mixed use residential and commercial, or at least a higher density residential. You may even be able to move your home to the rear of the property along with some of the land, and utilize most of the front area for commercial or high density residential. Good luck! A 120 year-old farmhouse that is sturdy might well survive a move to the back acres. A partial sale and moving the existing building might cut back on the change aspect but you (OP) would have to decide if you wanted to be that close to a highway. You do have some time to figure out what you want to do. You need to put a plan together and gather some facts to determine what is best for you and your family. Of your 8 acres, how much do you stand to loose (all or some, and if some - would that be worth keeping)? Will INDOT just pay for the property or will they cover some of your legal expenses? Lots of questions to ask the law firms. Start interviewing (for free) the law firms offering to represent you, along with possibly others. Sit down and figure out with the larger, busier highway, if you can stay (noise, traffic, etc.). If INDOT is going to take some of the property is there enough for you to move your house to another area on your lot and still be comfortable living there? Where else would you want to live? If INDOT takes some of the property, will the remainder of the property be worth more as a commercial property - gas station, convince store, etc. A property appraiser may help here. There are lots of additional questions based on the specifics, but this should get you started. As others have posted - you want a lawyer very experienced in eminent domain. You need a lawyer experienced in eminent domain. It's very possible that the state has the right to force a sale of the property. You are entitled to a fair market price, and if all the housing in your area has doubled in value, then presumably yours has doubled along with it. This isn't DIY territory though (unless you just want to accept the first offer they give you). A lawyer will help get you the highest price for your property. You could look into a partial sale. They may not need all 8 acres to expand the road.  It sounds like you're about to be eminent domain'ed. In that case, you may want to consult with a real estate lawyer to make sure that you're protected and receive fair compensation for any loss of property.