 My parents own a dollar store in Virginia and they've been renewing their lease every 5 years and it's been 2 years since they last renewed it but now there is an issue. A dollar tree which is way nicer and bigger is opening up right across my parents store in a month or two and my parents have no chance in competing with their store and want out of the lease. The leaser doesn't seem too friendly and rejected my parents' request to get out of the lease when they asked about half a year ago (but before the dollar tree was announced). What are my parents' options? If the business is already failing then it may be worth declaring it bankrupt if a competitor opens and the business isn't viable any longer. This would, of course, prevent them from merely moving it, but it would get them out of the lease at least once they've paid what they can from the last of the business's assets. That is, of course, provided they're set up properly as a corporation and have limited personal liability. You really need a lawyer before contemplating it. As a practical aside, many small business owners lose everything because they try to keep a failing business going by using their personal money: mortgaging the house, cashing out retirement funds and taking huge tax penalties to do so, etc. This is almost always a ruinously bad mistake, unless they have a very very clear path to significant profitability right there in front of them. They need to be very honest with themselves, maybe bring in an outside consultant if they think they can't be objective about their chances and are likely to be overly optimistic. Their options are to see what the lease says and /or negotiate with the landlord.  Your parents should consult a lawyer. They may not have any good options. Typically a commercial lease makes the tenant liable for the remainder of the lease term if the lease is broken. They should check to see if they are personally liable on the lease.  If there is no clause, is there a clause about subletting? Can they find another tenant? Otherwise there isn't anything they can do.  [deleted] I mean the store hasn't even opened yet, why are they giving up so easily? Your parents need to read their lease agreement and see if the contract has any clauses about termination. There may be a fee involved or they may have no way out of it.  Your parents options should be outlined in the lease that they signed. Read the lease. Is there an early out option?