 Hey guys, sorry for the long post in advance; So last night I went out with my brother to get some fast food. It was 11:30pm and the business closes at 12pm..which is what I assume sparked this whole ordeal. We waited with one car in front of us for about 10-15 minutes until we got to the window. We were met with vocalized complaints from the employees concerned about the closing time. They said it would be a wait for my order so I kept cool and was polite and understanding to what appeared to be the manager on duty. My brother had worked at this exact location a few months ago and I’ve worked in the industry so part of me understood their frustration but nonetheless.. We were first offered some free cookies for the wait, which was much appreciated. A few more minutes and we’re offered up some complimentary chicken nuggets so again, we obliged and thanked them. While waiting for our actual order the staff disappeared for some time and when they came back had started acting a little funny. They were being really personable and friendly towards us. High fives and fist bumps all around for the night shift. I didn’t think anything of it at the time, just waited 10-15 more minutes for our order and were on our way. On the way home me and my brother split the nuggets and he ended up with the last half. He finishes them and proceeds to show me their was a wrapper of sorts on the bottom of the container. I was a little taken back considering our conversations with the staff and what I thought was a bad situation made well. Then I remembered that after they handed us the nuggets they disappeared and came back to us with a whole new attitude. Further inspection of the wrapper and my brother recognized that it was used for dividing out the raw, frozen patties. E.Coli then came to mind. Of course it was about 12:21pm at this point so those employees were long gone, but we went back anyway just to make sure. As expected, the staff had already left (they did close at 12). A large majority of our family and friends visit this restaurant so we’re not only concerned for their health and safety but that of our community which has been served by this establishment for years. We’ve been in contact with corporate and the location mentioned since this morning. Apparently it’s a franchise not owned by the company. We register a formal complaint, send some pictures and then call the location. We gather the contact info for the owner and the names of the employees on shift from last night. What do we do now? Are there any legal ramifications for this this kind of malevolent behavior? Do we try and get the frozen patty divider tested at a lab? Any advice would be appreciated before we taken the matter any further. Thanks guys  Thanks for the reply, I really appreciate the insight. I’ll be looking into this to see if anything can be done.  The legal system doesn't handle situations where the financial damages are not significant well. You can sue them, but it is not worth your time or money because you have minimal damages. You can report them to the county health department, but they are not going to compensate you. Realistically it takes more than a single report from someone who did not get sick for the health department to investigate too. A single report could be the straw that breaks the camels back and get the restaurant shut down if there is a serious problem. The health department is not really designed to deal with malicious employees, and if the restaurant was compliant with the law when they were inspected nothing would come of it. You could also report this to management, or corporate if it is a chain restaurant. They will probably comp you a meal, and there is a good chance the person who did this gets fired.  So if a restaurant gives you nasty food, you can't sue them for the risks. But if you eat the food and get sick, there's no evidence to be checked if that food gave you any disease. It sounds kind of fucked up. If the restaurant is in city limits, I would call that City Hall. If they're not within city limits, start with the county government. It won't do any good to give details to the person who answers the phone, just tell them that you'd like to report a likely health code violation about a restaurant in their town, and ask them where you'd make that report. They should be able to direct you to the appropriate authority. Then I'd call the relevant health department and ask for an appointment to report a likely health code violation. Again, probably not necessary to give lots of details over the phone. I'd go to the appointment on time, nicely dressed, and with a written (ideally no more than one page) description of what happened, printed out on decent paper. This should have all the dates and times, including the names and dates and brief summaries of the conversations you had with the restaurant's franchise and corporate management. Include your contact details, and the contact details of all your witnesses. Take along the offending wrapper, in a plastic bag. Take along your original receipt, in a different plastic bag. Put all that into a clean file folder. Tell your story as dispassionately as you possibly can; you can say "I was angry about this", but don't get upset while you're talking to the health department official. Practice telling your story at home until you can relate the facts without reacting emotionally to them. You're trying to come off as professional, reasonable, and non-crazy as possible. The health department fields all SORTS of insane and unreasonable complaints; the more prepared and calm you are, the more seriously they will take your story. Now, all of this may be a waste of time. Local health departments have varying levels of funding, interest, and conscientiousness. Don't be too surprised if it comes to naught, but this -- appear in person, be prepared and professional -- is generally good advice for getting the best response from any bureaucratic organization. In this situation, probably not. It is unlikely the police would investigate this, and it would be difficult to prove a crime took place. Without real damages it is a waste of money to pursue civilly  How would I go about figuring that out? Your county and / or municipal health department (you'll have to figure out who has the jurisdiction over this restaurant) might be interested in hearing about this.  Then report it to the franchiser, franchisee, and local food and safety services agency. You can't sue because you could have got sick, the courts care about damages. Exactly my thought Putting people at health risk doesn't matter if nobody got sick? Sure. You can sue them for your potential damages. Which are valued at $0.  You can complain to the franchise and franchisee. You have no damages since you have not gotten sick. Getting the divider tested at a lab would be a waste of money. Dude, you don't have a leg to stand on.