 Long story short, I went home for the break and took most of my valuables with me back home. My roommate, being an international exchange student, did not. She found out that yesterday, someone broke the lock on our door to get in and stole her valuables. There were also other dorms targeted and stolen from, too. I get the university has a clause in their housing contract saying they aren't responsible for stuff that's stolen, but could I get them to be partially responsible? I'm asking because the lock on my door was a latchbolt lock built into the doorknob, which is less secure than a top lock, or deadbolt lock. Most of the dorms in my university have a deadbolt lock, but mine had a latchbolt one. Could I claim that the university was slacking on their security, and that by leaving the lock on my door as a latchbolt one, made my dorm appear as a "better target" to thieves? Therefore, they were partially responsible? And, if I ask them to replace the broken lock with a deadbolt one, am I entitled to that, even if the latchbolt one is more convenient for them to replace? To be honest, I'm a little worried about my safety if someone can just break in like that, locks be damned. Thanks! Not a lawyer, and this is more practical advice for getting your school to give you a safer lock--I don't think you can get them to pay for your roommate's stolen property. You can ask for a better lock, though. When you ask for the deadbolt, I wouldn't bring up responsibility for the threat, just say you feel unsafe in your room knowing what happened and really need a safer lock so you can sleep and focus on your studies. If you have a good relationship with your parents and your school doesn't listen when you ask for a deadbolt, have your parents call. I hated doing this in undergrad, but sometimes it's the only way, and they really should provide you with a safer lock after a break-in.  You can try. That's not really a legal question, though. It's more of a "beat your head against the administration asking for something extremely unlikely to happen" question. "better target" to thieves? Therefore, they were partially responsible? Do you mean, if you sue them? Sure, you can claim that. You can sue anyone for anything for any reason. But your lawsuit is likely to be dismissed the very moment a judge looks at the school's motion to dismiss unless there is more to the story. Simply having different types of locks on different dorm room doors, in and of itself, isn't any form of negligence that I'm aware of. Latchbolt locks aren't inherently unsecure, and, in fact, are extremely common. Just because the school didn't give you the most secure lock possible is not likely to be grounds for you to win a lawsuit. Without any evidence that they were targeting you or there was some other actual negligence, I can't see you getting anywhere here. If you feel unsafe, I encourage you to take this up with the administration. They may well hear your plea so long as you couch it solely in terms of your feelings of being unsafe. If, however, you come to them a claim that you're entitled to having your choice of locks and a threat to sue if they don't comply, they will immediately shut down the discussion and direct you to their lawyer. It's not a winning strategy.  No I don’t think so also, the university is not going to budge and create a precedent . I don’t think a lawyer would take your case on either at most I am assuming you and your roommate lost a couple of thousand worth of stuff. Get renters insurance or as your parents to throw a claim in theirs since their policy might cover you. No, you won't be able to make the housing responsible. I suggest if you don't already have it, that you/she get renter's insurance. 