 She is his roommate, they had a brief sexual relationship that was publicly and very clearly ended. They didn’t sleep together for several weeks. After it ended they both began seeing other people. She always had different guys over, he was only seeing one whom he is now dating. During the time they were sleeping together she claimed she was religious about taking her birth control. Friend has a drinking problem, came home drunk one night, locked his door and went to bed. It’s one of those doors that you can unlock with a coin. She unlocked his door, tells him to take his pants off, he tells her to stop, no, etc and she does it anyway. He called me crying the next day, doesn’t feel safe but has nowhere else to go, not even my house as it’s too far and my couch is already occupied by a friend. She is now pregnant. He’s waiting to see a positive test but her sister claims to have seen one. Kid may not be his but of course he can’t prove that. This happened in Nevada. What can he do. He was raped and may become a father out of this unless he can get her to agree to an abortion which he doesn’t have money for.  She can buy a positive pregnancy test anywhere. If she wants to claim he’s the father a paternity test needs to be done voluntarily or she may bring a paternity suit to resolve the matter. Otherwise he should not be giving money or paying for anything regarding the baby - especially since this could be related to the rape. (He shouldn’t talk to her at all if he wants to pursue a case against her for the rape.)  Your friend may want to reach out to RAINN or a similar organization. They should be able to help walk him through the process of reporting, etc. if that’s what he decides to do. In your state you can petition the court to remove parental right only after the perpetrator is convicted of sexual assault. So if your friend wants to gain full custody and remove the other parent they will have to pursue the rape charge first. Have him take a deep breath and write EVERYTHING down, even back to when they were a couple. Maybe sit with him while he does this, help him stay on point and clear-headed. If he can afford to do this, get a lawyer. If he can't, go to the police. If they brush it off, add their names and rank to the journal he started and start walking it up the chain of command. Let them know he can't afford a lawyer, they should have resources to point him to. If it can be proven that it was rape, he may be able to look in to terminating parental rights, if he is inclined to do so. You might be able to help him by Googling specific information on this. Most states have really good info online. I am so sorry this happened to him. 