 Hello, r/legaladvice! I'm seeking some legal advice about a situation I've recently come into. A couple weeks ago I was notified that my estranged father has recently passed away. Fast forward... now I'm currently in contact with other estranged family members (people that I haven't spoken to, or even thought of in 10+ years) about this recent situation. Great fine and dandy! I haven't spoken to that side of my family in years because my mother and biological father had an extremely volatile divorce, and once everything was settled in court my father all out abandoned my brother and I. This is an extremely uncomfortable situation for me still to this day! The family member I'm in contact with has requested personal information from me (my address) so they can proceed with the legal documentation to list me and my brother as legal heirs with the county my father last resided. I really don't know how to proceed in this situation. I've never had a family member pass away before. There is a Will, but I have yet to read it. I have requested a copy. Part of me says F that S and just ignore it and move on with my own life, but the other part doesn't want to leave something on the table that might be worth an inheritance or something....according to the family member my father passed away with not much, but I'm not sure if that's even true or not. I don't know anything about my biological father and now I'm dealing with this? The family member I'm in contact with is requesting to be the executor of the estate for what that's worth. So how should I proceed? What cautionary signs should I be on the lookout for? Unless you have any major concerns about them knowing your address, there's no harm in letting them try to get your inheritance to you. They're obligated to try, but if you make it hard enough they can just give up and pass it to whoever else is due. If you think you're going to get screwed out of the full amount you're owed for some reason, you can hire a probate lawyer to help represent your interests, but unless we're talking many thousands this would probably not be worth it.