  My parents live in CA in a house they bought in June. Everyday for the last few weeks my their neighbor(late 50s, male, lives with elderly mother) is on his roof looking around and into my parents windows and backyard. Recently my mother has noticed that he looks towards the nearby elementary school with binoculars when kids are arriving for school. This is mostly from her point of view, fyi. 12/6/2018- I went to Police dept. to ask and discuss what were my options as a homeowner when my neighbor gets on his roof regularly and looks in my backyard and windows and into the nearby school. Both our homes back up to elementary school and next to our fence is the kindergarten classrooms and playground. I have caught him with his arms crossed staring into my yard ,windows and into playground. I asked the police what to do. They told me to make a phone call to them when it happens. They said that it would stay anonymous. 12/7/2018- I opened my living room blind to see my neighbor up on his roof looking at me. I closed the blind and went to other window, He was looking down into the kindergarten play area . All the parents were dropping off their children for school. It was 7:35am. He then pulled out his binoculars and started looking around at everything, our yard, the students in playground, and the view on the other side of his house. I immediately called the admin office of the school. I asked to stay anonymous and told the woman that they should probably send someone to check on this guy on his roof looking into your school yard. I do not believe I said I was a neighbor(important later). She then went to play yard and questioned him. I only got bits and pieces of what was said. She said something and I heard him say "no I'm good, alright". She said something and he replied "it's none of your business". I then heard her say "I'm going to call the police". He said "go ahead". Police came about 30-45 minutes later. It was the same officer I had spoken with yesterday at the precinct. Two officers came for this call. They spoke for 20-30 minutes with his mother present. I saw him point to our home while talking to officers. About 30 minutes later the officer came to our door. I then was pretty upset because I wanted to stay anonymous. I told him that too. He said our neighbor said we must have called and that he was up on roof because his mother heard something on the roof and he was checking it out . The officer also said that the neighbor went to the school and apologized to the school admin woman that he spoke rudely to. While the officer confirmed that, yes, it is weird and unsettling behavior, they can not do anything as the neighbor has not broken any laws. Why don't they just close the blinds, you ask? Well A, they shouldn't have to. and B, they bought this house because of the coastal view. Are there any legal actions they can take? To be clear they are not scared of this guy, but its pretty unsettling to not have any privacy in your own home. Edit: they have the blinds that can be pulled down from the top on their windows so that they can still let light in but keep prying eyes out. Conveniently if used as such they can only be looked through if you are looking down from above. I'm sorry but as long as he is doing these stuff in his own property. Nothing can be done about it. Maybe if you feel uncomfortable you could always talk to your parents about this and possibly have them talk to the dude. But it's not illegal. Even tho it's creepy. I would look the guy up in the local court records and see if he has any criminal history. You'd think the police would have checked to see if he's a sex offender or something, but, I'd double check. If anything pertinent pops up include copies of those records in whatever evidence you send to the school. I'd also put up a security camera system that captures all angles of your property. And one that captures whatever you can see from your yard - you don't want to aim a camera right into his house but if he's in public view on the roof it's legal for you to take video of him. Guess you know why the former residents moved.  I know, that's why I'm here. I'm hoping someone has some insight into this matter. And unfortunately, like the guy down below who said " I feel pretty disturbed by the fact that you care that much about what your neighbor is doing in his own house, and on his own roof ", its very hard to convey how creepy and unsettling this is without being there. I would suggest thinking back to your favorite horror movie and pretend you are the protagonist when the antagonist is looking at them through a window or something lol.  Think about trying to convince the judge on an obstruction charge here. You're going to be in for a bad time.  I'm not a lawyer, but I feel pretty disturbed by the fact that you care that much about what your neighbor is doing in his own house, and on his own roof. Is what he's doing kinda creepy? maybe. But you can't restrict what other people do in their homes just because you don't like it. And as far as I can tell, he hasn't broken any laws, so just work around it. " \[the officer\] said our neighbor said we must have called and that he was up on roof because his mother heard something on the roof and he was checking it out." For one, he's there everyday. Even if his mother "heard something on the roof", after the first or second time I think we all would stop checking once we knew there was nothing there. Second, there are pictures of him looking at our house, at the elementary school, and other places for minutes to hours at a time. Obviously those places can not be the cause of a sound his 80 something year old mother would have, or could have, heard.  Video recording is even better. Gives people a chance to hear his slew of excuses every single time you catch him on the roof with his binoculars. how do you know its a lie? can you prove it?  Ok, I'll try to get some photos and then get the school involved.  Take a bunch of pictures where you can clearly see he is looking at the school. Don’t be afraid to walk out to take pictures of him. It’s not illegal to take pictures of your neighbor on his roof. If he complains then complain right back about him leering into your windows.  We have one! And we showed the police, but they didn't do anything. To be fair in the picture you can't see the school, but given the direction he is looking and where the school is located, there is no place else he could be looking. To get a really damning photo I would have to be on my roof in clear view of him. Not exactly inconspicuous. Hmm, well in a similar vein, could you get pictures of him looking at the kids with binoculars and bring them to a PTA meeting? Perhaps parental pressure would force the school to treat this as potentially more serious and explore all their rights when it comes to protecting the privacy of the children. Just because you can’t sue doesn’t mean the school district cannot or that they cannot force through some sort of local ordinance by leaning on local politicians.  Unfortunately not, no HOA in the area.  That's what I thought but I hope someone smarter than me would know an obscure state ordinance or something. I mean the fact that he is willing to lie to police has to mean something, right? Do you have an HOA? With an elementary school and coastal views it sounds like a nice neighborhood so I would be a little surprised if you didn’t. They may be your best recourse because they can make new rules and fine this guy even if he isn’t breaking any laws. Having some guy on his roof with binoculars all day would definitely affect home prices so I’m sure they would be interested in this.  It's creepy, but not illegal. Sorry I tried to put a link to some blinds in the post and it said my post was removed. So I made a new one. Not terribly good at this, I don't post very often...