 I think I might be in a catch-22 here. When I moved from CA to NC, I lost the paper copies of my car title and registration. (I thought I had them safe but I must have misplaced or recycled some papers.) Now I need my car title to register my car in NC. I mailed a form to the California DMV saying I lost my car title, and they sent it back saying I need to provide proof of ownership. I tried to look up alternative ways to prove ownership and found that 99.99% of the time, the car title is used as proof of ownership. Now I'm not sure what people use the other 0.01% of the time. The DMV form does not actually specify any examples of what would count as proof of ownership outside of the title. I had car insurance with State Farm the whole time I was in California, but I'm not sure if that will count. I also have a few mechanics' repair receipts spanning the last two years. I'm worried these connections are too weak to "prove" ownership to the DMV. Does anyone else here have experience with this situation? What else could work? TL;DR - Lost my car title, DMV says I need the car title to replace the car title. I'm not sure what else I can use to prove ownership. Yay! I’m glad that worked out for you. :) Thanks Acey, I was finally able to get through to the CA title department over the phone. Proof of ownership can be an insurance card. Thanks for your help. Thanks for the clarification. I'm sending in a change of address and also a duplicate title request alongside proof of ownership, which I learned from the CA title department over the phone can be an insurance card. Crossing my fingers and hoping this is all there is to it. The way I read things was that proof of ownership is NOT required if the title is being sent to your mailing address on file. Important: If applying for a duplicate title (no transfer of ownership) and the registered owner's name or address does not match DMV records (except for obvious typographical errors), you must submit your application in person with proof of ownership  I may try to find a registration renewal notice, but I have not received one yet this year, even though I asked USPS to forward my CA mail to NC. Ah this makes sense. They actually sent me this form when they sent my application back. But they also specify that I still need a proof of ownership, aka the title (or something else, subject of this thread). Thank you for clarifying the change of address part. I still need some alternate proof of ownership.   Can I use the Change of Address System if my new address is in another state? Yes. It looks like you need to obtain your new NC drivers license and then can change your address to the NC address to request the duplicate title. Did you send a Registration Card, or Registration Renewal Notice?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Requesting Outside Contact Requesting or offering private messages or chats is against the rules of this subreddit. Please review the following rule before commenting further [General Rule 1]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Thanks, but I bought my car used from a private seller. We did a title transfer properly, but I no longer have her contact info (the purchase was four years ago). If I could find her, there is a slim chance she still has her copy of her old title---think would that help? Thanks, that's the form I used, which CA DMV sent back to me requesting proof of ownership. What I’m seeing online for California is [this instructions page]() and [this form](=AJPERES CVID=). It looks like if you haven’t moved since last doing business with them, then you don’t need to send any proof of ownership at all, while if you have moved then you will need to file in person and bring either a Registration Card, Registration Renewal Notice, or other proof of ownership. If you can’t file in CA in person due to the move, I’m not sure what other options exist. Maybe there’s a way NC can do this rather than dealing with CA.  There is a chance your dealership through which you got this car or the DMV you processed your current registration with has an electronic copy of the original title that you could provide. It's not guaranteed because every dealership/DMV is different I assume, but I would check with each and see! 