 So about a month ago I was hired by a call center in my local town. The job description was customer support, people call in with questions and I help them out. During training I was blunt-faced told that the company we work for is a huge scam. The actual job description is talking people down from pressing charges against the company while keeping as much of the money they steal as possible. We keep them on the phone (because calling us also costs money by the minute) for as long as possible and we refuse all refund requests unless the customer threatens to contact the attorney general. Already sounds pretty shady. The job also has a lot of downtime, since from day 1 I already knew I wouldn't be staying at this job I used that downtime to learn more about what's actually going on here. Apparently the company sells beauty products, some face cream that's "scientifically proven to make you look younger." Anyways the company that sells this face cream has a bunch of different websites set up that you can order from (really sketchy website names like sparklinglipplumper.com or supermusclemax.com). These are the names that show up on the charge sheet as opposed to the actual company, obviously to confuse people as to what they are being charged for. Basically these websites offer a trial for their products, $5 for the first month. If the "subscription" isn't cancelled people will start getting billed for $90 a month. So at first glance it just seems incredibly scummy, not sure if anything I've mentioned so far borders on the illegal, technically all the information that the trial will continue for full price if not cancelled is there. But it gets worse. 95% of the calls we get are people asking to stop being charged, people that say they've never received a single product, people that didn't understand the trial, but mostly it's people that have already cancelled and asked to never recieve the product again, that are still being charged. When a customer calls to cancel their order, we will go into their account and close all their active subscriptions. Then anywhere from a week to multiple months later, they will be automatically re enrolled. The company keeps their credit card information (we don't have permission to remove any info from the system, we can make a request to have it removed but I haven't seen a single one of these requests fulfilled) and then starts them on a subscription for the same product they were on before without their knowledge. The line we are supposed to give when this happens is "we see the subscription was activated through the email we have on file." Basically we try to convince them that they did something incorrect. When a lot of the time people sign up with fake or temporary email accounts, and sometimes we don't even have an email account on file. Yet these people still get re enrolled used the pretext that they clicked on an email. These people often times have several $90 charges applied to their account, the charges show up as a bunch of randomized website names, and we are strictly forbidden from offering refunds unless the customer says they plan on contacting the Attorney General. The call center is based in Canada but the company and all its customers are located in the United States. Is there anyway I can use the information I have from working with them to take legal action and stop these people? I was thinking about contacting the local police station and letting them handle it, but im not sure if this is the kind of stuff the police handles. TL;DR beauty company falsely charging credit cards they have on file after customers cancel their subscriptions. Thei customer service centre is located in my town and I would like to stop them through proper legal channels but have no idea how to begin. This is (mostly) a civil matter, police likely won't get involved. I think contacting the Attorney General in the state where they do business and giving them the information you can is the best you can do. It's not enough to guarantee anything, but it's possibly enough to get them to look into it. 