 Using a throwaway because quite a few people know of the situation. Sorry for the wall of text, this is going to be long. I live in VA but had been visiting NC for a few weeks when my car was involved in an accident causing damage to the front end of the car (no other vehicles/property was involved), I got a recommendation for a body shop from a friend. The fender, bumper, hood, and front taillight were damaged along with a few other things. I took it to the shop on September 18th and was quoted $3200 total for parts and labor as I don’t have the car insured. I initially paid $2200 up front as the shop owner told me he needed to order parts for the vehicle and was told it would be done “by the end of the week” on a Thursday, so I assumed he meant the end of the following week since we would have to wait for parts to come in. I hadn’t signed any paperwork releasing my car to him or agreeing to a price, most of our communication was done through phone calls. While I’m sure almost none of this is true, I’m going to give a breakdown of everything the shop owner has told me over the last few months. The first issues we ran into were the bumper. He ordered an aftermarket bumper per my request and I was told it would take a week to come in. After 2-3 more weeks of excuses and shitty communication on behalf of the shop owner, I was told the bumper had come in but the company he’d ordered it from had damaged it en route and would be sending a replacement. A week or two later I was told that it had come in and he’d be painting it and would have it ready for me by 3pm on Saturday October 20th. I spoke with him a few times that day and he kept saying that the paint wasn’t dry, the last I heard from him around 1:30 was that it would take another 3 hours for it to finish drying and for him to assemble it. I called him multiple times after 5pm and he ignored me and at some point shut the phone off. I went to the shop around 6 and he wasn’t there. That weekend I was leaving and coming back to VA and didn’t have a choice but to leave my car at the shop in NC. On Monday when the shop opened again he called me and told me that the company that sent the replacement bumper had sent a bumper for a 2 door, not for the 4 door that I have. He’d already painted the bumper and was trying to get the company to send another replacement as well as compensate him for the paint used, but he hadn’t asked me for extra money at all. I believe once the 3rd bumper came in he had the car done somewhere around November 1st. At that point I was in VA and wouldn’t have been able to come get the car at the time and the shop owner had a friend with a 3 car trailer that owed him a favor. For a week or two the guy with the trailer had my car and at some point took it back to the shop in NC with a scratched front bumper. The shop owner said he would be repairing it and billing the guy with the trailer. He told me he could personally drive it to where I live in VA on November 15th but I would be out of town from then til the next week so he told me he’d bring it once I got back. The week I got back was thanksgiving week and he agreed to bring it on November 23rd. I didn’t hear anything from him that day and had other things going on so I waited to contact him until he following Monday. He told me he could bring it that Wednesday, the 28th. I spoke with him around 10am that morning and he told me he would be leaving shortly and it would be a 4 hour drive. After not hearing from him by 3:30 I started calling him and was once again ignored and blown off. The next morning he called me and told me that my car had been shutting off every 30-40 miles and he would be taking it back to the shop to figure out what was wrong. After taking the bumper off and seeing a cracked sensor he assumed that was the issue and replaced it. When that didn’t solve the problem he finally (for the first time???) had the car scanned on Saturday to figure out what was wrong with it. He figured out that it was the inter coolant pipe and had a friend who could give him the part for free on Wednesday of this week and he told me he’d have the car ready to bring up to me Wednesday night. Once it was fixed he called me to say he wouldn’t be bringing it until Saturday so I got a friend to bring me the 4 hours it takes to get to NC to get my car on Friday. Yesterday morning while I was on my way to NC he called me to tell me that the aftermarket bumper was what was causing the previously broken sensor to break and it had broken again while putting the bumper back on. He told me he’d get an OEM bumper and replace the sensor and he could give the car to me the same day but the bumper would be unpainted. I needed my car for the weekend so I went to go pick it up from the shop anyways. He demanded the $1000 that I still owe him and I told him that I wouldn’t be paying it until the work agreed upon was finished, ie the bumper painted. He refused and told me that if I tried to leave with my car he would have his friend come from the end of the road and block me in so I wouldn’t be able to leave. He then proceeded to take his own vehicle and park it behind mine, blocking me in. I should have called the police on the spot since he was threatening me but the friend that I’d brought with me to pick up my car is a bit of a hot head and I didn’t want him to do anything dumb so we just left. After calling the sheriff’s office and speaking with a deputy I was told that they couldn’t do anything and I would have to go file a civil claim on Monday morning and they believe the judge would order him to release my car to me since this isn’t the first civil claim he’s had with similar issues. I got a text from the shop owner last night saying that the financing company would be picking my car up on Monday morning. My finance company would have no reason to get involved since my payments are current. A friend believes he is actually trying to steal my car. While I still plan on going to file a civil claim Monday morning to have my car released, I’m worried that when I go to get my car from him it won’t be there. What are my options? You made some mistakes, that is a lot of work on the car and you had no insurance.  Yes, I just spoke with them and they said they knew nothing about what’s going on and they’re not the ones that he said were coming on Monday morning. I believe this is a bluff because he sent the message 10 minutes after I’d left his shop at 7pm. I understand he could place a mechanic’s lien but that requires him to file paperwork. There would be no reason for any finance company other than my own to pick my car up. A friend that I spoke with thinks that he’s actually going to steal my car and blame it on a nonexistent finance company. VA might not require insurance but finance companys usually require their vehicles to be insured. So again, I didn’t push him to do anything and I told him not to do it if he couldn’t make it work. I’m a 21 year old girl who knows nothing about cars. The agreed upon amount was for the finished car. No contract was signed, nor has he asked for more money to actually finish the vehicle. At this point I believe it’s too late to just pay it and be done with him since he said something about a finance company coming to pick up my car. I just spoke to my own finance company upon advice from the other commenter and they has no knowledge of the situation. I told him I would like the aftermarket bumper IF he could make it work but if not then I told him not to bother and just get an OEM. He’s already been reimbursed for the first bumper by the company who sent it out since they’re the ones who advertised it as being able to work for my vehicle and it didn’t. He’s also had them reimburse him for the paint that he used for the 2 replacement aftermarket bumpers he’d received. From the guy's perspective, he's done a ton of work on your car based on you pushing him to by an aftermarket part that went against his better judgement. Most shops would charge you more for the second bumper, more replacement labor, and replacing the sensor while he's doing it all for the original amt. Pay him the $1k. Also, get insurance. Driving without insurance is one of the dumbest things you can do on the road. If you had seriously injured someone, both you and them would be screwed.  In VA car insurance is not required. He hadn’t mentioned anything about my financing company prior to this text. He sent the text 10 minutes after threatening me at the shop. I will speak with the finance company anyways.  [removed] Call your finance company. Most likely they are taking the car because you failed to keep it insured. 