 Hello! I am the product of a 1-night-stand. My mother had sexual relations with 2 people around the time of my conception and 2 paternity tests have removed one guy from the roster. Here is some backstory and timelines for you all: I was born in Atlanta, GA in the first week of Sept 1992. The man we thought was my father is not. Last time my mom had unprotected sex with him was thanksgiving of ‘91; 40 weeks give or take a day or two to my birth. My mom does not carry for 40 weeks. She carries naturally 36-37 weeks. My sister’s birth supports this as well as my own. I was actually conceived around Christmas week of ‘91. 2 paternity tests have disqualified the thanksgiving applicant (there were an on again off again couple for a while). The guy she slept with in December was the one night stand. It was more like a weekend but it was a drunken haze and she remembers little of it. His roommate had a girlfriend that worked at the same stripclub as my mom but on the dayshift (my mom was the night shift) and they met in passing. My mom did not know the girlfriend and this was a strip club in ATL in the 90’s. There are no records. What I do know: his name is Aaron. He was blond at the time (it could have been natural or dyed). He was in a band and touring at the time (nothing major). He later found out my mom was pregnant and did offer to stay but she was sure it was the other guy (thanks to my grandmother) so he left. Mutual friends say he could have gone to Washington (music scene was up and coming there). I’m wondering what I can do to find him? I’ve taken the ancestry DNA test and have only 1 direct match and that’s to my mom. I have other matches but am not sure how to reach out or concluded which side of the family this is on. I’m wondering if investing in other DNA data bases may be worth it. How should I go about this? I’m 26 and don’t want anything but to know who he is and possibly be able to at least reach out...any advice would be wonderful. I put this on askreddit and they advised I should come here instead. If this isn’t the right subreddit, let me know and I’ll try and post somewhere else more appropriate. Thanks so much!  Holy shit thank you SO MUCH! I’m a girl so unfortunately the y-test is a no-go BUT I will be saving for a 23andMe test and looking into those other databases. Wow this has given me a place to start when I didn’t have one! Thanks again so much. Might be better for a genealogy sub, but I'll tell you what I know. You have enough info to have a good shot at finding your father through your more distant matches, especially since your mother has also tested. A 4th cousin match contacted me on Ancestry in a similar situation to yours. I have a big enough family tree that I was able to figure out who his father probably was. On Ancestry, write down say your 20 closest matches. Click on your mother ("View match" I believe). Then click the tab for "Shared matches." Cross those off your list--they are related to your mother as well as you. Now you've eliminated the distant matches that are through your mother. What's left are relatives who may know your father. You can import your results to Gedmatch for free without having to give another sample. In addition, it has a tool that compares your and your mom's DNA and produces a sample that reflects only your father's contribution to you. (Same thing as you did above with Ancestry, just automated.) You can then search for matches to that. You can also import Ancestry results to [FamilyTreeDNA]() and [MyHeritage]() for free without having to give another sample. If you're going to pay for another test, choose 23andMe, because that gets your results into 23andMe's database and also you can import your Ancestry results to GedMatch, FamilyTreeDNA, and MyHeritage. This gives you the best chance at finding matches. Except... If you're male you can do a Y-DNA test at FamilyTreeDNA. Take advantage of their current sale (ends tomorrow) and order it in combination with the Family Finder. The cheapest Y-DNA test is fine for your purposes since you're looking for close matches. You would then find other males with your father's Y-DNA, which would give you his surname. What happens when/if I find him is up to him but actually finding him is the goal at the moment. I feel like he would want to know considering his interest when he initially found out she was pregnant and thought it might be his. He offered to stay and help until my mom convinced him (she was only 21 and heavily influenced by my grandmother at that time) that there’s not way it would be his. “The timing just isn’t right.” Come to find out, for my mom, it IS. I would hope he would at least be open to it...but 26 years can change people and I understand that and am prepared for it (as much as I can be).  Keep in mind even if you find this guy you will not be able to compel him to take a DNA test if he doesn't want to.  Omg I had no idea! Thank you so much!!!! Try sites like adopt.com. They’ll be able to give you better advice on searching. There are people called angels who basically do it as a hobby. Good luck! The closest related ones aside of my mom and aunt (we all took the tests together) are people from my maternal (my mom’s mom’s side) great grandparents side. I have them back to like late 1700’s mainly because of another old family member on that side that I kind of piggyback off of. She’s real old and this is pretty much her hobby. I have a little filled in on grandfathers side but it’s tough because I wasn’t close with them (my grams broke the news to my mom after he had died that this guy was her dad, not the guy she thought was...my grams had an affair and yeah...). So some of the matches could be from missing pieces on that side of the completely empty half of my dad’s side. I have no clue how to even begin asking people.  How close are your other matches? My friend found her family by sending out a politely worded email to all her matches until she traced both her mom and dad.  I just don’t have that kind of money unfortunately...and I know but I have no idea of there is some sort of subreddit tailored to this sort of thing!  You can hire a private investigator. You don't have a legal issue, but I hope this advice points you in the right direction.