 In the state of Ohio my car was photographed going 46 in a 35 on 9/13. I just received a letter in the mail that was generated on 11/18 saying I have failed to pay and exhausted all challenge options, and a fee of $125 is due immediately. This is the first letter I have seen about this. It says "failure to pay in 30 days will result in a Final Notice of Determination and the imposition of an additional late fee penalty. In addition, you may be subject to formal collection procedures including being reported to credit reporting agency, and a civil lawsuit." Should I take action on this? Seems unreasonable for 11 over, granted that a buddy of mine got pulled over going 63 in a 35 in the same area and only had a ticket of $120. I am also a student in college and this was sent to my home address, and I was also in class that day (but driving to work -_-). Would a picture of my school schedule be enough evidence to prove I was not the one driving?  "Opting out" of mail will cost you a LOT of money on this fine. I am genuinely sorry that you have to learn this lesson at a high cost... but refusing to bother with your mail is not a responsible practice. It takes 30 seconds a day to discard the junk mail. And you need to have your address updated to prevent you from missing important mail in the future. It is unfortunate that a ticket became so much more expensive because the OP only opened their mail when visiting their parents during Thanksgiving break...  't do. I am pointing out how to avoid future trouble. You seem to definitely need that advice. That is for being sued. You are getting a ticket. It's all done by the book, no loophole for you here. You got the advice you needed.  Yes. The action is to pay the ticket, or get sued/sent to collections and put your credit on the chopping block. Whoops on me and whoops on OP. Thanks for correcting my morning eyes.   Legally, as long as the letter was sent to your address on file, you received proper notice.  's what you want to try to do. Too late for that. OP: exhausted all challenge options You were the one driving though. It's funny, people always assume that those who work within the courts are somehow much, much stupider than them when it's nearly universally true that they're much much smarter than you. Your school schedule isn't going to do anything. There should be instructions on how to contest if that's what you want to try to do.   $120. Your buddy paid their ticket in time. You did not, so stiff penalties were imposed. You should not compare the two situations. -_-). Would a picture of my school schedule be enough evidence to prove I was not the one driving? No - a schedule does not prove you were in class. It just shows you were supposed to be there. ?