 I work(ed) for a very large well known retail store in their call center as an Escalation Lead. I'd spent the passed couple years fixing complex issues and handling irate customers like a boss, so in September they promised me to one. Never had a single complaint about my work from customers and always had exemplary monthly reviews, no write ups, and very well liked around the building because I'm a pretty laid back cool guy. I volunteered to work on Thanksgiving, figuring I could work some OT hours on a Holiday and fluff up the holiday paycheck a bit. Guess I should have stayed home... Customer calls in and immediately starts screaming, yelling, and cursing at an agent because her package wasn't delivered. Didn't care it was a holiday or not. The agent tries to help but the customer screams some more and then hangs up. 5 minutes later another agent has her on the line. Same thing. No package. Screaming and yelling. We are horrendous and she'll never shop with us again. Screams and hangs up. Another 5 minutes go by and I can tell that she's back on with another agent. I have her transfer the call to me so she doesn't have to take the lashing. I pull open her order and see notes from each agent she spoke with stating she was loud, rude, cursing, basically everything I was already aware of. I then spend the next 10 minutes being bombarded with the most ignorant verbal regurgitation I have ever heard. I curse daily and this lady put me to shame with her creativity. From comments about my mom to me being too dumb for a "real job", she was trying to go all out to prove her superiority and show she was better than me in every way. During one of the brief moments when she stopped to breathe, I was able to squeeze in about 20 seconds worth of a productive resolution, which she surprisingly accepted as fact. However even though she had the answer she needed, she still continued cursing and yelling. I politely let her know I would appreciate it if she could keep the conversation professional, but that if she was unable to do so I would be forced to disconnect the phone call. She responded back that she would do whatever she wanted because she is the customer and that I was nothing but a stupid retarded nigger. That was when I hung up. I was visibly shaking I was so upset. I immediately walked over to let my manager know what happened in case the customer called back again, as I'm sure she wouldn't want to speak with me any longer, and I wanted to brief her on the situation in advance. We kept an eye on the order, but now she had the info she needed and didn't call back. Friday I was called into my managers office and informed I was being fired for disconnecting that call. Even though the call never recorded and there was no proof of what took place, I was still fired. It boggles my mind I was termed for not wanting to sit there and be called the things she was calling me. So now I'm writing this from my couch. So amazed that the job i spent years working up to was so easily taken away. But at least the kid is only 3 so all he knows is daddy is home early. Save having to explain to my him why I'll be around more often. Anyone think there's any sort of case here? I honestly don't even know if I'd want to go back if this is the environment I'm expected to put up with, but it's better than living on the street. Currently in Arizona, USA. I hear that. Honestly not sure I want another call center job. Getting yelled at daily while sitting on my ass getting fat is no bueno.  I'm so sorry this happened and that your manager didn't protect you. I was a call center manager for years and I've hung up on people myself for being degrading to employees. Its great for morale 😉 Good luck finding a way better job- call centers are pretty much always hiring. And then instead of escalating it to his supervisor, OP hung up on a customer. Edit to add: I’m sorry my advice doesn’t give you all the justice boner you were hoping for, but it’s doesn’t mean that’s it’s wrong.  They provided and adequate solution that the customer accepted. The customer then proceeded to verbally abuse this person after accepting the solution provided.  This right here is why you're likely to win your unemployment claim. You have been fired, but given the reason you are probably still eligible for unemployment. They may issue you an initial denial, at which point you appeal, and you get to explain in a hearing just what a bunch of morons your ex-company is. Relax and enjoy a week or two with the kid, and enjoy the undoubtedly better job you will soon be getting. Escalate up the chain of command in the company and tell them you followed company procedure, if you did. Get a copy of the company handbook/rules or anything that says what to do if you're being verbally abused by a customer. Even though the policy states to handle abusive callers the exact way I handled an abusive caller? Nal I've never worked anywhere that a supervisor would allow their employee to continuously be treated that way. I'd find new employment. Maybe. But none of that is racial discrimination. You weren't fired because of your race. You were fired because you hung up on a customer.  Company policy is to warn a caller you will disconnect if it continues. Also strange even though the call wasn't recorded I was still fired. Seems if I kept my mouth about what happened I'd still have a job.  No, it doesn’t seem like you have any sort of case for wrongful termination. Part of your job - the reason why you were promoted - is going to be dealing with upset customers. You weren’t able to do that in this instance.  OP, I wouldn't get your hopes up over this comment. Your circumstances don't scream discrimination. No, the company is not permitted to discriminate against you due to your race, but that's not what you described. You hung up on a customer instead of escalating to your supervisor. In most cases cases, termination in response will be a defensible position.  Does this company have an HR department? You can definitely file an EEOC complaint. Are you black? The reason I ask is because racial slurs in a discriminatory manner are illegal. Start collecting any info you can that may apply from your company's manuals or procedures. You do have a legal right to work somewhere where you are not subjected to race discrimination. I would get a call recording app and contact the most HR person you can and have them explain why you were terminated for refusing to be discriminated against.  [removed]