 Hello Reddit legal advice. I never post for fear of giving bad advice, but read often. And it may have made me a little paranoid regarding property disputes. I'm house shopping in Ohio. I've narrowed it down to two currently. One was the front runner until I looked into the situation regarding its driveway. And now I'm looking for advice and insight. Based on what I saw while visiting it, I expected the driveway would be on the property of the house I am looking at, with the neighbor having an easement. This would be fine. I was curious about any rules regarding upkeep, maintenance, and upgrades. Snow removal, for example, is a real concern where I am located. So today, I contacted my realtor to start digging deeper into that. It turns out that the driveway that is shared by both residences going back to separate parking areas is literally on the property line, running down the line. As in, half the driveway is on the neighbors property, half of it is on the property of the house that is for sale. There do not seem to be any easements. Only a verbal agreement. The driveway cannot be widened on my side to make my own full width driveway, as the house sits right against the driveway. There is yard on the other side, so my realtor suggests that I could add my own driveway on that side. But in my mind, this means giving up yard, having a wasted area of gravel where the old parking area is, and worst of all, do I have to worry about losing property to the neighbor through adverse possession, or any other law? Is this all as bad as it seems to me? All the realtors had to say was a vague statement that the people living in the neighboring house already are required to keep the driveway "clear" because "they have a special needs kid". I don't know if there's a law that is referring to or what, plus the neighbor house is split into duplex apartments. What happens when the family with the kid moves out? I'm hoping you guys can help advise me here, before I get into a mess. The house is the nicer of the two I'm looking at, and I was really leaning toward it until today. 