 Three weeks ago tenant called to let us know he was hospitalized, had quit his job, and would need to abandon the house. He called later that same day to say he'd changed his mind, that he was feeling better and would try to make next months rent. Then after another week or two he called again to say he has not gotten better, is still in the facility and would in fact not be coming back to the home. It's been about 3 weeks since he originally stated he needed to abandon the house. Are we within our rights to begin cleaning out the home? We have a damage deposit that would cover rent for December, but I'm not sure if we can use that if there isn't damage. He's on a month to month lease at this point. Thank you again! If you have not been informed that he is the subject of a guardianship or otherwise legally incapacitated, you are entitled to proceed on the assumption that he is capable of acting on his own behalf, and it is up to him to raise a defense of incapacity. It is certainly possible that the court will stay the eviction, either on his or the court's own motion, to allow him time to seek adequate representation or allow a guardian to intervene, but that's not your responsibility, and you can go ahead with a standard eviction until and unless a court says otherwise. I was hoping you might be able to further advise. Since my last post our tenant got out of the hospital and is back in the home. However he didn't pay Dec. rent (was due on first, late on 5th). We issued a three day pay or vacate notice directly to him. He is clearly mentally unstable and/or mentally incapacitated. Are there other rules that may apply here given his medical condition? I would assume not, that we move forward with standard eviction procedures, but just thought I'd get your take. Thanks again in advance! Thank you, this was very helpful! Washington law has some [very specific requirements](http://apps.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=59.18.310) as to how you have to handle his property. Getting rid of his stuff now is not an option, but you could pack it up and store it, using the damage deposit to pay the reasonable expenses of that storage until the time period has passed after you deliver him written notice. Since the first notice and his rescinding it happened within mere hours, I think it would be problematic to rely on that, so I'd start counting from the second and as yet unrescinded notice of abandonment. By law, he owes rent for 30 days from that date, so not all of December. Generally, yes, you can use the security deposit to cover unpaid rent, but check the terms of your lease agreement in case you agreed to something else. 