 Hello, My boyfriend and I live in a reasonably new apartment complex, we just moved in a couple months ago. Since moving in, we've noticed that the couple in the apartment next to us seem to have many domestic disputes. Multiple times a week we will wake up in the middle of the night to the woman screaming bloody murder and doors slamming, and every single time we call security. This has happened over 15 times now. We finally took these complaints to the director's office (again), and were completely brushed off a second time. They were not willing to evict the couple, despite multiple complaints from us, other residents, and even the police being called once or twice. This nightly disruption is impacting my boyfriend's career. He's a dentist and his performance has been suffering at work, and his coworkers commenting on how tired he looks. We let them know we were willing to escalate the situation and they simply did not care. The parent company is notoriously bad with customer service as well. What we'd really like to do is be able to break our lease for free, because right now they would charge $6k. What's our next step here? Is it time for a lawyer? - If you suspect domestic violence, call 911. - If they are breaking your local ordinances, contact the police. - Email the corporate office regarding your complaints. Leave out the part of your work performance. Just the facts, ma'am. Also include whom you've spoke to in the past, and when. (Example: On Monday, 11/19/2018, from 2214 - 2357 there was loud screaming that could audibly be heard in my unit. I have spoken with Cassandra, the following morning regarding this.) If it is as audible as you say, you can try recording the noise in your home. - If they fail to do anything, move when your lease is up. This is not legally actionable. Nor is this grounds for breaking your lease. I don’t have experience involving lawyers in situations like this, but here’s what I did: I had a party-holic neighbor in the unit beneath, who would play loud music until after 11pm, the apartment complex had quiet hour regulations, so I called the local police number(you can google to find out your local police office number, this is faster than calling 911 and have them redirect the call), told the officer that someone is causing noise way after the quiet hours, and I want to keep my call anonymous. Police arrived within 2 minutes and educated them. Had my peace. Worth a try. If they are violating local noise laws or suspect they are, call the police. Get ear plugs. This is what happens in apartments. There's nothing a lawyer can do here. Call the police for noise violations if they're loud during your location's quiet hours.  There haven't been any indications of violence, just the woman screaming in anger. Possibly with some influence of mental illness. Call the police if you suspect domestic violence. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.