 My lead and I are close friends outside of the work place, and we tend to vent to each other off the clock. Our manager is a crass person, very rarely seen doing any work, complains about his busy schedule, and apparently gossips about many employees on his staff. Myself and two other of my coworkers have seen him browsing Tinder and porn sites on his phone, while in his office that he shares with the doctor and owner of the business. I went to speak with him one day, and since the door was wide open, I didn’t think twice about entering. While speaking with him, he left his phone screen unlocked and it was obviously displaying some kind of sex chat. I didn’t mention anything except to bring it up with my lead outside of work, when she mentioned that she had seen naked women on his phone, and another coworker had seen him scrolling through young women on Tinder. He is married, and probably in his 60s. I don’t know if there is anything here to report to HR, I have never been in this situation, and I am wondering if any of you have suggestions? The second part to this, is that about 6 weeks ago, I informed him and my boss that I would be out for a surgical procedure. I kept the details private, and chose not to share them with my coworkers. I made it very clear that it was personal. After my operation, my doctor extended my time off twice, which was based off how I was healing and couldn’t have been predicted beforehand. Thankfully, my manager was amiable about this, and just wanted to know information as I could relay it. I returned to work this week, and caught up with my lead about any changes to protocols that I needed to know about. While we were talking, she brought up that our manager had pulled her into the office, trying to gossip and figure out what procedure I had done. My lead repeated to him that I had been very clear about my privacy, and that they didn’t need to know. My manager responded that he was just going to Google search my doctors name and find out. Later that same week, my lead walked in on a conversation happening in our reception lobby between our manager and another employee, where he was prying if she knew anything about what I was having done, and that he should just look it up and find out. I find this to be a very serious invasion of my privacy, but I don’t know whether he actually did any searching or not. Do any of you have advice? Thank you in advance.  The only thing potentially violated here was company policy, so, yes, HR is the only place you can go with that information. Thank you. I wasn’t sure if this was the right sub, as I was not certain there were laws broken, but I did need advice on if there was anything that should be done. So, just report to HR? None of that breaks any laws. His personal internet habits are not your concern unless it amounts to sexual harassment which somebody else looking at his screen does not. You can express your privacy concerns to HR and ask they talk to him about it. Why does your manager know what doctor you're going to? 