 In my employee handbook (which I've been trying to upload, but imgur isn't working with me today) it says that after a year of employment we're entitled to 5 vacation days. My boss is considering my two days off 2 of my 5 vacation days. So... really, I am only getting three. Is this legal or do I still have two floating vacation days? That's what everyone else has said, so I'm inclined to believe it's true. :P Thanks everyone. Thank you for correcting my misunderstanding. Under the circumstances, you should be entitled to two additional vacation days. No, actually. I've been with the company for 18 months, and I finally requested to take my vacation during the slow season. When I was given the schedule, I had my original days off + 3 extra vacation days making 5 total. Nothing is in advance. Correct. I work 5 days a week, 2 scheduled off, and when I went to put in for my vacation my boss gave me Monday-Friday off as my vacation. Monday and Tuesday are already my scheduled days off, leaving me with Wednesday through Friday as my "vacation". I think he means that they are counting his regularly scheduled non working days as holidays? Sounds like you’re saying you normally work 5 days during the work week and have two days you’re normally scheduled off, and the boss is counting the normal off days part of the 5 vacation days. Yes it sounds like you should still have two days of vacation left.   've been trying to upload, but imgur isn't working with me today) it says that after a year of employment we're entitled to 5 vacation days. My boss is considering my two days off 2 of my 5 vacation days. So... really, I am only getting three. I am counting 5 - two you got in advance and the balance of three you are getting now. What did you think was the reason why you got two paid days off before the end of th year? They were giving you the days in advance of you meeting the full year of employment, but of course they were two of the five you were promised. That is confusing. So he paid you for 10 consecutive days (you worked 5, got paid for 5 more with Vaca) Are you getting paid for those days? If not, then they don't count. 