 Hello, I run a non-profit housing corporation for a fraternity in Michigan. I have recently been working to reduce our spending. I noticed our trash removal service has crept up to almost $700 a month in the last few months. We have a 8yd dumpster emptied 2 times a week, FYI. Since I did not know what normal prices were I got a quote from a competitor. When it came back for $205 per month I was very surprised. I immediately called up our current service provider to cancel and got put with an account manager. He threaten a $2800 cancellation fee (4 months of last payment) if we were to cancel now because we had a contract FROM 2006 that auto-renewed every three years for three year terms and had a 10% yearly increase. Needless to say I am very livid about this situation. Yes, I understand that nobody caught it on our side, and we continued to pay via auto-pay service. However, I feel that this was extremely predatory on their part, we are a bunch of college kids and for 12 years no one realized we were getting dicked. During the initial conversation with the account manager he offered to drop the price to 440, then 330, and finally to 220. He emailed me a contract and I sat on it while I thought about how much we have been overcharged the past 12+ years. I did some calculations assuming they were profitable at $250 per month and figured out that we have been overcharged $14,000 in the last 3 years alone and likely around $35-45K over the last 12 years. I sent this to him and let him know my feelings of this being predatory and wrong on the part of his company and gave him an opportunity for another offer. I also told him that based on his response my next steps were talking to a lawyer and speaking to all of the other fraternity houses and small businesses in my area to make sure they were not being screwed. He came back with again an even lower rate of $160 per month. I like this price as of now, but I am hesitant to sign anything until I get some advice from someone with more insight. My main questions are as follows: 1. Do I have any recourse to get some of the overcharge money back? 2. What would you do in this situation? I am thinking about asking for a few years of service free as a token of goodwill and extending a contract for maybe 6 years instead of the typical 3 (3 years free, 3 years paid at agreed price). Any advice is appreciated!  The price went from 200 to 700 and today’s market price is still around 200. So no that does not align with the CPI. And that is the only section that deals with price increases. You received what you agreed to pay. That is not overcharging. Failure to read contracts is not their fault, signing a contract written in their favor is not their fault, nor is failure to ask for competitive quotes on a regular basis a good argument. Lesson learned should be to conduct due diligence. And asking for a 6 year contract is not a good idea. All kinds of things can happen in 6 years into which you would be locked. Edit: fixed autotype correction.  It has in there that they can adjust it based on the price index, that may cover all of the increases, you also only showed one paragraph of the contract. Even if that original agreement does not say anything about a yearly increase? You were not overcharged. You signed an agreement and were charged the amount specified. If you don't find the rates acceptable anymore, move on. You have not other recourse. [Here]() is a snip of the current contract's section about charges. It says nothing about an annual 10% increase that the account manager is claiming. This 10% increase is in the new contract, however. The initial price from 2006 was $179. FYI. 1) you weren't overcharged. you were charged what you agreed to pay 2) go with the cheapest option. there is no way they will give you three years of free service. You weren’t overcharged. You agreed to a rate. Accept the reduced rate if the numbers make sense. Go to a competitor if they don’t. If the agreement/contract with the company stipulated all those increases over time, then you were never overpaying, you were paying exactly what you agreed to pay. 1. Depends on your agreement with them. If they charged you monies outside of what you agreed to, maybe. If they charged you exactly what you agreed to, then no. Also, the statute of limitations on that type of debt may be far shorter than 20 years, so if you can collect, you may only be able to collect back so far. 2. First and foremost, I'd pull up my copy of the agreement I have with them, read it very closely, and identify, according to the agreement, what I agreed to pay and whether or not that jives with what I was actually paying all that time. What did the actual contract that you signed say you should be charged and is there a discrepancy between the contract and the amount charged? Do not go on what the guy told you verbally or any new contract he's sent over.