 Hey everyone. Sorry this may not be the right sub for this but don’t know where to begin to look and it’s urgent. My Buddy (US Citizen) is visiting his family (extended work project) in Mexico. He is born to two illegal immigrants and is staying with family there currently. This morning I received to cryptic messages Friend: “Shit Is getting real here with cartels and marines i got money taken from me by marines and hit. My cousins got fucked up. They didnt do much to me because i said i was from usa.” Then : “How the fuck do i report this” Into our group chat (him and one other close friend) and hasn’t ready any replies to his messages I don’t know what I can possibly do to help my friend who had reached out for assistance/advise and any help would be greatly appreciated! I hope your friend stays safe. Marines and Police in Mexico can be very brusque. Jalisco is not the most dangerous state in Mexico but it's not the safest either in General. Mike Pence is visiting Guadalajara today with Ivanka Trump, and Mexico inaugurated a new president this past weekend so people are a little keyed up.  Thank you I appreciate the kind words, that’s absolutely what he should do. But I worry his family obligations are too strong..  Also as far as work permits it’s a sticky situation that I don’t think he’d be eligible for a visa, but I’ll also pass that along thank you!  I’ve passed all this info on to him!! Thank you for your help, I really appreciate the time you took out of your day.  Hope your friend gets out OK. And get out, and back to the US; is what he should do as quickly and safely as he can.  He's pretty far from the Capital (Guadalajara) but Puerto Vallarta has an international airport if he can get there, additionally,in Mexico, there are small planes for hire he can fly to PVT, Guanajuato or to Mexico City or another big airport if he needs to get to a safer area. Here is the contact info for the GDL Consulate: Address: Calle Progreso 175, Americana, 44100 Guadalajara, Jal., Mexico Hours: Closed ⋅ Opens 8AM Wed Phone: +52 33 8526 1444 They open on Wednesday. There is a Consular Agency office in Puerto Vallarta as well: Paseo de los Cocoteros #85 Sur Paradise Plaza Interior Local L-7 C.P. 63732, Nuevo Vallarta, Nayarit, Mexico MPV4+H7 Nuevo Vallarta, Nayarit, Mexico guadalajara.usconsulate.gov +52 33 3268 2100 Opens at 8:30 AM In the future, he should plan to notify US offices in Jalisco before traveling there again, just in case, it makes situations like this much easier because they already will know you're in the state if something happens. Given his current situation it's best if he avoids all regional travel unless completely necessary, and stays in, or avoids traveling after dark, If traveling by car he should try to stick to toll roads, they are safer. Also if your friend is American, and planning to work in Mexico, it's much easier to get a visa to stay than you think, and your friend is not doing themselves any favors if they are going down there for extended periods of time to work under the table or without a visa. If he is planning to travel as an American in Mexico he should keep a photocopy of his passport with him as well as a US ID cart either a drivers license or something else at all times.  Not a scam..  Appreciate you man, thanks!  Thank you for your help!  Mezcales, villa purificación Jalisco is where he is thanks for your help!  Thank you for your help! He got stuck by a marine.. but there was some confusing leading them to believe he was a cartel member. He’s in “Mezcales, villa purificación Jalisco” so yes i think haha  Been done. Thank you!  Thank you for your help!! Try posting this in R/Travel and see if anyone has ideas for what to do. He should contact his airline as well and see what the situation is for his flights out if he has those booked already. Is he in Jalisco? eta: I want to point out that it's not uncommon to have public safety officials all over Latin America expect bribes and or all your cash if they stop you or pull over your car, so having marines take your money, by itself is fucked up, but par for course. If your friend thinks the situation is getting unsafe and might affect his chances of leaving México he should do something about it sooner rather than later. NAL  Depending on the state, US Government employees don't have total freedom of movement, are sometimes limited in which hours of the day they can travel, and by which roads, because of this they are limited in abilities to assist US Citizens in Mexico. It is hard to say who to try to contact about it without knowing which state in Mexico, but the Embassy is a good place to start.  Contact the US State Department. They have the ability to coordinate resources to get people to safety in foreign countries (when they feel like doing it). This is the beat thing to do 1) you should contact the embassy with all of the information you have 2) ask your friend to contact the embassy  Ianal, but I would start first by contacting the embassy in Mexico. Thanks for the help, buddy. Sounds like a scam Yeah definitely him, unless he’s got a gun to his head or something, using his vernacular lol He’s actively texting us now and doesn’t want money or anything just a plan... Can you confirm it's actually him? It sounds like a very common scam when an email account gets hacked.