 I signed up for critical illness insurance through Unum at my work on January 1st 2018. I did so because both my sibling and I suffer from a chronic kidney disease in which my sibling received a transplant a few years ago where they received a monetary benefit from a similar insurance plan. We both saw doctors to monitor us for our condition and we took medications to slow the progression of the disease. I was recently diagnosed with end-stage kidney failure a few months ago and I recently had a kidney transplant. I filed an insurance claim because major organ failure was a covered condition and I was denied because "Major Organ Failure means diagnosis of major organ failure of the liver, both lungs, pancreas or heart." Luckily, end-stage kidney failure is another covered condition. I filed a new claim for end-stage kidney disease and I was denied coverage because I had a pre-existing condition because I was being seen, screened, and taking medications for my chronic kidney disease. They describe it as follows: "Benefits for a pre-existing condition (defined as a sickness or injury, or symptoms of a sickness of injury, whether diagnosed or not, for which you received medical treatment, consultation, care or services, including diagnostic measures, took prescribed drugs or medicine, or had been prescribed drugs or medicine to be taken in the 12 months just prior to your effective date) will not be paid during the first 12 months the policy is inforce." I can appeal this claim within 90 days. My question is should I look into this any further or maybe hire a lawyer? This was the first year this benefit was offered through my work because we changed insurance companies. I don't know much about law speak but it sounds like at the end it's saying that if I had been diagnosed with end-stage kidney disease after 12 months of my effective date that I would be covered. Should I appeal this decision and use the fact that this was the first year it was offered as my argument or am I out of the benefit? ($30,000) I’m not sure. I requested a policy from Unum but they told me to go to my employer and get one from them. I can try to have a lawyer look it over but I just didn’t know if it was worth my time to see one because the pre-existing condition seems pretty solid [removed] Your coverage is subject to the terms of the policy. If the policy validly excludes these circumstances then your appeal may not be fruitful. With $30k on the line a consultation with an attorney may be a good step just to exhaust all possibilities.