 On Friday I (24m) was at work, my boss received a call around 4:30, as my phone was dead, from my frantic sister (38f). She believed she was in labour which would have made her almost a month premature, she was crying and in serious pain. Now to be clear, my sister is afraid of ambulances, and refused to get one. Her husband works for AT T and they do not allow phones on the support floor (telesupport). She was unable to get ahold of anyone except me. I told her I was on my way, her house was a good 45 minute drive from where I was working. I left and I was caught going 132kmh on a 2lane highway eastbound in and 80kmh zone. To be clear, stunt driving is 50kmh over the speed limit with an automatic suspension of license and impound of vehicle for a week. I explained to the officer where I was going and that my phone was dead. The officer (30sF) had literally no empathy and said to tell my sister to find another way to the hospital and would not allow me to use her phone to call anyone, including my sister. Thankfully my sister was not in labour and it was a false alarm. Now im stuck with a court date on December 17th and no truck until Friday. Its 600 to get my truck out of impound and 200 for my license back. This could cause me to lose my license which in turn I would lose my truck, its financed, my insurance might drop me as I have 3 prior tickets; two 10kmh over and one for rolling through a stop sign and I'm on high risk insurance. I lose my license or insurance my truck will be repossessed, inturn ill lose my job that I've worked extremely hard to get. I was a drug addict for 3 years after I watched my bestfriend die of an asthma attack (a police officers son), which is one of the reasons I was so afraid for my sister being a month premature with no one to help, I watched my bestfriend die over less, but I am now 2 years clean from drugs. At one point I was living on the streets and now I am in a labourers union making $31.80/h. Without my truck I will have no way to work and I will lose my job. Noone lives around metro carpool with. I am currently working almost an hour drive from my house. This is a slippery slope an I am extremely worried. I understand I should not have driving that fast, I understand I broke the law but I thought maybe the officer would have some empathy for my situation but she had none. I know I messed up but I dont think I deserve to lose my truck or job. I am in deep trouble, just looking for some advice. Anyone know what steps I should take to hopefully put this ticket and whole situation behind me? I do not want to lose what I've worked so hard to get. Any advice is appreciated. Thank you [removed] Not a lawyer. Get an attorney is the only advice anyone can offer. The law does not make exceptions for scenarios like “my sister is labor and refuses to use an ambulance” which to be honest sounds like a made up excuse (the ambulance part not the labor). You could have called an ambulance anyway and let the medical professionals handle the situation; even if she wouldn’t get in the ambulance they unlike you are trained to handle emergency medical situations. If you drive for a living, risking your license is doubly stupid. Especially with all your prior tickets. So get an attorney to see what you can plead down to and be prepared to move somewhere that you can get to work from. You were driving 50 kph over. Frankly the other drivers on the road are hoping you’ll lose your license. And start driving safely, if you depend on it for a living. Drive like you have a fucking cop in the passenger seat.   Guilty or not, you'll be on the hook for these either way. That money's gone. Your explanation doesn't sound like a justification to me (not that I'm the one you need to convince); not even ambulances go 50 over and they have people and equipment that can render meaningful help when they arrive. Maybe a traffic lawyer might cobble this into something resembling a necessity defence, and talk it down to a significant speeding ticket? 