 A local dealership was having a Black Friday deal on a Ford Escape that was originally $8k for $4k. My fiancé was FIRST in line at 6AM for that specific Ford Escape. A woman and her daughter came second but still stayed in line hoping my fiancé wouldn’t get the car. The mother and daughter must have called the father because he showed up later and tried offering my boyfriend $200 for his spot in line. My fiancé kindly refused. When it came time for the dealership to open and the sales person to take my fiancé to the car, they soon found out somehow the family of 3 purchased the car before my boyfriend!! The ad from the dealership said FIRST COME FIRST SERVE! My fiancé was FIRST in line for that car! He even signed a paper saying what car he was going to purchase and what number in line he was in. The family of 3 were behind him! We tried getting management involved but they did not care about what had just happened. They insincerely apologized for messing up and that was that. To make everything worse, the family and salesmen watched and laughed at my fiancé as he just stood there while everyone was buying and leaving with the car they came for! After they finished the paperwork the dealership proceeded to have the young girl(whom the car was bought for) bang a gong to notify everyone in the dealership that she had completed the sale and that she got to take the car home. The manager is refusing to do anything except have the nerve to threaten to call the cops on my fiancé (who just so happens to be a police officer). For all we know the family could have easily tried offering the salesman more money under the table since they tried offering my fiancé money for his spot. My fiancé is Mexican and the family is white...We are absolutely disgusted on how everything was handled and the way we were treated. We are shocked at how unprofessional this dealership is and how they treated us...we have no idea what to do and we just believe this is totally unfair and cannot believe what happened. Is there anything at all that we can do? We have tried contacting corporate but have not heard a response! I’m sorry if I posted this in the wrong forum! Any help is appreciated!! You have no recourse here. On the bright side, your fiance was saved from buying a complete piece of shit, so think of this as a blessing in disguise.  I can change it so it doesn’t say that but because we personally felt that because of how he looked they completely disregarded him.  That sounds like it has nothing to do with your fiance's race or ethnicity. There were salesmen on the floor and one of the salesmen totally disregarded the list and went ahead and took the keys and started the paperwork with the family while my fiancé and another salesman looked all over for the car keys If your fiance was first in line, how did they get past him?