 So hear me out. I am 16 and my now ex-gf is 13 since last month. We had sex once, it was consensual and I was really careful because I really loved her and didn’t want to hurt her. After I broke up with her she started saying that she will sue me because I had sex with a minor if I don’t get together with her again. I refused but now I am scared. Can I actually be sued if I can prove that it was consensual and that I meant no harm, she was fully aware of everything? I know that some people will call me disgusting or a pedophile or at least think of me that way. I don’t think that I am a pedophile. I didn’t love her for her age and she looks older so it also isn’t the younger looks. But if you feel the need to tell me that I am a pedophile then please do so in a polite way, insults don’t help anyone. Germany by the way, but just a general question Find a local lawyer and speak to your parents as soon as possible as well, you are too young to be trying to handle this on your own. Not stupid enough to make pictures or videos of me doing it with my gf. Guess I am fcked either way... Just a quick google search showed that the age of consent in Germany is 14 years of age. “Individuals aged 13 or younger in Germany are not legally able to consent to sexual activity, and such activity may result in prosecution for statutory rape or the equivalent local law.” [German age of consent]() You should have thought this over before going through with it bro, legally she has no right to consent at the age of 13, my best advice to you is to consult with a local lawyer asap and cut all contact with her. Also I hope you were smart enough not to have taken any sexual photos of yourselves in the act or just of her, because that may definitely count as child pornography as well.  you have to wait and see. With some luck, the prosecution will close the proceedings before anything happens. What you really should do now is talk to your parents if you haven't done it yet, and than go looking for an attorny. Since you are just 16, I doubt that the prosecution will try to hang you or anything, but you have to face the fact that you did something really really stupid. It would still suck, especially since I have to apply for training this year after my school ended. He said Germany A quick search suggests that the age of consent in Germany is 14 and sex with a child could result in up to 10 years in prison. When someone is under the age of consent nothing you do is "consensual".  The age of consent in Germany is 14 and they don't appear to have a close-in age exception. So keep away from her and keep your mouth shut. Removed, as OP is in Germany, so this is off topic  This doesn’t have a “general” answer.  Good grief. Well you shouldn't give in to blackmail so cut all communication with her. Yes, depending where you are this could be statutory rape or even something worse. At 13 she simply didn't have capacity to consent. If the police get in touch talk to your parents and don't speak to the police without an attorney. what state are you in? And no one gets sued for child abuse- that's jail time. 