 Essentially, my school email account was hacked. This morning, at 3:14 A.M, an email was sent from that same email to the email. Anyone who uses the Microsoft email system will know that it will show up as a “Note to self.” I saw this, and it read as seen [here]() As you can see in the email, he wants $617 paid to that bitcoin address. I’m not necessarily sure how he got into my email, but what worries me the most is whether or not that virus he claims to have installed was installed on my phone, laptop, or neither. If it was installed on my school laptop, then my school will definitely not take it lightly, and I should be able to find out what’s wrong. If it’s on my phone, that’s a whole different problem, but still a worrying one. I just want to be sure. This IS illegal right? My school definitely won’t take lightly to a violation of privacy like this, and it has more than enough money to fund any legal matters regarding someone doing this. What worries me most though is if he hacked my phone. It’s an iPhone. Is it even possible to install a trojan and do what he’s claiming he’s done? And if he did, is it illegal? Would I involve the police in something like this? I assume someone with a better knowledge if technology would know whether or not this was possible and a way to check, but legally, am I able to do anything about this? It’s a fake. A bunch of people I work with got the same email.  Very. Only ever signed into it on my school laptop, and my phone. I’m relatively sure that it’s fake though after taking it another look at it.  You sure you didn't leave it logged in somewhere? It's not actually from your address, it's like writing someone's address for the return address on an envelope and then dropping it in their mailbox. I like to look up addresses as well. Looks like it’s been flagged as fraudulent 6 times. Also looks like he got a poor soul:  This is fake. I’ve seen this general email about 30 times so far. Change your password, check your sent box for weird items. How this works (from what I’ve seen so far) is they get your password from a leak site. (LinkedIn breach, Yahoo breach, etc.) They’ll try that combo on a variety of items. If they get in, the scam begins. Normally how they scare you into this is by showing your old password they used as it’s specific to you and would catch your attention. We included specific sentences in our spam filters to block the emails that seemed quite consistent across the board of emails. Do not respond, just delete it and move on. The worst thing you can do is piss off a person who is already proven to be scum. Best to let them continue on with their scumminess than to focus their attention on you specifically. (Unless you’re IT smart and know how to protect yourself online.) You might want to post over on r/scams (or r/scam I don't remember) next time to make sure, there are people that are experienced with scams. Yeah. I went and did a double take and I’m pretty sure that it’s fake. It’s a school laptop though, so I definitely won’t be able to run my own virus scan. I’m already in contact with people from my school to make sure it’s fake and reset the password though.  Yeah multiple students at my own school recieved emails that were almost the exact same.  I got an identical email to this last week. Trust me its super easy to spoof any email. You can make it so it comes from pretty much any email address you can think of I wouldn’t worry about it. These “hackers” try everything to intimidate you. Once you send money, they won’t stop. Don’t send anything, delete it, don’t engage. Edit: and yes, I’d change your password ASAP  Nah, this is a scam. It's easy to set the "sent from" address of an email to be from anyone, including the recipient. You can actually inspect the message headers of the email and see where it really came from. If they had something of yours, they would have made the whole thing far more compelling by showing you something of yours. It really easy to spoof the from address. Change your passwords, ignore the email, run a virus scan.  The thing that worries me most though is the email IS from my own email. At least that’s what it shows. I’ll try and check again.  Lol i got the same thing. Mine read, “i think my email is totally surprise for you! I have nasty news! Last time around when you visited porn web portal, you palmtop computer caught badware. The virus enforced front camera. And now i have damaging information against you. On this clip you masturbate. Pretty soon thisbadware would have access to your leads. And it would forward video to your confidants. In case you want to check it? Then you should forward me 381 US$ in BTC cryptocurrency.” (Spelling errors and all). In addition to how they hacked my school email blah blah. I did nothing and nothing has occurred. Don’t send any money, just delete it. You are fine.  Its a scam, this just mean a password related to your account was hacked from another site, but if you just change all your passwords you will be fine. Yeah, the email he sent OP seems very copy and pasty.  I don't know about the legal side of things, but above all DO NOT send an extortionist the ransom. He will never stop hitting you up for money if you do. Fake he has nothing