 [MA]. Woke up this morning to find we had no power in out apartment, called maintenance and they couldn't fix it so they have to call an electrician, who I'm still waiting on. I'm not sure exactly when we lost power, and it's just my apartment, but food in the freezer is starting to defrost so it's been a while. And we just bought a ton of new groceries last night. My roommate left before I even woke up this morning, at least two hours before, but she's yet to get back to me if there was power when she was up this morning. But I'm looking through my lease to see if there's anything that would say if the landlord has to pay for the food but I'm not sure what to look for. All the lawyer legal lingo doesn't really make sense to me  You have a duty to mitigate damages. Get ice and put the food on ice. Food lasts a solid like 3 days in a freezer without power. Throwing it out right when the power clocks off is most probably unreasonable.  Exactly what I did during Hurricane Florence and we had no issues after the fact. Why did you throw everything out today? The food hasn't even defrosted yet and you threw it out. My power was out back in September for 2 days and the freezer only started thawing later on in the 2nd day, but after it came back on early in the 3rd day it froze back up again. My ate all the food that was in the freezer then without issues. If you have Renter's Insurance they usually cover that stuff up to $500.  Why did you throw the food away? It would been good for quite some time, particularly the freezer items. [Food in the freezer can stay good for up to 48 hours]().   Likely not. You can insist that your landlord correct the problem in a reasonable time frame (which will be relatively short for no electricity). And can check your renter's insurance to see if they provide any coverage in this situation. Why'd you throw everything out? Modern fridges do a good job of retaining cold, especially since no one was opening it over night. Assuming power is restored today; mentally take a couple of days off the use by date and throw out any leftovers and seafood and you should otherwise be ok Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.