 Long story short. My friend got a call from his roommate that they have been court ordered out of their home and all their stuff was taken and put into storage by the court. The house is listed under a business name and is Co owned by the roommate with the roommates business partner. There is a court case between the house mate and the business the house is listed under but getting any other details about the case have been met with vague answers. The house mate has a history of lying and the story isn’t adding up. My friend just wants his stuff back. He pays rent to the roommate and had no business dealings with the company the house is listed under. Can the court actually take all your belongings for any reason or does this seem like another lie by the roommate? What kind of actions can be taken for my friend to get his belongings back?  Ask to see the court order. Then call the court to confirm. He should call the police and report his things as stolen. Then the legal process will sort all this out. Until a court tells him he can't have his shit for some reason, it's been stolen. The government can't take your stuff and not give you due process. Evictions can occur in certain situations and, if the residents do not remove their possessions, those items can be put in storage. The Court can order an eviction and the party who gained possession of the property can remove the possessions and store them. Your comment about litigation could mean that the mortgagee (lender) foreclosed. People who are struggling to pay their mortgage often also have a hard time dealing with other aspects of life, which could include being honest about the embarrassing situation. However, as far as your friend knows, the possessions are gone and there is so far no reasonable explanation. I would assume the property has been stolen and make a report to the police. I would also go to the Courthouse and do a search for the names and find the casefile for the litigation to determine what the nature of the matter was and what Orders were made by the Court. I would also contact the other named party (lender), explain the situation and ask them if they evicted and, packed and stored the property. BC Canada.  …"The court" put their stuff in storage? No. Not a thing. Location?