 I am a graphic designer with a small printing company. An ex-client of mine is suing me for some business cards that I did for them a year ago. They were unhappy with the shade of blue of the business cards, as it didn't match their old ones. Each printer is completely different and you can't get the exact blue, The client also signed off (signature in email with confirmation) on the PDF proofs (that showed the blue that I was going to print), and asked me to proceed with the business cards. The client could have done a credit card charge back a year ago, but didn't proceed with it. I wonder why myself? I believe he would have lost, as I had his signature confirmation to proceed with the business cards. The client is claiming in the lawsuit that the cards received did not match the business concept of the company. Except the shade of blue in his company logo for his email signature does not match the color of the blue of the original business cards that he is comparing the ones I printed either. That defeats the purpose of having a concept in my opinion. He is asking for full money back + interest. Please help, as I am a small business owner and I run this business myself. Any advice would greatly be appreciated.  Never ever confirm color via electronic means. Always print a physical proof for them to sign if color matching is important If it is try to find a draw down sample and settle in that one. But remember someone's settings or dpi cab alter their copy. We always use PDF email for layout onky.  What kinda Patrick Bateman crap is this? in any and all printing i've ever seen or heard of, the person picking up and signing for the printed materials is responsible for confirming the color match and refusing the shipment if it's not correct. you should be prepared to get the print shop involved in your side of the law suit to explain their industry standard procedures and policies. Thanks for your reply. This business cards ordeal was exactly a year ago back in late 2017. That's why I am surprised that he is suing me now for a refund. Hopefully the judge will see that he signed off on the proof, never asked for a physical sample, and complained afterwards about the text as well.  This was all done over email. He has never once asked for a physical sample to proof. I'd have happily given him one had he requested it. We pretty much only corresponded over email including the final proof. I have never met this individual in person. This was done a year ago, so I am surprised that he is suing me now. The amount of money isn't too high (under $800), so I am assuming that this suit in small-claims court is a matter of pride or ego (for him to be right).  Did he ever ask for a physical sample to proof? You can give in to this unreasonable customer by giving him a refund or redoing his order, or show up to court and and explain your side. Based on what you said, it should be an easy win for you. If you can afford to take half a day off to deal with this, I'd show up to court.  Yes, he is suing me on behalf of the company in small claims court.  If he is already suing you then you're in a lawsuit. Since this is business cards I would assume you're in small claims?