 I am on a deferred sentence for a felony drug charge. My employer fired me because the paperwork had the word felony on it. I know I’m grasping at straws but I need to know if that is legal for my own peace of mind ( what’s left of it anyway)  You don’t need to tell them any more detail than what you know. If the people that did your termination meeting told you it was a reduction in force, or budgetary issues, then that that’s what you tell the unemployment commission.  I have one more question. I am applying for unemployment and they want to know why I was laid off. I’m thinking because of how it all happened and things that I’m hearing now is because this is our slow time and I was the highest paid on my team. The options include no work, position eliminated etc.. at a loss now ...  Will do, thanks so much for your time!!!  Ah, gotcha. Well, he may not count it as income, but you are going to need something until you can get another job. So definitely apply for it. Unemployment mandates that you apply for at least 5 jobs a week until you get one in order to keep earning it. Maybe sign up with some employment agencies and take assignments from them. Lots of times they get temp-to-hire positions.  Yes it makes sense regarding applying for unemployment. It was my probation officer that is telling me that unemployment income does not count and that I must find a job instead.  I’m not sure I understand this comment? PTO is time off hat you have earned while an employee, and should be paid out on your last paycheck. Unemployment is a benefit payable through your state, that is not directly paid by your company. It is a tax that both employers and employees pay, like insurance. You file a claim with the state, and they send a notice to your employer so that they can contest the claim. If you are awarded unemployment, it could make your (now ex) employer’s UE tax rate increase. Think of it like if you have auto insurance, and have a claim. It could make your rate go up, at least for a while. Anyway, they could fight your unemployment claim if they can claim you were fired for cause, like a policy violation or something similar. Since they told you it was a lay-off, they don’t have a leg to stand on. Does that make sense?  I was told by the person I report to that unemployment would not be counted as income and that I have to bring in paystubs as part of the deferment ( this is not on the court docs)  Too bad your sister felt the need to tell all, but what’s done is done. If you were laid off, you should have at least been paid out for any PTO you have accrued, and you’re eligible for unemployment, which I suggest you file for ASAP. They can’t fight that, because a laid off person is unemployed not through any violation of company policy.  No drug testing at all, most of the loan officers would fail anyway. No zero tolerance policy as far as I know. I was told over the phone that it was the word “felony” that did it but my official term letter said I was laid off. I was arrested on a Saturday and because of a holiday I was told I wouldn’t see a judge until Tuesday. So my sister who also works there called my manager the same day to tell her why I wouldn’t be there. What really sucks is that due to my mental state they released me the next day.  Most employers check federal, state and local records. A felony with a deferred sentence will show up. It will show an offense date, and a conviction date separately. A lot of times it won’t show the length of the deferred sentence, so a company would need to further as about that (most of the time and IME). Did your company ever do random drug screens or have a zero tolerance policy? What reason did the person who released you give you? And how did they find out about it in the first place?  Do you have any idea what will show up on a background check? I did one on myself through an online company but nothing specific came up and I’m not sure how employers check.  Hi, it was a felony drug charge. The only thing on my record ever. I was there for 6 years and it is a mortgage company. Not sure any of this makes a difference..  Honestly, its hard to answer this question without more information. You haven’t said what the specific charge is, or how long you’ve worked there. While it’s illegal to fire someone for being arrested, it does matter. For instance, if it was a DUI/DWI, and your job involves driving for the company in any capacity (company vehicle, or using your own for company business), then there’s too much risk. They would have to take out a separate insurance policy just for your to be able to drive. If it was for grand theft/larceny, and you have any type of access to company funds, again, you can see the risk. As hard as it is, there’s nothing to be done about your coworkers finding out about your arrest/deferred sentence. That information is public record. I’m sorry that manager isn’t exercise more discretion: it was a jerk move. I don’t think you have any legal recourse here, unfortunately. Anywhere you go, most companies require a pre-employment background check. Not all care about a deferred sentence. If there is a Facebook job page for your area (there almost has to be), you can join it and ask if there are any felony-friendly companies hiring. You may want to create a secondary, “throwaway” profile page so that you can ask without everyone in your town know it’s you who is asking. Also, if you have an attorney, you might ask him if there’s a way to expunge this from your record once your deferral period is over. I’m sorry I can’t give you better news. Edit: Typo Ok so now I need some advice on two situations the first might not matter as Colorado is an at will state. I sent HR my plea options on 11-05...plea to felony to be deferred or plea to misdemeanor. A week before my termination on 11-20 co workers were told that I was coming back. I was terminated over the phone by HR because of the word FELONY. I am on a deferred sentence which means I was not convicted and none of the documentation I sent HR had the word felony anywhere, so it was the arrest she was talking about. I received my official termination letter and she called it a lay-off. The second issue is that I heard my manager telling another manager in a different department about my arrest and the reasons. I heard from a co worker that this manager then felt free to tell current and former coworkers at a girls night out about my arrest and charges. This is a small town and moat of the people that were told work in the same industry all over town. This is having some affect on my ability to get a job in the same industry. Any legal recourse on either of these issues?  I would recommend [this]() subreddit. I am in a similar situation, and I was able to utilize several resources. I am in a similar situation. My backgournd check came out clean, and I had been at my job for over a month. I was pulled aside and told that they had found out about my pending charges. Although my lawyer has all but guaranteed they would drop to a misdemeanor, they had to let me go. She didn't want to fire me, but she had no choice. It was all completely legal. I am in Colorado and paid out of California. Both at will states. I should have thought of this before I posted. Thanks so much for your time.  The answer to that question depends a little on your location, and a lot on your company’s background check policy. My company won’t hire anyone on a deferred sentence no matter what the charge, due to the fact that one false move could make your sentence suddenly non-deferred, and that means no more employee.  You didn't add your location. 