 I purchased an item from Amazon today at a discounted rate which they said they had 3 left in stock, happy days I thought to myself as I'd just purchased the older version of the same item from a different site for the same price. I went ahead and purchased the item for £310 which I got an order confirmation email for. 2 hours later I get an email to say the orders been cancelled and to repurchase the item except it's £390 now. I went on to their customer support and was very polite and just asked if something could be done in terms of a voucher or discount as I wasn't in the wrong and has been misled, I was categorically told nothing could be done as a good will gesture which I disputed as I work for eBay myself and know for a fact in edge cases where the marketplace (Amazon/eBay) have made a mistake that we would credit the difference. I escalated the chat and the manager disputed everything and just out right said nothing would be done and it was tough luck essentially. I tried to escalate the situation further which is where he provided me the UK head office address and an email address which working in the industry doesn't tend to get you anywhere and is ignored most of the time. Do I have any grounds on this? From the Amazon T Cs: . We will verify pricing when processing your order and before we take payment. If we have made a mistake and a product's correct price is higher than the price on the website, we may either contact you before dispatch to request whether you want to buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order. If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product. Most large vendors put in clauses to account for pricing mistakes. I don't believe you have any legal recourse here, although a discount would be good customer service. From the terms and conditions you agreed to when you signed up to Amazon: "Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalogue may be mispriced. We will verify pricing when processing your order and before we take payment. If we have made a mistake and a product's correct price is higher than the price on the website, we may either contact you before dispatch to request whether you want to buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order. If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product." There is no law requiring them to give you a voucher or anything, whether you've seen eBay doing it or not. /r/legaladviceUK will know more about the relevant laws