 First, this all happened in NJ. This past Friday 11/30/2018 the COO of my mother's company called her to his office and told her that they expected more from her based on her resume and that they were firing her because she was not able to do all the work they expected of her. She had been working at the company for 2 months and the probationary period (after which she would receive full benefits) was 3 months. Just for context, her immediate boss is the wife of the COO. Both of them have been on vacation the past week or so. My mother is an accountant and she and her immediate boss are the only accountants at the company. Before the COO and my mom's immediate boss went on vacation she was told that she was doing a great job and without her, they would never finish anything on time. Also while they were on vacation my mother handled all the accountant work without any complaints from her boss or anyone else. My mother does not speak or read English beyond basic communication. After explaining that she was being fired the COO handed her a document and told her "Sign this document now. This document says that you are not going to sue us." Unfortunately, since my mom can't read English and she is not the best in situations like this she signed the document. This was obviously not what she should have done. Basically, this document turns out to be a voluntary separation agreement that declares that my mother has no intention to file any charge, or bring any legal action, against the company. And because she signed a voluntary separation agreement I do not think she is able to collect unemployment and other such benefits (I have done basic research about this as I just returned from a trip abroad). Is there any legal action we can take against the company?  Thank you! I think we have an argument to approach her employer and request that she sign a new agreement stating that she was laid off. IANAL! If your mother is over 40 years of age, she is protected by the OWBPA and has a 7-day revocation period for documents related to separation. It’s possible they had her sign something waiving this right, as sometimes people want their payout ASAP. However, she has 21 days to review a severance document (which this sounds like it could be) and if it can be proved that she was pressured to sign it on that day, the whole thing is null and void. (If she signed a document in a language she doesn’t understand, I believe that falls under a whole other set of “bad faith” laws/regs, but that’s outside of my knowledge.)  We don't have a problem with the fact she was fired. I do find it odd that she was told she was performing well and then fired a week later citing her performance. English is not used to communicate for those in administration. The accounting program they use is even in my mother's native tongue. Probably doesn't matter but it is a very uncommon Slavic language. The COO told her that "She has to sign the document now". I'm assuming that would not be considered a threat and of course, it is her word against theirs. And just to clarify we are not really concerned about getting money out of this or trying to exploit the system. I mainly take exception to the way it was handled. My mother should have read the document. They should not have told her she is getting fired and misled her to sign a document that seems equivalent to her resigning or quitting. I would just like to prevent the company from doing this to others in the future. Yeah I assumed this would be the case. Posting here as some sort of last resort. Thanks for the response!  Not that I can see. First, absent an employment contract you can be fired at any time for nearly any reason. You don't assert that an illegal reason exists(and your narrative doesn't lend to one) so there's no problem here. Second, if the business of the company is conducted in English, and your mother communicates with her bosses in English, then there's no issue with presenting her an English language document to sign. Third, even if the above two issues are a problem, your mother still voluntarily signed the document. You can, of course, argue that she was "forced", but absent a threat of some kind you're not winning that. Your mom's job didn't work out and she got fired. Sucks, but it happens. A contract signed in bad faith from one party (example, lying about the scope or knowing the other party doesn’t understand what they’re signing) is going to be hard to be enforce. She should file for unemployment and seek a new job. 