 TL;DR: I go to a state university in Pennsylvania, I found and reported a security vulnerability in a reporting software that allowed any student to sign in and run reports containing sensitive information. Now they may be pressing charges as well as punishing me within the university. I was watching a Defcon talk about information security when they mentioned a site that parses DNS information into a (more) human-readable format. So I ran a report against the university website and started looking at the various subdomains used by the university out of curiosity and, on one such site, I was greeted with a login page specifically asking for my university credentials. I logged in using my campus username and password and landed in some sort of reporting software. I clicked on one of the reports which downloaded a spreadsheet of all student names as well as their campus ID. That's when I realized that I wasn't supposed to have access to this site. Within minutes, I sent an email off to the head of the IT department detailing how I found it, stating I had no malicious intent, and that I didn't know what I had found until I viewed the report. The next day I was greeted by the police with a warrant and they seized my computer. As of this moment, the university is still undecided about whether or not they want to press charges for hacking (I believe the charges were [7613](), [7615](), and [5703](). I do not have the warrant on hand). On the administrative front, they are claiming that I violated the university code of conduct technology policy by "Attempting to gain or gaining unauthorized access to University Information Technology Resources, or to the files of another" and the punishments on the table currently include: University Probation (I'd have to resign from my club) Educational programs on Cybersecurity and why what I did is wrong (I don't mind this) Possible financial restitution (If the university deems necessary, I would have to pay to mail a letter of notification to every student on campus) I can either agree to take these punishments and lose the ability to appeal, or I can go before a conduct board and risk worse (or better) punishment. The worst that could happen is an expulsion, though I have been told that isn't very likely. I feel like I am being punished for helping the university find a problem before it became a problem. I'd like advice on how to proceed. Did I do anything illegal by logging in with my own credentials, into a site I had access to? If the university pressed charges, what are the chances that I could win? Should I try for lesser administrative punishment? Is there a precedent with something like this? I don't want to go looking for it again, but the landing page said something to the effect of "Please sign in with your \[University name\] login" with no warning as to what I was about to log into. The biggest issue I have with all of this is that I'm being treated like some malicious hacker that connived my way into the system. I found the site by looking in what is the equivalent of a phone book and logged in like I would my email. If I were malicious why the hell would I have sent them an email telling them about it? If you were in charge of a network and this happened, would this be your response? NAL, but a cyber security guy. You may be able to make a case that you didn't do anything wrong. You looked in with your appropriate credentials and weren't pretending to be anyone else, and their system let you in. You may have been simply looking for school resources. Additionally, you say that you were greeted with a login, do you remember the wording on the page? If it actually said "welcome" or something equally inviting, a case could be made that you were invited into the system. Unless it specifically said anything different, it could be viewed as a public site. Outside of the legal aspects however, the school could have different rules that may apply. Schools get to make their own rules about a lot of things. Unless they decide to drop it, you will want to talk with a real lawyer. You need a lawyer, specifically one that specializes in defense of computer crimes. For the university side of things? You might want to try contacting the ombudsman, they are obligated to be impartial and they may be able to help you navigate your options. You need a criminal defense lawyer.