 This is a very minor post compared to a lot of things on this sub but I figured I'd give it a shot. Also I'm a 16 year old from Ontario, Canada who doesn't know a thing about law so go easy if my questions are silly :P There's a decent sized drug store near my high school and myself and my buddies occasionally like to go there on our lunch break to buy candy or a drink or something. Recently a lot of kids have been hopping on this trend, but not an overwhelmingly large amount. The other day we went there and there was a lady standing just inside the door telling us we couldn't come in because there were too many kids in there. When we tried to enter after a few kids left, she said we still couldn't go in and even pushed me out (I wasn't trying to force my way in or anything). Older customers were allowed to enter. We ended up heading back to school a bit cheesed that we couldn't enjoy our sweet, unhealthy treats. Is this allowed? Can they really keep us out of their store just because we're teenagers? Again, I apologize if these questions are naive, but any help would be appreciated. The Ontario Human Rights Code protects people from discrimination under the ground of age. The Code defines age as 18 years or older. Persons 16 or older are only protected from discrimination in housing if not living with their parents. In this context, you were not discriminated against. Stores often do this for loss prevention, and to minimize liability against accidents (kids are pretty accident prone). Additionally, they might be trying to make sure that they stay within limits of their building occupancy as per fire code. They can refuse you entry for simply being private property. Stores are private property even though they’re open to the public. Other than reasons covered by anyidscrimination laws, the store can ban anyone they like. You can ask the manager politely if you can come in, but “no” is a complete sentence. Being a teenager isn’t quite protected that way. Conversely if Shoppers doesn’t want your business I’m sure one of the local Hasty Marts will be glad to serve you. 