 I purchased a violin for my child from a local music store in Pennsylvania. I paid $500 in cash as the store owner said it would cost much more if I used a card (yes, I'm an idiot). The store was having a retirement sale. Since then I have discovered that to be playable, it requires about $80-100 in work to take the neck off and change how it sits as it is affecting the bridge, plus new strings, new bow. So at least $200 in order to be able to use it, and even then it will be of very poor quality, which the repair shop told me. I asked to return it because I am frustrated that these things were not disclosed at the time of purchase but the owner says that it was a final sale and he is now closed. He did tell me he would consider trading me for a violin he was selling in the store for $300 (which I don't want to do because it sounded horrible even to my amateur ears). Should I have any reason to believe a local magistrate would require him to reverse the transaction or have I just learned a $700 lesson? And yes I do understand that I am an idiot and was unqualified to purchase a violin at all. You can't kick me any harder than I am kicking myself. I am also paying for my kid to play a rental violin which works/sounds about a billion times better than the one I bought.  [removed] Thank you for the information and link. I will read it carefully. That is what I wondered but didn’t have the language to look up.  Thanks for the clarification and additional info. The only potential argument I can see is that the violin is unmerchantable, which means, in non-legalese, that it doesn't perform the core functions that all violins should perform. The reason I bring this up is because under the UCC, there is an implied warranty of merchantability that goes with every sale of goods by a merchant, unless that warranty is properly disclaimed (which it wasn't). So yes, I think you have a viable case for a refund from the merchant. EDIT: Here's the relevant section from PA's version of the UCC: =HTM ttl=13 div=2 chpt=23 sctn=14 subsctn=0 I also want to add that I agree about the renting. She was finally ready for a full size and so I thought the time had come to buy an instrument but I waded in beyond my depth. I had hoped that by purchasing from a shop I would have a better experience than Craigslist or something.  The repair shop is very very professional and well regarded. The bridge will also need to be replaced but my limited understanding is that without correcting the way the neck sits it’s going to continue to be a problem. Per the music teacher, it would cost more to rehair the bow than to buy another bow of the same quality. And I do know strings need to be replace often and are not a big deal. If that was all there was I would have just bought them and moved on. It’s just that every part of this instrument needs to be corrected to be played and so I am now adding up everything required. So I did ask the repair shop what it would cost to make it playable in case I couldn’t return it. I also had a second repair shop look at it and their estimate was very close to the first shop’s estimate.   I'm not going to address your whole reply because it's unnecessary. Suffice it to say that I don't make assumptions about what a user means by an unusual or legal term (like "retirement sale" - which could also refer to retirement of a rental instrument), or about omissions. Sorry, it is kind of a long saga of this man and I arguing and I might have cut too much in an attempt to not talk for 3 pages. When I was there he had signs outside saying “retirement sale” and after I bought the violin he closed the business. He was cleaning out the shop when I went back to discuss the flaws of the violin with him. I did play the violin in the shop and so did my child but she is young and I am not a violin player. We didn’t realize the problem until her teacher pointed out how the flaws of the violin were preventing her from accurately playing. Basically, you cannot play a single string in isolation. Yes, it is a used instrument. There was no language used regarding warranties or “as is.” The receipt is handwritten and very faint. It really can’t be read.  To clarify for the OP some things that you missed: A retirement sale means that the business is going to close, and therefore they are selling everything and usually at steep discounts. Next, they clearly state that they don't play the violin. I don't think you do either, because the lay person can't just pick one up and make it make a beautiful sound on their first bow pull. Even if they could, they wouldn't know what to look for. They discovered the issues when they took it to a repair shop to be looked at.  I feel like you're omitting something. First, what do you mean by "retirement sale"? Also, it seems unlikely that you would have bought the violin without trying it. Why did you not discover the problems before you bought it; and when and how did you discover the problems? Finally, was this a used instrument? Did the purchase docs include any language like "no warranty" or "as is"? And the repair shop you took it to didn't even float a different bridge instead of taking the whole neck off of it? And they'd do such extensive work on such a cheap piece? And they didn't tell you strings are a cheap self-fix? What about the bow needs fixing, the hairs or the wood? Edit: I'm trying to say the repair shop sounds suspect to me. On top of that, consider renting instruments for children unless they are fully grown. Buying a quarter, then half, then full will really cost you.