 We moved into a rental house in April this year on a one year lease. Last Monday, our dog was in the backyard and we heard him and the neighbors dog barking at each other like crazy. Just as we got to check it out, we hear our dog crying and whimpering. Turns out that a loose cinder block on top of a section of the shared wall (that we didn’t know was even there because tree branches cover it) fell down and broke our dogs leg, causing approximately $3000 in vet bills to fix. We were confused on how the dog on the other side could have knocked the cinder block down. Today, on a hunch, we checked that section of wall, and it is extremely loose, one good push will knock it down entirely. When we reported it to the property manager, he thinks that the owner, who is a penny pincher, will opt just to let us out of our lease, and maybe sell the house. We absolutely can not afford to move again so soon. Would be it reasonable to ask for moving expenses, deposit back, and vet bills if that is their solution? Does the owner have a duty to keep the property safe? We have two small children, thank goodness that cinder block didn’t land on one of them.  No, we rent the whole stand alone house. There was a move-in inspection by us, this was not noticed as we didn’t think to push on a seemingly solid wall. We checked with renters insurance and no dice. Thanks for your help.  They do, does the landlord live in the same residence? Was there a pre-move in inspection? You indicate that you have lived there since April. Problem is if the landlord does not know how can they repair? Review your lease and see what it says about repairs. Also review your renters insurance policy. Good Luck. Shared brick wall, but the wall was put up by this property because it also wraps around the pool in the front of the house, and no idea if the landlord knew, however do they not have a duty to ensure that walls are safe? Was the landlord aware of the issue with the fence? If so, then you possibly have a case for vet bills. If the landlord was not aware I don’t think you have much of a case. It sounds like this a shared cinderblock fence? I don’t see any reason to break the lease. 