 In February of this year, I lost control over ice on a country rode and went into the ditch. Myself and my car were fine but a police car happened to be driving by so I sat in the car with him until someone came to pick me up. He took my license, registration, etc and then I went home with my ride. My parents own a towing company and vehicle repair company so they came and got my car and fixed the damages for free and never reported it to their insurance, which is my insurance as I was a high schooler at that time. Apparently however, the cop reported that as an accident and suspended my license until proof of insurance was provided. He never told me and no correspondence ever came in the mail asking me to do anything or telling me my license would be suspended. Fast forward to about a month ago, I'd now been driving for months with a license I didn't know was suspended, and someone rear-ended me at 60 mph while texting and driving, and I was at a full stop with my turn signal on, waiting for cars to go by so I could turn left. He was determined completely at fault and admitted to that being the case. At the scene of the accident cops took my license and my insurance info and never told me my license had been suspended and again never sent anything in the mail. Now, two days ago a cop investigating a disturbance in my friend's neighborhood stopped me when I walked outside of my friend's house and asked for my license. I complied even though I didn't see any reason for a cop to make me give him my license if all I'm doing is sitting outside my friend's house. He ran the number and informed me it was suspended, and now I'm freaking out a bit. My question is, can I be held responsible for all this because I didn't have a license at the time of the crash? I don't even have my own insurance, I'm on my parent's plan and they told me everything was taken care of. The police never told me my license was suspended or going to be suspended, and if any mail was sent I never got it. Maybe my parents did but I didn't. Am I in legal trouble for being in an accident with no license? The no license and no insurance should be a separate matter from the accident. File a claim with the at fault party insurance.  You may have an argument that your parents withheld your mail and thus you didn't get the notice of your license being suspended, but this is unlikely to fly in court unless you go make a complaint with the USPS which could file felony charges against your parents. Also telling the court any of this could lead to your parents being charged with insurance fraud. If you're over 18 you may get charged with insurance fraud if you don't report it to them either, so I'd get on that if I were you.