 Location is OK Bit of back story: So I hired a divorce attorney in October paid him for an uncontested divorce. I got papers signed and notarized to him by January 2019. My husband, who is in the military, is refusing to sign. My lawyer states the best course of action is to hire a new lawyer to file a contested divorce since he is becoming a judge soon he can no longer help me with my case. He also states since he has done the majority of the work that I paid him for he cannot give me a refund. Is there anything I can do to get my husband to sign these documents since he is in the military? Is my lawyer right to keep the money? Any advice at all would be greatly appreciated. Thank you Thank you I’ll look into how to get my half for food and housing. Well that’s an issue you need to deal with. If he’s getting money for housing and food you are to get a part of it, at least while you are married. Sounds like you are rushing and don’t really know your rights. That’s what you should focus on. Oklahoma has a ton of military divorce experts. Also if he’s committing fraud, you knew about it before and now that it suits you, you want to report it? It certainly doesn’t paint you in a good light.  He’s not sharing his military pay though. He’s collecting all of the money for himself. I was also thinking of reporting him for benefits fraud. Leadership does not care if he is married or divorced. It won’t matter where you serve him if he isn’t interested in signing. What’s in this for him? Focus on that. It makes more sense for him to sign now because otherwise costs go through the roof for attorneys, mediation, his continued sharing of his military pay, etc.  I agree. What if I served him at work? Since he is in the military it might make his leadership get involved and get him to sign?  Maybe. If you owe him money on his fee, he can use the filing deposit for that, unless you have a fee agreement that says otherwise. Depends on how much the fee was, how much time he put into the case, and what your contract stares. Your time is better spent finding a new lawyer or convincing your ex to sign the paperwork.  Thanks! I don’t believe I paid him a retainer but I did pay him for filing fee. Can I get this back?  Your lawyer is entitled to keep the fee for the work he performed. It's beyond your lawyer's power (and therefore outside his responsibility) to make your husband sign the papers, so you can't use that as a basis to request a refund. He does, however, have to refund any unused portion of your retainer.