 So, my 28 year old autistic son is in jail right now and I need some help. So he likes to hang out at a local video game shop and make friends there. One of these friends, well call her K, he had a relationship with that me and his father didn't know about. I have texts between the 2 of them and she told him she was 19. Well, she apparently (on multiple occasions) brought him to her house and had sex with him. So this is where the problem comes in, K is 15. K's parents found out about him and went to the police and now my son is in jail. I talked with the police and they say he most likely will be charged with statutory rape. Along with this, K claims he recorded them having sex and sent it to people over a internet chatting service. The police confiscated our computers and said that if they find evidence of that they will charge him with child porn possession and distribution too. I really don't know what to do here. I'm getting funds together to bail him out and looking into lawyers and I wan't to know what can I do. My son is autistic and is unable to work or live on his own and most likely will never understand what he did was wrong. Do we have any chance to fight this? I have texts between the two of them showing that K lied and manipulated him. Because he is autistic does this count as her taking advantage of him? thanks. Depends on the state. It's completely appropriate. Mental disbilities do not excuse sex crime, especially in the event of a person who does not understand the word No or rather, refuses to take No for an answer. But still, a 20+ year sentence is not appropriate and is a waste of public resources.  It boggles my mind how much parents of disabled parents use their condition to excuse them from learning even basic social life skills. The kid does something and instead of correction or discipline, the parent laughs and says "It's ok, he's _________." Coddling and pampering like this leads to what is nothing short of criminal negligence.  Lawyer for your son immediately. No other option. Time is of the essence. Don’t talk to anyone else about this. Don’t talk to your son about this other than to tell him not to talk to anyone except the lawyer. This is not something that you are going to explain your son’s way out of.  [deleted] thank you for clarifying!  That's true in many states but not all.  [removed] In many states statutory rape is basically a strict liability crime, which means that if you are mistaken about the victim's age or the victim lies about her age it's not a valid defense. But it could be used in a sentencing phase as to why the sentence should be more lenient. You really need to consult with a criminal defense attorney. Shouldn’t, statutory rape is strict liability. Mistake of fact is not a defense. IANAL. Law student.  Do her texts claiming to be 19 matter at all?  [Statutory rape in New York is a strict libaility crime.]() That is, there are no mitigating factors that can prevent a charge if the act has occurred, and mens rea is not a requirement to convict for the crime. Her deceit about her age is not a defense against the crime of statutory rape. Unfortunately, strict liability also means that the extent of your son's autism cannot be a valid defense due to reduced mental capacity. In the case of Garnett v. State, 632 A.2d 797 (Md. 1993), the highest court in Maryland ruled that that even in a case where a mentally retarded 20 year old could not use his diability as a defense against the strict liability against statutory rape against a 16 year old. If I understand the argument of [this article correctly,](=1827 context=faculty_scholarship) your son's autism may not even be able to be introduced at trial because it is irrelevant to the strict liability of the crime under New York code. You need to get your son the best lawyer who can pursue the most vigorous defense possible. The problem is that there's online discussion between him and his friends and that will identify if he actually knew or not. If he did, World of pain. If he did not, less pain, but still painful because he manufactured and distributed it. If he did it without her consent, worse. If she states her age in the video, that may be useable evidence to his defense unless she also states her real age at some point. "Officially induced error".  You're conflating mistake of law as a (non-) defence to a criminal charge with the honest mistake/good faith exceptions to the exclusionary rule. Those are, conceptually, totally different things.  This latter part takes this from a simple 1-2 year sentence/probation slap on the hand and a permanent sex offender registry and turns it into a serious 25 to life scenario. If he was competent enough to make, manufacture and distribute this content, he could also be argued to be competent enough to understand the law and stand trial even if he is disabled. Your son is likely going away for a long time. If he knows how to record this and how to share this, he knew what he was doing and he knows enough to also know he should not so this. He likely also knew she was under age and his online friends are enjoying what is ephebophile porn, which is classified under pedophile porn, which means he not just had sex with an underage girl, but he also manufactured and distributed what is classified as child pornography. Ifbthey search his comouter and find child porn, he may be facing 25 to life. I don't see the point in bailing him out, to be honest. Save that money and get him a decent lawyer if the public defender is not good enough for you. Just because he's autistic does not mean he is not culpable for his actions.  You need to lawyer up. I'm not sure if he has a diminished responsibility defence. But he is looking at jail time. Both you and he need to be prepared for that. Get not just a good lawyer, but one that specializes in sex offenses. Be aware that the law often doesn't care one bit about mental capacity. I know a person who was clearly completely psychotic (the court's own psychologist even told the judge on the stand that the guy had no idea what he was doing, not to mention half a dozen other psych, psychiatrists, and mental health counselors) but still the person was sentenced to a year. Good point in not revealing too much information. I’d highly suggest deleting this post altogether once you’ve ascertained the information you need.  Not to mention if he does understand consent, he may not understand why someone might lie about their age. If he doesn't really understand the concept of lying very well, then he can't make decisions well either. Of course it is, it's used on an almost weekly basis throughout the country. OPs son isn't a cop tho so he isn't eligible to use it. i mean it is but it requires like the da telling you that its not illegal which uh, doesnt happen edit: not sure why people are downvoting, mistake of law is a defense in some niche circumstances Your right sorry. I mistook mistake of fact (which is a defense) with mistake of law (which isn't). That's a mistake of law, which is not a defence. In most states, sex with a minor is a strict liability crime, meaning it does not matter if the underage girl lied about her age - it is/was up to your son to verify her age. I would agree that this is unfair, but it is the law and will not be a viable legal defense. What your lawyer will probably try to do is one of two things: either attempt a defense to criminal liability based on his ability to give consent, assuming that he is not able to give consent due to his disability. The other path is sadly a plea deal. IMO the absolute most important thing for you to do besides getting a lawyer is find a way to tell your son that he should not talk to the police. A lawyer is great, but if your son decides to gab to the cops about literally ANYTHING it could destroy your case, and there is nothing that the highest priced lawyer in the world could do about it.  [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): ಠ_ಠ Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [deleted] The law's pertaining to age of consent (I know it's a stretch). [removed] Make a few backup copies of the evidence for yourself just in case it gets lost at any point. Attorney first. Do not let you son answer questioning alone. Don’t take any kind of plea or agree to a lie detector test or any other thing they try to manipulate him into. My brother went to jail for some time for an accusation of rape and is also autistic. They are NOT protected a all in my experience. Get a lawyer and get a good one.  [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Hire a good criminal defense attorney. Edit: By recording and distributing it, it also undermines a defense or mitigating argument that the minor coerced him.  [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] As others have said, attorney before bail, unless you can afford bail without using a bondsman. What fact did he make a mistake about other than her age? [removed] Not an attorney. I work on forensic evaluations. As everyone else has said, get an attorney, particularly one that has experience with sex offenses. After the initial triage has been taken care of, psychologically, there are a couple routes you could take, although the specific terms and practices vary from state to state. The first is competency. Essentially with competency, a psychologist will assess whether someone has a factual, rational understanding of the proceedings before them, and can participate in their own defense. They will look at his records from past providers, the police reports/ legal info, and utilize a number of psychological measures specifically geared to assess that capacity. In my experience, the attorney is the best identifier of issues of competency, rather than the family, as they are more removed from the situation. Criminal responsibility can be explored in conjunction with this, as there is a lot of overlap in the reports/mechanisms. The second is a sexual risk evaluation. Essentially, the psychologist is using empirically derived assessments to ascertain the likelihood of engaging in a similar act in the future. This will examine his understanding of his actions, as well as static and dynamic variables associated with an offense of this type. They will also include collateral information, similar to the evaluation above. It is my understanding that this can be used to as a bargaining chip with the prosecutors, as well as taken into account during sentencing after a trial. Forensic evaluations cannot be paid for through insurance, as they are not deemed “medically necessary.” I have seen these reports go for anywhere from $500 to $11,000. If this progresses to that stage, be prepared for the expense. It is also important to take into account that once a court order exists for the evaluation, there is no confidentiality. That completed report will go into the court record. If one seeks one privately, on the recommendation of the attorney, the resulting report could be covered by attorney client privilege (although there are some exceptions to this as well based on your state’s legal statutes, where you go for the eval, and the specific case). Good luck!  [removed] [removed] I don't know how likely either of them are to work (or if 'mistake of age' is even a thing in NY). But a lawyer is critical here. The "Mistake of age" defense is unlikly to work but depending on if they see him as mentaly defective he could get aquited. OP's son/the suspect is 28 per the original story. [deleted] You need to be prepared--if you bail him out, he may have pre-trial conditions on that bail that could include having to check in weekly with a probation officer, wearing an ankle monitor, and staying 1,000 feet away from places where kids gather. So you might have to supervise him a lot more closely until this gets resolved. [removed] Also, serious question. Is your son capable of giving consent? You shouldn't answer here but it's something I'd think about before you saw the lawyer. No no, attorney first. Not a lawyer, used to work with this population. Has your son had a sexual assessment done? I worked in a group home setting; usually higher functioning individuals had them done. Basically, it says whether or not an individual understands sex, consent, sexual safety, etc. If the person is unable to consent, then if another individual (disabled or not) who DOES understand consent, has any sexual contact with the person unable to consent, then it's considered abuse/sexual assault. Idk if this is helpful, but if he hasn't had a sexual assessment, maybe see if you can get him one while on bail. It might help you with the court case. I think any therapist who specializes in spectrum disorders can do it. I do wish you luck, it always breaks my heart when something like this happens with these individuals; many people don't understand the wide variety of issues people on the spectrum face. I got into contact with his therapist and she gave me a reference to a lawyer here who has handled cases involving people with disabilities, I'll probably call that number tomorrow too. I've gathered the examination done on him 2 years ago stating he has a metal age of 12 and will be bringing it tomorrow  NAL or a therapist, but a mental age of 12 may be low enough to raise a capacity defense. If your son is “non-consenting” himself it may 1) give him a leg up, or 2) convince the DA it’s better to let this one go. Those are hard sells though, so don’t skimp on the lawyer. Not a lawyer...special ed teacher. Contact your local ARC to see if they can provide assistance (518) 439-8311. They sometimes help people with developmental disabilities who are having legal issues. You may also want to collect as much data as you can find that explains your son's development level. This is a terrible situation for everyone involved. You can't change the title, but you can edit the body of the post to clarify/correct the mistake. Put it in bold at the top of the post, like "EDIT: TITLE SHOULD HAVE SAID X, NOT Y". [removed] Yes i'm really sorry about that. I typed this in a rush. How do I change the title? I can't find the option After talking with a trusted friend who is knowledgeable about this we found an attorney and have an appointment with them tomorrow. I have printed the whole text conversation out and my son will be joining me tomorrow after we bail him out today.  Multiple doctors have placed his mental age at 12. We worked with him to a point where we could trust him to go to places close by (less than a 10 minute walk or 15 minute bus ride) and keep in contact with us. This was most likely a mistake on our part though She lied to him from the start about her age and before they had sex from what the texts say. We've talked with him about sex before but never about the age of consent because me never thought he would get into this situation, we were wrong apparently.  We have an appointment with an attorney tomorrow. We are bailing him out today and he will be coming with us tomorrow. Me have an appointment with an attorney tomorrow and I'm going to be bringing the text in print form We have an appointment with an attorney tomorrow, My sons mental age is somewhere around 12, we allow him to go to places close by (like the game shop) alone as it is only a 5 minute walk from our house. We have an appointment with an attorney tomorrow. Might want to correct "not" to "now" in your title. The typo gives it a whole different meaning. As others have said, you need to get him an attorney like ten minutes ago. NY is a strict liability state when it comes to statutory rape so the fact that she lied or any impact his autism has on his ability to tell her age likely won't be relevant. Given the age gap he'll likely be charged with a felony. Even if he can't work or live on his own it could be difficult to convince a prosecutor (or, eventually, a jury) that he couldn't form the intent to commit the crime based on mental defect since he is capable enough to hang out at a video game shop and clearly was able to go to this 15-year-old girl's house unsupervised.  Autism alone doesn't prove anything because it's such a broad spectrum. You say he's unable to live or work on his own, but at the same time, the story demonstrates a reasonable degree of awareness and ability to interact with the world. For that matter lying to him about her age at all will suggest that he has a decent understanding of the relevance of age to sex, and if he did indeed record them having sex and post it online... it's going to be hard to show him as sufficiently mentally incapable to make her the abuser here. Your lawyer will give you better advice. You might be better off angling for mitigation rather than trying to have him found not guilty. New York has a LOT of different statutes they might decide to charge him under, which will affect what sentence he faces. Good news is that if she's 15 a lot of the worst categories will not apply (many of the felonies specify 'under 15'), and your evidence may help make it clear that he was not using any sort of force against her. So it may be possible to come out of this with less than a year's sentencing. [removed] You absolutely need to find a good attorney. As others have mentioned there is no mistake of age defense in NY and mental incompetence is a high bar. This being said, you have evidence that K deceived your son and an attorney will talk to the DA prosecuting the case and may be able to come to a plea deal. Make sure you have all relevant information available during your consultation with an attorney and they should be able to explain their plan for going forward. While time is obviously of the essence it is important for you to find an attorney that you are comfortable with and has positive outcomes in similar cases. Best of luck.  I need more coffee, but my google foo suggests that mistake of age isn’t a legal defense in NY either. But given the circumstances such evidence might help in playing to the prosecutors sense of fairness. No attack taken, all good. OP says in title NY in title not sure of their laws as. [removed] ~~Wasn’t attacking you, just making sure OP knows that since VA is the location, the lack of the defense regarding age is the law. While I agree that they should gather this evidence as a potential bargaining tool with the Commonwealth’s attorney, it’s important for them to know it’s not a legal defense.~~ VA isn’t the location, I can’t read apparently. Although my google foo suggests that mistake of age isn’t recognized in NY either. Defenses as well as punishments vary by state. As I said OP should retain a lawyer immediately and gather any evidence possible while waiting. Mental incapacity has worked before in cases where it shouldn’t. Especially if he is declared autistic by a doctor. Better than sitting and doing nothing but as everyone has said lawyer ASAP.  ~~Mistake of age, even where it is the result of a lie, isn’t a valid defense in Virginia. OP’s mid needs an attorney immediately, because this is a class 4 felony and from the facts as presented to us mental incapacity would be the only defense, and that’s a long shot.~~ Somehow I misread this, OP is in NY, not VA... apparently even at 2pm I need more coffee... that said, google suggests mistake of age isn’t a defense in NY either. If he is charged, then you'll need a lawyer. That lawyer can guide you through a possible "mental defect/insanity" or a "mistake of age" defense. No one can guess how successful that will be. If he's able to be unsupervised enough to have sex with a girl, it may be difficult to prove. I had a situation where the girl lied about her age too. I’m no lawyer. My advice save any evidence you have where she claims to be older (hopefully in texts or somewhere where she LIES about her age) and share that with your attorney only! I had a situation like this and because I had proof that she lied about her age and presented herself to be older than she truly I was not held accountable and she presented herself as of age. Only speaking from experience I am by no means a lawyer. I would advise him not to speak unless a lawyer is present either!  He needs an attorney. Get money for an attorney, then bail money. An attorney may be able to get the bail amount reduced. The attorney will likely plea not guilty by reason of insanity and/or competency, but those are very high bars. I've seen many reports state that a person has several mental illness, but does not meet the legal definition.  Save the texts and get a good lawyer. This has really passed beyond the realm of what LA can help with.