 tl;dr: A replacement transmission failed in the middle of a road trip, and we had to have it replaced at a dealership \~500 miles from the mechanic, A\, who did the initial work. The transmission had been installed poorly and used the wrong transmission fluid which caused it to fail. It was also under warranty. Now mechanic A is refusing to refund us unless we pay to have the transmission freighted from the dealership back to his shop. Mechanic B at the dealership, and everyone else we've spoken to, thinks this is out of bounds and not our responsibility. We're trying to figure out what we're actually entitled to in this scenario and what avenues we can pursue. \---- Mechanic A is located in New Jersey. Mechanic B is in Pennsylvania. My spouse and I just moved from New Jersey to California. \---- Before beginning our drive across the country, my spouse and I took our 2013 Subaru Outback into Mechanic A's shop for a tune-up, and they told us the transmission was in trouble (we'd been hearing a wub-wub sound upon acceleration). We had this confirmed by another mechanic, and opted to get the work done by A. They told us they would refurbish a junkyard transmission and it would have a 6,000 mi/6 month warranty. We agreed, they did the work, and it cost $3400 for all parts and labor. Three weeks later, we've started this road trip, and make it about 230 miles into Pennsylvania, when the car suddenly stops accelerating, we smell smoke, and have to pull over to the side of the expressway. I have a sinking suspicion that it's the new transmission. We get towed to the nearest Subaru dealership, and mechanic B does a quick assessment which confirms it is the transmission. Upon further investigation, B discovers several issues with the installation. In his words: \-”One of the top bellhousing bolts was completely loose. This does NOT bode well for the workmanship of the installation.” \-”The transmission fluid pan and rear differential were very poorly resealed.” \-”The BIGGEST issue thus far-- they used the wrong fluid! Factory CVT fluid is blue, and its aftermarket equivalent is clear/light amber. RED fluid is normal ATF and will destroy the CVT’s internals.” There is nothing else wrong with the vehicle, so we decide to have mechanic B replace this transmission with a new one. It costs us a week plus another \~$7500. At this point we've been in contact with A, and he agrees to refund us the $3400, but only if we pay $300 to have the transmission freighted from Pennsylvania to New Jersey, so that he can get the refund on the part from the person he bought it from. B says this is ridiculous and not something we should expect to pay, and that's how it seems to us, too. The transmission is only stuck in Pennsylvania in the first place because it failed, and it failed not just because of a mechanical issue but because of the poor workmanship in installing it. My mother is a lawyer in Ohio (although specializing in family law), and she also believes it is the responsibility of mechanic A to recoup his own costs while issuing us a full refund. Mechanic A completely refuses to budge on this. We've even offered to pay half the cost of freighting the transmission, and he refused that as well. This doesn't make sense to me; I feel we're entitled to our full refund, and recovering the original transmission should be the responsibility of mechanic A. I don't know where we stand legally, however. I'm not sure about what exactly we're entitled to or how to go about it. We've since filed complaints with the NJ Dept of Consumer Affairs and the BBB, but not sure what to expect from those processes. This is somewhat further complicated by us now living in California. We can only communicate with mechanic A via phone or text, there's a little bit of a language barrier, and his refusal to budge means we're currently at an impasse. In short: what is the extent of our responsibilities and liabilities, here? How do we get this refund? What other avenues are available to us for recovering this cost? Thank you in advance for any advice or perspectives.