 In the last week of October. I was involved in a accident, where a guy. Was pulling out of a parking lot into a 2 lane divided highway (middle lane in between was a turn lane). It was a minor thing. He has scratched on his front bumber, nothing else. While, I had a decent size dent in my rear bumber. We exchanged info and went one our way. No police were called. I phoned both of our insurances and made a claim to both. Making sure that I said. The other guy was at fault. A couple days later. I remember that the parking lot had cameras so I went in to get the video evidence from those. I had to file a police report to get them. A week or so after this. I got a call from the guys insurance (geico) saying they had gone through all the evidence and what not. And found me, at 50% to blame. I was of course really confused of why this was until they told me. Guy (or jackass) reported that I turned not from the middle turn lane but, instead the main highway lane. And now. I was finaly able to get the video record of the crash. While it's hard to tell what lane I'm in. It looks pretty clear that jackass just didnt see me while turning left. So all in all my question is, can I press charges or something against jackass for making a "false claim?" Bc if I didnt have the evidence of the video. It's likely I'd be screwed. TL,DR. Got in a wreck about a month ago, in by all accounts should've been an easy thing to deal with. Guy (who hits me) lies about what lane I was in making his insurance think I'm half to blame. Found video evidence of his lie. Wondering if I can press charges or something against him for lying. Ahhh alright. Thanks for the info.  Gotcha. Thanks.  If his insurance is denying your claim of him being at full fault because they believe you were in the wrong lane, your video evidence likely needs to refute that claim. If the video you have doesn’t show you in the correct lane, it probably doesn’t do you much good. They aren’t claiming their client wasn’t at fault, they’re claiming you share fault. Your video seems to just confirm he is also at fault... it doesn’t remove their claims of your fault.  "false claim?" You can't press charges, at all. The police or prosecutors do that. You could sue him if you can prove that he lied and that the lie cost you damage. You don't have the former, and you don't appear to have the latter. You have evidence he was wrong, which is different than having evidence he was lying. And since it doesn't appear to have cost you any damage, it's irrelevant.