 In my state, civil unions and marriages are identical in terms of state effects. Both are offered, but it’s a difference of name only, and in fact that identical nature was specifically formulated in the law legalizing gay marriage. However, the federal government, while not issuing marriage licenses itself (a state level function) only recognizes “marriage” for certain federal purposes, but not “civil unions”... [As an aside, I’ve heard the reason my state offers both is because some people don’t want to lose federal benefits that would be lost if they remarried...so they choose a civil union instead to still get the state-level protections (which are the “important” ones; inheritance, power of attorney, hospital visits, insurance, etc) without losing certain federal survivor benefits from a previous spouse, etc] Now my same-sex life partner and I want to contract a civil union rather than a marriage based on our religious belief that “marriage” is more than just the civil institution (and is only between a man and a woman). But the federal government would be denying us benefits even though we are in a legally identical institution...merely because we don’t want the label “marriage” due to all its extra-legal implications (including the religious). To us it’s sort of like being a Quaker who wants to “Affirm” rather than “Swear.” Sure, in terms of civil legal effects they’re equivalent, identical in practical legal effect (which is all the law cares about in the end). But using the word “swear” has extra-legal religious and moral implications the Quakers don’t want to participate in. Similarly, they’re denying benefits for no practical legal difference, merely because we refuse for religious reasons to sanction/participate in the application of a label to a civic institution that we are nevertheless part of in every practical legal way (just under a different name) since the two are identical in our state (and indeed designed to be identical). Isn’t this religious discrimination? How is this any different than requiring a Quaker to “swear an oath” rather than “make an affirmation” to, for example, be able to take political office etc? How can the law treat two identical institutions (identical in terms of law, I mean) differently merely based on semantics, when those semantics have extra-legal religious implications that might be determinative in which label people want to enter the civil institution under?  Your question has been answered. If you want the federal government to recognize civil unions as marriage you need to get an attorney and argue it with a judge. Likely several judges.  Question begging. How is “marriage” being defined here other than “something called by the name marriage”? Because there is an extra legal concern. In that a marriage is the only codified legal entity that is afforded these rights. If you want to add to that entity or create a new one you need an attorney to challenge the existing statutes. That will be expensive.  It’s not a philosophical fight. The legal advice I need to know is this: is there a case to argue that the government has no rational basis for distinguishing between the two things if the only legal difference is the label? What would the federal government claim is its “rational basis” for making the distinction? If someone could tell me that (I’m not looking to argue, just to know what the argument is/would be)...then I’d know what I’m up against and could decide if it’s worth pursuing. Does the government have a rational basis for this distinction (one that doesn’t itself run afoul of Obergefell)? What is it? That’s begging the question. The question is why it recognizes one but not the other even in cases where the state institution going under those names is identical. In other words, what is the “rational basis” for distinguishing between otherwise identical state institutions based merely on label? This is not engage in arguments. This is legal advice. You have an answer to your question. If you want to have a philosophical debate go elsewhere.  The difference is our federal government recognizes marriage by law. It doesn’t recognize civil unions. Define HOW they are not the same, in a way that doesn’t beg the question. That’s what I’m asking. That’s the essence of my legal question here. (Are swearing and affirming the same, or different? If they’re “the same,” why do we consider the difference grave enough to allow conscientious objectors to Affirm rather than Swear? But if they’re “different,” then how is Affirmation a legal acceptable equivalent? The answer is that they’re the same in terms of legal effect, but different in terms of extra-legal concerns.) It seems to me that the only difference between civil union and marriage in my case is that they carry different extra-legal cultural cache. As there’s no legal difference other than the label, so what is the federal government’s compelling legally relevant reason for treating them differently? The whole point of Obergefell is that you can’t distinguish things based merely on extra-legal concerns like that if there’s no compelling legally relevant difference. Or no? You apparently just want to argue. You have your answer. Get married, don’t get married. Civil unions are not the same. Period.  I’m not a sovcit, lol. But see this is the constitutional contradiction I see. It WAS ruled discrimination in Obergefell to be denied the legal grant of a word (“marriage”) as you understand it, even if you were granted all the other practical rights (as in civil unions) So why wouldn’t the inverse be also true? Being denied rights for not using the word “marriage” even when you’re in a union that is for all practical legal purposes identical. In the first case, you are still being discriminated against because you disagree with the state that “marriage” only refers to the union of a man and woman. In the second case, it’s discrimination because you disagree that marriage is sex-neutral. How did we go from a situation where gays couldn’t even get the label “marriage” and it’s associated federal rights (even if they had all the same state-level rights under a civil union)...to a situation where gays now HAVE to participate in that labeling in order to get the associated federal rights (even if we have all the same practical obligations and rights under a civil union). Well, what legislation? I’m asking about the constitutional question. The ruling that states have to offer the label “marriage” equally to same-sex and opposite-sex unions was, at least in large part, a ruling that you can’t make a legal distinction between things for extra-legal reasons if there is no legally relevant distinction. A state might believe that straight unions and gay unions are different philosophically or religiously, and that’s a question the government won’t wade into, but that is irrelevant to the legal question (ie, they couldn’t prove any rationale compelling enough to enshrine the distinction in law) so legally they can’t impose a distinction of label for extra-legal reasons. I’m actually all behind that. It’s logical, and doesn’t actually threaten anyone’s religious freedom. But then doesn’t the inverse have to be true too? If it’s unconstitutional to label legally identical things differently...wouldn’t that imply it’s also unconstitutional to treat legally identical things differently merely because of label? Because if the two things are identical in all practical legal affects...then the only possible reasons you could offer for distinguishing between them based merely on label...would have to be extra-legal, no? And wasn’t the whole point of the ruling that it’s not the government’s job to discriminate semantically based on extra-legal concerns? The federal government has that right because it has been empowered to do specific things like this via legislation. Again, if you want to challenge this you need an attorney and a checking account. Not a screed on Reddit.  Mm, I think the argument was that even if they’re civilly identical, forcing a difference of label on them was discrimination because a different label can be seen as the government upholding a certain ideology rather than being neutral. But it probably wouldn’t have been unconstitutional to “get out of the marriage business entirely” and only call the civil institution “civil union” for everyone. You seem to be thinking the court ruled on the cultural or philosophical definition of marriage. I don’t see that as an accurate reading of the ruling; I read the ruling as basically saying the government CAN’T rule on that question, and thus has to offer the same labels to everyone for legally identical things, exactly because the legal implications are identical, and the government can only care about the legal implications, not extra-legal philosophical implications. But what I’m facing is sort of the “other side of the coin”...if state governments aren’t allowed to impose a difference in label on the same set of rights (for extra-legal reasons)...why can the federal government withhold rights merely on account of a label (whose difference in implications are purely extra-legal)? Like...if state governments can’t distinguish even just semantically between arrangements they believe are marriage vs ones they don’t (at least not on a certain basis)...what is the federal government’s grounds for distinguishing between identical arrangements merely because of semantics? Like, labels either matter or they don’t, no? If state governments are not allowed to treat unions differently based on sex and must offer the label “marriage” to either...why would the federal government be able to treat legally identical unions differently based merely on a label? It seems like that’s an imposition of label-neutrality on the states, but then the federal government is not being label-neutral, if you see what I’m saying. Like, state governments can’t treat legally identical things different in terms of the labeling of them...but then the federal government can treat legally identical things different on account of the labeling of them?? If States failed to prove a compelling reason to treat same-sex unions and opposite-sex unions differently under law in terms of label...then what is the federal government’s compelling reason to treat legally identical marriages and civil unions differently merely because of label? I’m sure you can “swear” to something without invoking God in court too, btw. Doesn’t mean we force Quakers to “swear” rather than “affirm” (the point being that the word “swear” already implicitly contains religious baggage for them; just as “marriage” does for my partner and I). Now, if a state tried to rule atheists aren’t allowed to “swear” and must Affirm instead...then that would be religious discrimination and analogous to what you describe, I agree. A state couldn’t do that. But I’m talking about the other way around: not a question of being denied the use of a certain word, but rather being forced into the use of a certain word. And “swearing” has been used to describe making a legally binding affirmation in the secular courts for millennia. That doesn’t mean it doesn’t have extra-legal conceptual baggage, and doesn’t mean we force people with a conscientious objection to “swear” rather than “affirm.” No? On the state level, in my state, they are identical. My state’s law even specifically defines civil union in terms of marriage, defining it as conferring “the same legal obligations, responsibilities, protections, and benefits that state law provides to married spouses.” Everything but the name “marriage.” The federal government claims not to be issuing marriages itself, merely “recognizing” the state-level institutions. The federal government is therefore making a distinction between two legally identical things based only on the label applied, even though the difference in label carries no practical legal difference by definition. It seems like the federal government is thus essentially asking us to commit to a specific extra-legal philosophical definition of the word and concept of marriage before it will recognize our union, even though for legal purposes our union would be the same under a civil union in our state. It’s saying that to have our participation in a purely civil institution recognized, we also have to linguistically recognize that institution as being identical to a religious and cultural institution that we believe is distinct (and that we believe is not a mere creation of the state, which has no power over it, for anyone). Isn’t that similar to making someone “swear” rather than “affirm” (when such a person feels like “swear” commits them to certain extra-legal theological consequences that they do not want to be involved in)? What gives the government the right to legislate what we must call something when it itself can not formulate a practical difference other than the label itself? Shouldn’t it be based on legal substance, not label? You have hit on a substantial reason that the Supreme Court held that forbidding gay marriage is unconstitutional, and that is, civil unions are not the same as marriage. The lead plaintiff’s case surrounded treatment of taxes. It is entirely legal for the government to treat civil unions differently from marriage. If you want all of the benefits of marriage you need to get married. You can get married by any number of folks who will not use religious statements in the ceremony and you can write your own vows.  So you want the federal government to call your marriage something other than a marriage because you have strongly held beliefs against a word that's been used to describe a civil union between two parties legally for decades if not centuries? I mean, if you have infinite money and want to find a 1A lawyer who will take the case you can try to argue it. How far you'll get isn't something we can guess. Regarding you saying that these are identical legal terms; they clearly are not, as they provide different rights, despite the intention of the civil union.