 My cousin [21] was extremely drunk and wanted to walk home from my aunt’s house at 3am screaming how she “wanted to die” and will walk home [4K in -15C weather] and “get herself killed”. I tried stopping her but as she started hitting me and screaming, I pinned her down and tried to get her to calm down. She bit me and then kicked me with a decent blow to the head and I lost a dental crown. All while screaming that I should let her go and that she wanted to die. The police were called to diffuse the situation and she was extremely hostile towards them and everyone else in the house. The police asked me what happened and I showed him my tooth, and he asked me what I wanted to do and I said “I just want to go to sleep”, and he sent me on my way. She was not arrested and was instructed to go home via cab. The next day she made fun of me on social media, posting her perfect smile on snapchat, instagram, and twitter. I just saw the dentist today and got a consultation and the damages to my teeth will cost me about $2000. Would I be able to take her to small claims or will I need to press charges for assault? I have multiple witnesses that support my claims.  Thank you so much! I also kind of just want her to pay me without getting courts involved but she’s not cooperating. So I may have to just go through with it. I really appreciate your advice! Thank you so much, I’ll do this asap. I feel much more confident now. In the future NEVER do this again. Call the police amd other emergency services because your condict easily could trigger substantial consequences. File a police report now and go from there. You can sue in small claims but doing so without a police report will make things harder. NAL. Yes you can take her to small claims (under $25,000 in Ontario) in order to try recoup your dental costs. Check out [this]() for additional information. You can also go down to the police station and tell them you were assaulted and to file a police report. Also, since you are in Ontario, your medical costs (minus the dental work) are covered by OHIP. You most likely will not receive any compensation for your infection or bruises.