 I have lived in my house for about a year and a half. I renewed my lease on 4/1/2018 and my lease will be up on 4-1-2019. The house I live in is a condo, that’s I’m renting directly from the owner. The owner now wants to sell the house, and says that whoever buys it will occupy the house. She has asked if we have found a place yet, but we didn’t think we had to leave. Obviously she would love it if we got out, and we kind of want to. Can we ask for compensation? Just wondering because this is all moving so fast. We just found out two weeks ago that she was selling, originally she said she wanted to move in when our lease was up and we said we might be able to leave earlier if she needed the place. We were planning on taking our time to ind a house we really really love because the market around here is a lot of lower end properties. We have now been contacted by the realtor who asked to take pics of the house and try to show the house before Thanksgiving (this was on Sunday). We were in shock, we just found out about the sale and feel uncomfortable with our house being photographed and people walking through. The realtor also asked for a key which is okay, and they asked if we could leave the house during the showings. This is a lot, we have two kids 3 and 1. It’s very snowy outside and in order to leave the house it’s a lot of work, we need to clean the snow off the car and gets the kids bundled up. It takes about 30 mins just to leave the house. I checked my lease and there is no mention of sale. I’m just confused on what our rights are. Are they allowed to ask us to leave during showings? Do we need to clean the house for every showing? Will the lease be valid in the case of a sale? Please help, thanks 🙏  Generic, non- NY advice. Perhaps a lawyer in that area can clarify anything different in NY: 1. Your lease will remain until April 2019 unless you and your landlord agree to break it. You have a lot of bargaining power here. 2. The realtor, acting as an agent of your landlord, has to give you reasonable notice (per your lease, or local laws) for each and every showing they want to schedule. 3. You DO NOT have to do anything to accommodate them. That includes leaving, cleaning, taking pictures, etc. Do not give them a key. If your landlord wants the realtor to have a key, they can provide it. If you are interested in moving, you should talk to your landlord and try and negotiate. You can offer a "cash for keys" deal, where they will pay you to move out. Depending on how desperate the landlord is, here are some things to consider. - ALL of your security deposit back. - Moving expenses paid for (including movers) and any costs related with finding a new place to live. - A lump sum based on potential increased rent (if your rent at the new place is going to be 100$/mo more, ask for 100 per month left in your lease = $500). - Literally any expense you want to add. You've got the negotiating edge here. Start high and meeting in the middle...  You should not provide a key to the realtor...this is something the homeowner needs to handle. As to inspections, walkthroughs, showings, etc they generally are allowed to do this, but there is no requirement from you in so far as cleanliness and your presence. If you want to be present for these inspections in your jean shorts and Budweiser watching NASCAR, that is your right. Typical buyouts in this situation are 1-3 months rent plus moving costs. Start high...the remaining rent of the lease paid to you, and negotiate to something you are comfortable with. If you do not come to an agreement, the lease will survive the sale. IANAL 1. They can ask, but you don’t have to leave. There is nothing they can do to make you leave the house during a showing. 2. Legally you don’t have to have the place clean unless stated in your lease. 3. Check your lease for what happens during breach of contract if they try to remove you sooner than the date stated in the lease. Otherwise, from my understanding, you will be allowed to stay until the lease is up. Edit: This seems like a good guide. http://davidakaminsky.com/so-your-landlords-selling-your-apartment-a-guide-to-nyc-tenants-rights-2/ Your lease will exist through 4-1-19 unless an alternate agreement is made to amend the lease. The Landlord can offer cash-for-keys. The new owner will have to abide by the existing lease. It’s understandably difficult to sell an encumbered property. It may be worth finding out how much cash the LL would be willing to offer to buy you out, then looking for a new accommodation with the cash from the LL covering the moving costs.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.