 Me and my girlfriend moved signed a lease to our house in May and the lease started in August. We were told that construction right beside our home for a new bridge would be done before we moved in. Fast foward to August and they bearly started construction and we were told by our landlord that it would be over by the beginning of September. We raised our concerns with our landlord who told us that they would be done by October. This pattern has been repeating till now and there is no end in sight for this construction. The construction is ridiculously loud and starts at around 7 every morning. We sometimes wait 10-20 minutes to pull into our home. The workers pass by our home and hang around our home constantly. They park in our yard. There is a noisy water pump that runs all day and night. We have tried to get compensated by our landlord because this is not what we signed up for our in our lease agreement but she claims it is not her fault and that it is the state. We just are sick of it and want to know if we can take legal action. If the construction is being done for a public road by a public agency, the landlord has no control of the situation, and is probably relaying end dates that they've heard from the road department. INAL, but I doubt you could hold the landlord responsible for that. You can talk to the road department and let them know about the access/noise/worker issues, and they will try to mitigate that. Unfortunately, road construction projects can be delayed for a variety of reasons. If the bridge work is for the property you are leasing, you may have grounds for a claim against the landlord. Unless your lease specifically says anything about this, which I guarantee you it doesn't, you have zero legal grounds for anything here. The landlord has no control over the state and their schedule. This is part of life, and will actually end.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.