 Hi all, Last Thursday night while at the gym, I received an emergency text from a friend, and had to run out quickly and couldn't get my gym bag. I called back 45 minutes later and asked the gym staff to get it, which they did. At around 10:15, after the gym was closed, I used FindMyIPhone and verified that my Apple Watch was still at the gym. I came back on Sunday to pick up my bag, and noticed the Apple Watch and Airpods were missing. They are reviewing the footage, but at some point the bag was taken into the back room/lost and found, where they don't have any cameras. The local management I don't think will do anything, but planning to call corporate shortly. I'm going to file a claim against my renters insurance as well, but want to see if I have any recourse since they brought the bag behind their desk, and it seems likely that the gym staff stole the Watch/Airpods (~$700). Don't want to get anyone in trouble with the law, and just want them back, or to be compensated by the gym. Is there any legal recourse I can threaten, whether or not I actually go through with it? Yeah that's fair, but it's still a good first thing to try since it would only take maybe ten minutes or so I don't know how Find My iPhone works, if it saves searches and locations but using video footage and location history, I imagine it would be pretty easy to show.  Assuming OP has proof that the apple watch was even there to begin with. To me that what's difficult. Who's to say what was in the bag...maybe a million dollars! I work for a large retail gym and we aren't liable for stolen items in areas like locker rooms, we, at least management says, are responsible for items behind the desk and in employee-only areas. If the gym bag was behind the desk or in the lost and found (which is presumably an employee-only area), the employees could be in hot water for this.  If you left your gym bag unsecured in the middle of the gym, I highly doubt the gym will be responsible for loss of contents. My gym has "not responsible for lost or stolen items" signs everywhere. Do you have proof that when you signed in after leaving the bag that you could see the watch was still in the gym? In not, i doubt this will go far against the gym. Binary search is the best search, except it is possible for the bag to be moved back and forth. if the bag stayed in employee only areas the entire time it was in their possession then its gonna be pretty hard for them to deny an employee took it. It's likely that your tenant insurance will require a police report, so you'll have to contact the police either way. Call the cops, gym will have to turn over a copy of the footage or explain how suddenly their cameras didn't work for that time frame. Never threaten to call the cops, call them and don't give the place a warning edit: find whatever paperwork you can on the watch, have the serial number from it. If possible, use the find feature to see where it still might be Just a heads up, if you're looking for the point the bag was taken into the back, that should be doable pretty quickly. The way to search is 1. Look in the middle of the time window 1. If the bag is still there eliminate the first half of the time window (because the bag was moved afterwards), if it's not eliminate the second half of the time window (because the bag was moved beforehand) 1. Go to step one Repeating this ten times should get you down from two days to an about five minute period when it could have happened Where does FindmyIphone say it is now?  If you don’t want to get anybody in legal trouble, then why are you asking r/legaladvice? I say go have a conversation with the police about what happened. IANAL - I encourage you as well to file a police report. The gym, as employer, has an interest in weeding out any employees who steal assets - especially customers' assets. And if I was corporate, I would absolutely want to know that one of our facilities lacked cameras in a back room, and most certainly in a lost/found area where property is stored! Why would I want to know that? One function in accounting is to assess the quality of what is known as "internal controls." In simple terms, does a company have safeguards in place to ensure both the generation of reliable financial information, and the elimination (or minimization) of theft of company assets. If employees can steal from you, they can steal from their employer, as well. So, if you can establish that your Apple Stuff was at the gym after it was closed - and the police likely have experience in working with AppleCare with respect to investigations of stolen Apple customer property - filing a police report I would argue helps the corporate owner, as both of you have a common interest in eliminating employee theft. For reasons I cannot go into, though, you need to initiate the police report. AppleCare won't do that for you. Also, obtain your stolen devices' serial numbers - see here: - I believe the police will need them.  Good job dude, you brought personal opinion into a legal discussion. "Don't want to get anyone in trouble with the law..." They got themselves in trouble, you would only be reporting it.  I am sorry to hear that. Hopefully you get your stuff back. I am not a lawyer so I won't attempt any legal advice.  Call the police. That gets corporate's attention a lot faster than a direct phone call. We looked at the footage partially. It does show that the bag is taken into the backroom at some point over a two day period, but they still need to find that. However, there is no camera in the backroom, so it's a pretty big blind spot and doesn't likely have anyone on camera showing who likely took it out of the bag. If you're not going to follow through, don't threaten it. File a police report. The footage will (unless it magically disappears) provide evidence as to the whereabouts of your stuff at which point you would get it back. Are you worried the footage doesn't exist? When will you have results of the footage? 