 Location- Thomasville, North Carolina I replaced components in a customers phone and the phone was only functioning partially. I have told him that parts replaced are final but I refunded him $40 for labor but the total was $80. The parts are new but the phone seemed to have some slight water damage, regardless he told me to place them in anyway as I told him I have repaired many phones in this exact situation without any issue. The phone did not turn on at all before, but now only turns on for a short while and at times. He was very unprofessional in our last encounter and has tried to intimidate me by telling me he works in law enforcement. I have studied what would happen if his process went through and I apparently am at danger of having a warrant out for my arrest and I’m not sure what happens afterwards. I am only 18 and would like to avoid any run ins with the law as I’ve never been arrested or even pulled over before. I would definitely appreciate some advice on what I would I should do here.  People say stupid stuff all the time. From experience -- he's upset and just talking. That being said, being in the phone repair business you need to C.Y.A -- any time a customer comes to you and you can't see and test that a device is working, you need to let them know that there is a chance that nothing can be done or it could get worse. Every time. Especially water damage. If you can't get it fully functional, I wouldn't charge them at all. At most, since you're doing this on your own, they should pay for the cost of the part only. And, again, let them know before hand. I work with uBreakiFix, and there's very few customers who actually are like this but they do happen. Make sure you get in front of the problem each time. It makes it less likely to happen. You aren't getting arrested and there is a 99% chance he's just talking. This is a civil matter. People like this have no idea how to even start a lawsuit. "civil process" lol since you're a business you should keep it professional but i would tell him to pound sand. 