 Back on July 4th of 2017, I was pulled over in Big Pine Key, FL for speeding. The officer said I was doing 64/45, but I don't think that was true - I was maybe doing 55, but we had rented a red convertible, so we were basically asking to be pulled over. The fine was $236. I contested the ticket and, as I live in Texas, hired a traffic court attorney in Miami who said he could defend me without me having to appear. I was a little suspicious because that's at least a 3 hour drive. Fast forward to the trial, and I find out that my attorney did not appear, but a subcontracting lawyer of his, who I still don't even know this person's name, did. They negotiated a plea with the prosecutor for no points on my license, but an increased fine of $336. This astounded me because the points didn't even matter to me since I don't have a FL license. They wouldn't impose points on a TX license. The lawyer stopped responding to my emails and calls when I pointed this out and asked for him to appeal it. I haven't heard from him since. I talked to the clerk who said I could write a letter to the magistrate requesting a rehearing. I did this, citing ineffective assistance of counsel since the lawyer never disputed the facts of the case which are what I think are really at play here. Today I got the order back from the magistrate where he says "The penalty is imposed within the parameters of Florida Statute 318.14 and is therefore a legal penalty; Court records indicate the Defendant was represented by counsel and entered a negotiated plea; Court records and the Defendant's Motion do not specify an act on behalf of defense counsel that would indicate ineffective assistance of counsel; Defendant's Motion for Relief from Judgment is DENIED." What can I do now? Can I move to have it reheard? My letter (per the clerk's instructions) wasn't even an actual motion pleading - she didn't say I needed an actual pleading. This seems to me like a court that is cranked to just get traffic convictions from tourists, but if I don't pay the $336 then they will suspend my TX license - that I'm pretty sure they can do across state lines (I've had that happen before). Really would just like some actual justice here and a chance to have my case reheard with competent counsel that doesn't try and score me a deal that would only be good for a local. It's true that points expire -- but while they are there, they may affect the rates your insurance charges, and it's at least worth checking what the delta would be in insurance costs between the outcome that happened and the outcome you desired. That said, and with reluctance, the answer to your latest question is: yes, you can complain to the Florida bar. The Florida Bar has ACAP, the Attorney Consumer Assistance Program. ACAP handles complaints and can help either resolve problems before a formal complaint is filed, or assist you in filing a formal complaint. The ACAP telephone number is 866-352-0707. Points expire if I keep my nose clean. $100 doesn't magically show back up in my bank account if I keep my nose clean. I also take a huge ethical issue with how traffic citations work in this country - they are almost always a source of revenue and rarely objectively about public safety - if I committed a crime, great. Issue the points that track me towards a license suspension if I keep up this behavior, or revoke my license, or put me in jail. Don't just send me a bill and let me walk because you just got my donation for the policeman's ball. My principles tend to get in my own way quite often, but yes, I'd rather have spent the night in jail for reckless driving than give this community one cent - and, frankly, since this is the type of kangaroo court they choose to operate in Key West, they can rest assured that my family will never return to support their sole export, tourism, nor would I recommend anyone vacation there. If I have zero recourse with the court, do I have any recourse against this lawyer's conduct with the Florida Bar? Can I appeal to a higher court that maybe has more than a magistrate at the helm? So... the thing is that phrases like "ineffective assistance of counsel," have perhaps some general meaning, but they are also a term of art -- there is a specific LEGAL meaning to the phrase. When you ask a judge to reconsider a trial verdict based on your claim that you had ineffective assistance of counsel, you're claiming that the assistance of your lawyer fell below an objective standard and your Sixth Amendment right to counsel was violated. The Supreme Court, in a case called Strickland v Washington, laid out the necessary showing to prevail on such a claim, but I doubt the judge even applied those factors, because the Sixth Amendment typically does not attach to traffic violations. The Sixth Amendment applies to criminal charges. It is not violated because the attorney you hired did not act as you wished. (By the same token, you don't have a right to a public defender for a traffic case). I don't suppose I'd describe the lawyer's performance as exemplary, to be sure, but because the typical concern in traffic defense is to avoid collateral consequences like points on licenses, it's perfectly normal to regard an outcome that's more money but no points as a win. Now, you may have, for some bizarre reason, wanted less money and the points, or you may be fixated on an alternate outcome because you retain the incorrect belief that points were never a real possibility from an out-of-state conviction. Dunno. I agree that as the client, you should have been consulted about the specifics. But I don't agree that this failure constitutes ineffective assistance of counsel in a meaningful legal sense such that you'd be entitled to a rehearing. Finally, I'd ask you this: would you really want to trade the extra $100 for points on your license? That is: pay the $236 and get a conviction that shows a moving violation and translates to points on your Texas license? If so: why? Obviously not any real source or I wouldn't be here. But the lawyer at least owed it to me to consult with me and tell me what he was going to do. He didn't ask me the facts of the case, he didn't say I'd get a bigger fine, I never even spoke to the lawyer that the lawyer I hired subcontracted, which in and of itself, I was not consulted about. I was told that my lawyer would be appearing in court, not some other dude whose credentials I had no opportunity to verify. That all to me speaks to ineffective assistance of counsel. To clarify, I'm not exactly saying that the attorney who did appear was ineffective, but the one I hired was by not consulting me about anything he did. He literally just took the money and then did whatever he wanted without talking to me again. I even had to routinely follow up after the trial just to find out what the verdict was. He made no effort to contact me about anything. I was pulling teeth. So for all of these reasons - which I outlined in my letter to the judge - I am baffled that the court has denied my motion saying that I had shitty counsel. The only explanation is that the court doesn't really care about justice and just wants their money, or they'd at least grant me a rehearing with another attorney. I really feel like it's not up to the judge on if the attorney did a good enough job - the judge isn't the one who hired him. With respect, /u/Matchboxx, I think you're far off base. Radar units are made to work from a platform that's "actively driving the opposite direction." The lawyer's failure to try this argument is not any indication of his ineffectiveness. And your continued belief that you would not have had points appear on your license, even after the Interstate Compact has been described and cited, is baffling. Can you explain WHY you believe these things? What evidence or source of information are you relying upon to form these beliefs?  I suppose so. Even still, I'm stunned that contesting it resulted in a higher fine. The lawyer should have consulted with me to say "hey, I can get you this deal that will skirt the points, but it's gonna cost you...or, just pay up and save some dough." If the cop's radar gun was properly calibrated and clocked you going at that speed than there's not much the attorney could've done to attack that. Your testimony that, "The officer said I was doing 64/45, but I don't think that was true..." would not have helped your case. Your attorney did not have much to work with here. I agree that I was speeding, but not to the degree which the officer claimed. He was also actively driving the opposite way which I think would have messed with the radar running (maybe not, but these are all things I would’ve expected the attorney to try before just pleading me out on a deal that cost me more $ and saved me points I don’t think I’d have been issued across state lines.) The speeding fine is calculated per MPH over the limit, so my argument that I wasn’t exceeding the limit by those extra 9 MPH amounts to close to $100.   -9 over, or 10-14 over, so we give him the lower value There was a post here pretty recently about a person who got the opposite of that deal. The place they were from used the higher value out of the range. OP didn't bother fighting it because the exact value they were charged with didn't come with demerits, but then they ended up with surprise demerits because of how the charge was converted between locations. It’s not as complicated as you picture. The points don’t directly transfer — instead, the violation is reported. So State A has a points scheme where 1-9 miles over is 3 points, 10-19 is 4 points, and 20+ is 6 points. State B has a scheme where 1-14 miles is 5 points and 15+ is 8 points, let’s imagine. Resident of State A is cited in State B for 55 in a 45. If he were a State B guy, he’d get 5 points on his State B license. But what happens to him is State B reports the conviction for “Speeding 1-14 miles over,” to State A. State A says, “No way to tell if this means 1-9 over, or 10-14 over, so we give him the lower value.” State A assesses 3 points against the license in its own state. Make sense? You admit that you were speeding, so disputing the facts would not have helped your case. Speeding is basically a strict liability offense. If you speed, you're guilty whether you intended to speed or knew you were speeding. If a person admits to committing the crime/offense then the defense attorney's job is usually to get his client the best deal possible. Texas points may not have had any effect on your Florida license (I'm not sure about that) but your insurance company would have likely found that and increased your insurance premium. So the plea deal likely saved you that money. Based on what you posted, the only argument you may have to set aside the plea deal is that you did not approve it. You'd have to file a motion for reconsideration of the denied motion and inform the court that the plea should be set aside because it was made without your knowledge or approval. But since you were speeding, that plea deal you received may be your best option. To your point #1, I just noticed that the whole order about my denial is typed up, but there is empty lines for "defendant" and "citation number," etc. where my info was written in with a pen. Looks like he just denies any and all motions and then writes in the information later? That's why I was confused when it said "did not specify an act that would describe ineffective assistance of counsel," because I pretty clearly said what my lawyer did wrong. I'd really wonder how that works though, because each state has different points for different violations. I'd think it'd be too complex for them to "convert" points between systems which is why I'd think they wouldn't come over, but you could be right. Either way, the lawyer didn't dispute the facts of my case at all which is why I'd like to try and get it reheard. Not sure what my options are now that the magistrate has denied my "motion" letter. In 1993, Texas joined the Interstate Driver License Compact (see V.T.C.A. Tran. 523.001 et seq.) so I THINK that a Florida speeding conviction would result in points against your Texas license, since Florida is also a member. I have the Hyatt Legal Plan through my employer, so the attorneys fee was covered by them. That said, being that its insurance, I'm sure they don't pay top dollar which is why he may not have worked as hard for me as someone paying full price, but now I'm trying to fix all that. I'm sure for a Floridian the points are a primary concern, but the original attorney knew I was a Texan (must not have relayed this to his buddy) and knew that my reason for dispute was that I disagreed with the facts of the citation, not the fine or the points. 1. In general, pretty much all "traffic" courts are money mills. Traffic courts, are more often than not, NOT courts of record. Leaving the Judges there very wide discretion. I have seen judges simply flat out refuse to consider evidence. 2. I'm a little confused here... Why not just pay the original fine if the points don't matter. Most legitimate attorney's are going to charge upwards of $150/hr. To me, it seems the attorney may have thought the concern was the points on your license.. 