 First-time poster long-time lurker etc yada yada... In Maryland- laid off a salaried position about two months ago after the business shut down. I had also been maintaining a part-time job on a pick-up basis but hadn't worked it in several months as my full-time gig was all-consuming. While I was waiting to qualify for benefits I agreed to go back to my part-time job where I was still in good standing. This required some re-training and so forth. My unemployment was approved and I collected for the first two weeks without issue. On the third week I had a few hours of training, which I claimed on my weekly certification (less than $100). Over the next two weeks, I started generating more income than my benefits provided and had planned on stopping my claims once I was settled-in/was confident that the position was sustainable. Meanwhile, my mental health was deteriorating rapidly. I have a serious drug-addiction/drinking problem that continued to get worse and worse, putting me in a precarious financial situation where I was facing homelessness. I was using all of my income (and then some) to feed my habits as I continued the downward-spiral. In a drunken stupor, I filed my next week's claim without accounting for my income (over $500 that week) and proceeded to collect the funds. No shock, I used that money to fuel my addiction as well. I quit my job without notice and proceeded to go on a bender that I had hoped at the time would end my life so I was not thinking much about consequences. Well, I didn't die, and now am terrified that I have committed criminal fraud. I was just released from the psych ward after a bout of suicidal thoughts/alcohol detox/etc. I am currently in temporary housing and still putting together what happened over the last month. I have continued to collect my benefits after quitting my part-time job, but there is still a week or two for which I did not claim my income and therefore collected the full amount of my unemployment. My account is still active, and I am still collecting as I am still technically unemployed and have no income. I am concerned that a) I have not been actively seeking work (as I was contemplating suicide), b) that I misrepresented my income for 1-2 weeks on my weekly claim certificate and c) failed to report that I quit a job while still collecting benefits. I have documentation demonstrating that I was not in a sound state-of-mind during this time and am currently receiving outpatient treatment for my issues. I am terrified that the unemployment office will notice my indiscretions and file criminal charges which I understand could result in reimbursing the funds to the State or even jail-time. I am catching up on my work-search requirements which hopefully will put me back in good standing/allow me to keep my benefits at least until they notice my unclaimed income. What kind of consequences can I expect from this? Is the situation fix-able if I contact them and explain the situation, or am I better off hoping that they don't notice? If at all possible I would like to keep my benefits as I have no other source of income and probably will be in treatment for the next few weeks. Reddit, please advise-  thank you Talk to a lawyer. This is too complicated for proper reddit advice.