 I have a friend (not a Canadian citizen) on a two year work Visa. The question is, do they have any legal rights whatsoever to partake in public demonstrations? Secondly, could by more attendance be grounds for deportation, if rounded up. Thank you in advance folks!!! I don't see any reason why your friend wouldn't be able to attend a peaceful protest or demonstration. However, if your friend participates in an unlawful assembly (particularly one that becomes violent), then your friend could certainly be arrested and potentially be deported on those grounds. It's also worth clarifying that it's generally illegal to cause a public disturbance or nuisance or to engage in criminal mischief (or to conspire with anyone else to do any of these things). So, in order to avoid confrontation with law enforcement, protesters/demonstrators should try to remain calm and peaceful throughout the demonstration and try to minimize the amount of disruption/interference they are causing. --- Definitions based on the Canadian Criminal Code: Unlawful assembly: an assembly of three or more persons who, with intent to carry out any common purpose, assemble in such a manner or so conduct themselves when they are assembled as to cause persons in the neighbourhood of the assembly to fear, on reasonable grounds, that they (a) will disturb the peace tumultuously; or (b) will by that assembly needlessly and without reasonable cause provoke other persons to disturb the peace tumultuously. Mischief: [wilfully] (a) destroys or damages property; (b) renders property dangerous, useless, inoperative or ineffective; (c) obstructs, interrupts or interferes with the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of property; or (d) obstructs, interrupts or interferes with any person in the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of property. Public disturbance etc.: (a) causes a disturbance in or near a public place (i) by fighting, screaming, shouting, swearing, singing or using insulting or obscene language, (ii) by being drunk, or (iii) by impeding or molesting other persons; (b) openly exposes or exhibits an indecent exhibition in a public place, (c) loiters in a public place and in any way obstructs persons who are in that place, or (d) disturbs the peace and quiet of the occupants of a dwelling-house by discharging firearms or by other disorderly conduct in a public place [...] Nuisance: [an act or failure to act when there is a legal duty to that] (a) endangers the lives, safety, health, property or comfort of the public; or (b) obstructs the public in the exercise or enjoyment of any right that is common to all the subjects of Her Majesty in Canada. [brackets] indicate paraphrasing/summarizing.