 I'm not sure what the terms of his probation are. He was arrested for a DUI, tested positive for opioids (which he wasn't charged with bc of no possession) and is driving with a restricted license under the supervision of a probation officer. He has to take a breathalyzer before driving now, but I'm fairly sure he's still using drugs. I don't want to see him get into worse trouble or end up hurting himself or someone else. Would his probation officer even be interested in this if he's only on probation for driving privileges? I think he sees her once a month to pay fees or something but i don't think there's testing involved He knows from past experience that I absolutely will flush anything I find Oh wow thank you I didn't know that. I just assumed it wouldn't be, but that makes sense Of course they can drug test him, and at pretty much any time they want. I would be shocked if drug testing wasn't involved for a DUI charge where he was high on opioids. You have another issue now if you all live together. If the cops or his PO find opioids in the residence you could get charged with possession too, and if there's quite a bit of it laying around civil forfeiture could possibly come into play. His PO absolutely can drug test him as well as stop by the house and look around. He was certainly charged for the opioids in the DUI. There is no way they would not have. When they charge you for DUI they list all substances in your system and they are all a part of the DUI charge, then later you have to prove to the court if any of them are legally prescribed, their concentration in your blood was not enough to impair someone, or some other reason those substances did not contribute. He did not get additional possession charges because he didn't have any on him, but he did have some in him so it is included in his DUI charge. I'm not at all involved in any of the illicit things he's doing (if he is still doing them). He wasn't charged for the drugs he had in his system only the alcohol. I'm thinking that would be different now that he's on probation wouldn't it?  Crap I'm awful at being discreet. I guess that's what throwaways are for right? If it were an option, I would have separated myself from this entire situation and started new somewhere else, but it isn't unfortunately :/ He's under the impression that because it's a DUI related case that he won't be tested for drugs. Is that true? I personally think it'd be great if drug testing was enforced during probationary periods regardless of the offense -- and maybe it is, I have no idea that's why I'm asking here  Is this your friend or your husband who you posted about before? Either way the answer is to be not near them when illegal stuff is happening and to express your concern.  Strictly legal advice: limit your liability by limiting your interactions with this friend. If you have reason to believe they are violating probation, don't get caught doing illegal things with them when their PO rolls up. If you think they are using opiates and driving, don't be in the car when they get pulled over and searched, or else risk being accused of possession yourself. Not-strictly-legal-advice: continuing to use drugs despite negative consequences is a defining characteristic of addiction. Your friend already got arrested once for a DUI, but they continue to use substances on probation and drive under the influence. Your friend may be in need of professional help. But the truth is they probably won't accept help or try to change unless they want to, which is completely out of your control. You can express your concerns, but you can't expect them to change. You are not responsible for other people's actions.  Not your business. Tell him you are concerned and want to see him finish successfully but you can't intervene in any other way. 