 The other day, I was approaching the entrance of a local supermarket when a large man burst out of the doors and violently tackled a small woman, first against a garbage bin, and then to the ground. It became clear that she was being stopped for shoplifting; he claimed to be loss prevention for the store but was not wearing a uniform. As far as I could tell, she was not resisting the arrest and would not have even been able to, given the size differential between her and the security guard (maybe 90 lbs. vs. 200+ lbs), and the fact that he was kneeling on her. The guard told her that he would have her charged with assualt because she was "resisting". However, I have several minutes of video of this woman being subdued and offering no resistance. It seemed to me that he was using way more force than was necessary. I can't find any information online about how much force security guards can use on members of the public. Are there limits to what security guards can do to suspects? Would this incident merit a complaint? Thanks. I think I'll start by complaining to the store or the provincial regulatory board before the police. Thanks, I'll look into that! Security guards in Canada have the same rights as property owners. These powers include the ability to arrest people (just as any other citizen) and to use no more force than is necessary to remove a trespasser or defend the property. This could be a case of excessive force but that’s a determination for a judge to make, not a layperson. You could file a complaint with the property owner (and/or security company, if applicable) or [the provincial regulator]().  Arrest and detention are uses of force like any other, and they follow the same basic rule: You're allowed to use as much force as reasonably necessary to do the thing you're entitled to do. Any force over and above that is assault. The time to argue that isn't when the force is actually being applied, so you absolutely did the right thing by recording it but not intervening yourself. Reporting it to the police is your next step.