 My husband and I just recently found out that there is an opossum living in the crawlspace above our garage. We are going to live trap it but don't know what we can legally do with it afterwards. I looked up the cost of having a professional company come take it, but just to have them come take it after already being trapped will still cost us around $400. We don't want to transport it anywhere ourselves and then run the risk of opening the cage and having it attack when we let it go. Our county's animal control doesn't handle anything to do with wild animals anymore. We were thinking about offering for free on CL to someone who might want to taxidermy it but we don't if that's legal. We don't want to run the risk of animal cruelty charges. How can we legally get rid of it once it's trapped? [removed] [removed]  and they smell to high hell.  . Talk radio and gosplish .... am radio stuff worked best for me. The damn opossom seemed to enjoy Slayer to Snoop but the squirrels did not get the musical shuffle, hit with am radio and they were out in under 3 days They also poop, pee, and can cause damage to insulation or whatever else might be in that crawlspace. I agree they are fine to have around, just not in my house/building. I agree with this. I'm always happy when we have a few around! Why do you want to get rid of it? They carry no disease. They are not aggressive. They eat bugs and rodents.   Tried that. Now I have the hottest raccoon club on the block. i wouldn't try to trap it,... it will try to come back. Best thing, drive the damn thing out. i looked up NY animal control info and they are a lot like MO, animal control is county based on rules and regulations. Below is a bit it of info i found for raccoons from a NY control site, but i used the same things to drive out opossums and then 3 years later squirrels. Never attempt to capture or trap a raccoon. • Use bright or flashing lights or play loud music in your attic or other areas where raccoons live. • You may need to hire a licensed professional Nuisance Wildlife Control Operator. Visit the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation at dec.ny.gov, and search wildlife control to find a wildlife trapper near you.  Reading [this]() it sounds like you need to contact a local nuisance wildlife control officer. It might actually be illegal for you to trap and release the critter elsewhere.