 Please bear with me, not only do I not understand any of this information, I don’t know all of the details. I am 22 years old and I just graduated college. For obvious reasons, I am lost. I was going into my senior year of college when I was informed that a loan agency I had been getting student loans from accidentally consolidated all of my loans which made it look like I had graduated school and I owed the agency money immediately. When we informed them of the issue they (reluctantly) admitted it was their fault, but ultimately there was nothing they could do about it and I needed to start making payments. I was a college student and didn’t have a lot of money so my mom was helping me out, so when she could make payments she did, but small ones. The dean of students arranged for me to finish my last two semesters, sort of ignoring the money that I owed I guess. I never found out the details of this. But she said to just give the school a bit of money when we could, so we did. Then when I graduated, I started getting letters from the department of Ed Guarantor (I think this is the right name) or something and it was like “pay the $6,500 now” basically. I didn’t have any money to give so I didn’t really pay attention, which I understand was stupid. Then I got a third letter that said “this is our third and final letter” saying again I needed to pay the money. So my mom sent them a check for $25. This was back in August-October. Sometime around then. Yesterday while I was at work, someone knocked at the door, my mom answered and a man said “Is this the residence of u/doyouknowitsalright?” My mom said yes, and he handed her a summons. It says something about me having to appear in court in Albany (this is hours away from me). I didn’t get to read the letter because I was rushing to get to work so this is just the summary of what my mom said. I have literally no idea what to do next or what is going to happen, or what is even happening in general. If anyone can offer any advice or explain any of this to me I would greatly appreciate it.  Yeah it’s a state university of NY.  You'll be saving money with a lawyer Is it a public university? I can’t even afford to pay what I owe to them so I can’t really afford a lawyer either.  [removed] Because your loan servicer completely screwed you over and you need professional help to get this sorted out? Username checks out I guess. But why would I need a lawyer? Get a lawyer