 I live with my mother in a rent controlled apartment in manhattan, so our landlord wants to evict us so he can charge full rent for the apartment. To this end he has taken my mother to court 4 times and lost every time it seems like merely to inconvenience us. The latest game he is playing is trying to claim we owe back rent. He refuses to accept signature conformation mail, so as to avoid having a trail of the rent we send him. He didn't cash two of our rent checks over the past seven years one in 2011 and one in 2014, then he put two of this years rent checks towards the 2014 and 2011 rents that from the checks that he didn't cash so he could claim we owe back rent this year. In order to avoid conflict my mom just resent those two checks for those periods and thought she was completely caught up. Aside from all this happening, a window broke on the front door of the building, he claims I broke it by kicking it and that the super saw it. Then he changed his claim to that I broke the lock on the door by kicking it and that both the supers saw it, and tried to bill us 800 dollars for it. We didn't pay it because I didn't break the lock nor the window, and he had no claim to our money. So yesterday when my mom got home there was a new notice from him that was an invoice for 800 dollars OF RENT and also two months worth of rent despite us having sent those checks and documented us sending them with certified mail. And today when I got home there was a notice that we had been served and had to appear in civil court for living here without paying rent. At this point my mother has sent a check for every single month of rent. Is there anything we can do to make him stop repeatedly suing us to try to get us to move out? Thank you so much for that amazing link.  Lol...looks like that couldn't stop her  Contact the met council on housing, they can give you advice and hook you up with a good low-cost or free attorney http://metcouncilonhousing.org/tenants_rights_telephone_hotline With a time machine.  Okay, how do I do that? Absolutely. Foot note 4 especially. Although my favorite judicial sass of all time is still [this gem](http://i.imgur.com/C1UrTme.png) That being said, being declared a vexatious litigant is extremely difficult; and even if you are, it doesn't prevent you from filing a claim. It just prevents filing a frivolous claim. And just because you lose, doesn't mean you were frivolous to try. Frivolous has to be soo meritless that no one could possibly support a claim. If there's some showing of a potential claim, even if it turns out there was insubstantial evidence to support it, it's not worthy of sanctions.  I used to take photographs of the contents of the envelope, the envelope, and the certificate the postal worker was going to affix to the envelope, then a pic of the sealed envelope with certificate afffixed plus a photograph of the certificate stub. But California generally treats sending the certified mail as presumptive of delivery. Recipient refusing to sign is an act of bad faith. From my experience in landlord/tenant cases in California, courts are aware that people think they can dodge certified mail by refusing to sign. For that reason, having the certificate from the post office indicating that you sent mail is generally presumptive of delivery. The recipient is being willfully unreasonable by refusing to sign. NYCMMV [deleted] This is only applicable to [specific zip codes and there are income restrictions](). I also believe this only applies to eviction suits, this doesn't sound like it's an eviction...yet. The best thing you can do about that is keep the returned / refused letter unopened. If/when it goes to court you can present the unopened envelope and its contents and if pertinent the court will open it to corroborate the "I tried to pay, but they kept refusing the check," story. More documentation never hurts, but this seems to be the generally accepted practice. In NYS the landlord is supposed to automatically give a receipt if it's anything but a check. If you pay with a check you have to request a receipt in writing and they're required to give it to you.  IANAL, Just interested in payment verification: Mail tracking could be tracking an empty envelope. Would it help defend against this guy to just record, on one video, the check being sealed into the properly addressed envelope and the envelope going into the USPS office and the receipt printed out as a result? Every month from now on? Yeah they just sounded completely done with her. Similar but it doesn't have to involve speech in order to be enforced. SLAPP lawsuits involve the plaintiff trying to use the courts to stop the defendant from exercising free speech. Hence, why SLAPP stands for Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation. Nope. Sorta similar goals in that it wants to prevent abuse of the legal system, but Anti-SLAPP (Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation) is about preventing plaintiffs from using the legal system itself as a deterrent against speaking/writing publicly. So for example, someone suing you for your honest opinion on Yelp. Is this the same as Anti-SLAP? That decision write-up was both hilarious and beautiful to read. Yeah but if you have a receipt from them saying that you gave them a check, that they have your payment, then if they don't deposit the check it's their problem. It would be up to them to prove that there was some reason that they have your check in their possession but for some reason that is somehow your fault that they couldn't use the check.  I think she's saying that they're sending them but they are purposely not cashing them in order to say that they didn't pay. Can you not also demand a receipt for your check? Assuming you go in person, anyway. Which I guess OP might need to start doing if they can - show up to the office in person, hand them a check, demand a receipt for it. NAL, genuinely curious if that would work.  You need a housing lawyer. Your mother can get a free one in NYC and she should be doing this ASAP. The landlord presumably knew the laws were in place before they rented the unit out.  You have to have continuously lived in the same apartment since the 1970s. [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] How does one get rent-control? [removed] [removed] The landlord knows there are rent controlled units in a building before they purchase it. Very few properties are still owned by the original owner. Rent control/stabilization exists to allow lower income people who work in a city to live in that city which keeps those positions filled.  That's great for op, but I want to know how the landlord can get so screwed like that [removed] Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Your comment or post has been removed because you posted a link to a search result or an otherwise obfuscated link. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns. [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Priority mail tracks as a feature. It's included in the price and, to OP, gonna be worth every penny. There's a difference between rent controlled and rent stabilized. If you've lived there only 10 years you're most likely rent stabilized. If OP is truly rent controlled, which would most likely the case if his mom has lived there for decades, they'd be crazy to move out. Rent controlled tenants are paying a tiny fraction of market rate rentals. Very possibly. Definitely that needs to be considered--especially in NYC. It means the apartment is legally protected from large rent increases while the tenant lives there. For example, I have lived in a rent-controlled unit for ten years. We're I to move out and then re-sign the lease for my same apartment, I'd pay $800 more per month than I do now. What is “rent controlled”? If they are rent-controlled they would very likely be facing paying multiple times their current rent if they move out. [removed] You could ask the court to declare him a vexatious litigant and ask for sanctions. Below is a link about a similar pro-se vexatious litigant that got fined $10,000 for using the courts to harass someone in New York City, it wasn't landlord/tenant but it was using the courts to harass. []() Luckily for you, living in Manhattan there should be an abundance of lawyers trained in tenant laws within 15 minute train ride. Google around for a free consultation or call and ask of they provide free consultation. Try asking at the r/NYC subreddit for some suggestions. Look at the subreddit's side bar, that'll probably have some notes to help you. [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] As far as him suing you I can't help you, but I can with getting the check to him. If he won't take certified mail you can send a letter via USPS with delivery confirmation that doesn't need a signature. It'll give you a tracking number and the mail person scans the letter when they put it on themailbox so there's a record of the date and time it was delivered. I had a similar thing happen repeatedly with a commercial landlord, they kept saying they weren't getting the rent check but I was able to show them when they received them. (My landlord wasn't malicious, just super disorganized.) [removed] Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.