  I asked specifically because we Were told we had to reapply for our current position (I’m a manager). We are the only store the current owner has. The management is giving no answers other than “we don’t know anything either” and we have had no contact we the new and old owners. Most people are concerned that they will reduce our pay considering our past owner was nicer to us. We had better pay and benefits than any other store anywhere near by. Some of us are saying they technically laying us off, if we don’t agree with the new ownership changes and that entitles us to unemployment. We want help but don’t know who to ask or what to do. I came here to get some insight so thank you.  You do have a say. You either stay fired or reapply. The choice is yours. If you don't want to be with the new owner then I believe your choice is clear. Apply for unemployment and begin looking for new jobs. Are you concerned that you’ll be enslaved? Because That has been illegal since 1865. For the purpose of unemployment? It depends. In order to qualify for unemployment, you need to be actively looking for acceptable work. If you turn down substantially the same job, the UI office will probably reject your claim. If the new job is substantially worse, then you may qualify.  But if we don’t agree is it considered quitting or ? Of course you don't have to work for the new company.  You can find information on filing for unemployment benefits in the state of Oregon [here](). I’m curious about that’s last statement is there a place I can go check that out, for most people here they believe that there pay will get downed based on stories from employees of the new owner. There scared they will have no option but to struggle and just get what they get. So we can’t have say in the fired -rehired phase? Say we don’t want to be with the new owner. Maybe some policies we don’t agree with? All of this is legal and unfortunately standard during the process of acquiring a franchise.  This is exactly how business sales typically work. The new owner is buying the assets of the old company, but not the company itself. So all the employees get fired from the old company and hired by the new one. You really don't need to do anything.  Is it legal to say things? Yes Is it legal to change your wages as long as you're being payed minimum wage? Yes Could a substantial change in your wages or job duties allow you to file for unemployment if you do not accept said change and are terminated? Yes.