 This is my first time posting here, I apologize in advanced for any errors as I am also in a bit of a rush. I have been managing a store since March 2018. I hadn't originally agreed to manage this store, the old manager left and said that I would 'be in charge for a week or two while they looked for a replacement.' They never found a replacement. I did not get any kind of raise or acknowledgement until May 2018. They then decided to just promote me to 'Assistant manager' and give me a small raise. From May-November I managed the store and did all work of the manager without getting the bonuses, benefits, or higher pay grade that I would as the store manager. I have made countless calls, texts, and emails in regards to this and have at least 3 emails from my district manager saying that what I am doing is all the work of the manager, they just labeled me as the assistant. I have read through the handbook quite a few times and the store manager gets bonuses, more pay on holidays, and more vacation time than the assistant. I have tried to explain to her multiple times that if I am doing all of the work of the manager that I should be the manager. She even requests that I tell all of the customers that I am the manager to quickly resolve issues. In November, I got another job offer with much higher pay. I mentioned this to both district manager and regional manager of this franchise and was sure to tell them that I would be taking it if something didn't change. District manager emailed me back immediately and asked what I wanted them to do, so I requested a raise and to be promoted to store manager since I am doing all of the work of the store manager. She agreed to these terms and emailed me back to get all of my information, she then told me that it was done and she put in the new job title and the raise. It is now a month later and I do have the manager title, but they never put in my raise. Is there anything I can possibly do here? I really love this job and did not want to leave, but that is seeming like my only option. I've called, texted, and emailed both of those in charge multiple times and nothing seems to work. Is it time to find a different job?  Is it possible to go above this person? You mentioned that you used email for a lot of this exchange, you got pretty solid proof, along with pay stubs; it's also a good idea to look for a new job, these people seem to have you a leash.