 My boyfriend lives in the downtown area of one of the cities down here in Florida (please PM me if knowing which one would be more helpful.) The garage for his apartment complex is half public, half private, with the private area being gated off on the top 3 floors or so of the garage. At the time his car was stolen the gate was broken because someone hit it, leaving a hole plenty wide enough for an adult human being to easily walk through. He woke me up around 8 a.m. one morning back in early September to tell me that his car was stolen. He filed a report with the police, let his leasing office know what had happened, and everything. The next day community resource officers found it in an area of town that was a little rough behind a dentist's office. After everything had been documented we tried to start it up and it wouldn't work. The dentist even tried to jump it with his giant Ford F-150 truck and not even a whisper came out of that engine. He had it towed to a local dealership and it has been absolute hell ever since then. As it turns out, the claims adjuster for the insurance company was either fired or left the job shortly after all this and had filed the claim incorrectly because they didn't work on the car for a good month. They kept giving my boyfriend the back-and-forth about whether or not they were going to try to fix it or total it. Once a new claims adjuster was brought on board the case the whole process had to be started over again with them finally deciding that they were going to fix it. Well, once the dealership brought in the new engine they ordered for the car it blew so now we are once again back to square one. It has been three goddamn months. My boyfriend has escalated this to the supervisor of the claims adjuster as well as the supervisor of the care representative at the dealership, which has now triggered the insurance company bringing in a claims investigator. They apparently think he is trying to fraud them and I am BEYOND furious. He has had to rent car after car after his 30 days with the initial rental is up and shit's expensive. We live in a state that couldn't care less about social services, especially good public transportation, so there is no way he can get to and from work (or ANYWHERE for that matter) without a car. He is doing okay on money (thank God) but this is all being needlessly spent. I HATE to think of anyone taking advantage of the love of my life and am just trying to help him tackle this thing. Do we have a case against the insurance company, car dealership, and/or apartment complex? I realize that I've not gone into detail about some aspects, especially about what has happened between when his car was towed to the dealership to now. Please let me know if I need to expound upon anything. Any advice would be so greatly appreciated. I love this man and hate to see him get put through this as he can rather be a push-over and honestly Florida companies can be fucking predatory.