 My boyfriend and i have been liveing in a rent to own house since august. Its now december. We havent signed paperwork due to the landlord not getting to it... He is lazy. He doesnt have good buisness practice with his other buisness. Our furnace was spitting out a toxic amount of carbon monoxide so now we are running space heaters currently... We live in northern minnestota. We want yo leave in january because we realize we dont have the funds to up keep a house now that the furnace needs replaceing. Can we leave without a 30 day notice? Also being we havent signed paperwork could we have the technical landlord pay for the furnace if we did choose to stay? Thats probably a no but figured i ask. We pay 1000 a month. Another question.. My boyfriend broke a window. Would we be held accountable to fix that or not due to not haveing signed paperwork. Thank you!  Rent-to-own houses are strike 1. Doing this deal with someone you aren't married to is strike 2. Not having any legal documentation of your agreement is strike 3. The landlord may be lazy, unprofessional, or outright scamming you. Speak to a real estate attorney to demand the documentation immediately, have them review it so you don't lose "your" house over 1 late payment, or get out of this deal altogether. There is a reason why landlords love land contracts and here's a hint - almost no one actually buys the house and almost everyone ends up paying way more in rent than they otherwise would. There are almost no circumstances under which I would agree to paying for the furnace and you're on a month-to-month contract unless you have a signed agreement in place. If you don’t have a written lease to can likely end the tenancy upon 30 days (one full rental period) notice. And honestly that may be the most reasonable / cost effective way out. If the furnace is unsafe you can demand in writing the landlord remedy that, give him a reasonable (short in these circumstances) time to repair, and then end the lease. With a dangerous furnace you can do that more quickly than ending the tenancy. But there are a series of steps in getting that done.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.