 Apparently, that type of law is not recognized in Quebec, but is in the rest of Canada? What can you tell me about this in ROC? I'm interested because of an elective surgery that was performed and was the opposite of what the patient consented to. In provinces which use the common law, as opposed to civil law (like Quebec), medical battery is a tort - a recognized reason why a person can sue for damages. As you've inferred, it is used where surgery or treatment is given to a patient without their express consent, their consent could not be inferred, and the situation was not an emergency. It also exists where the medical practitioner has gone well beyond or departed from the procedure for which consent was given. The last two items are important. Lets say you agree to surgery to remove a cancerous tumour and while you are on the table the surgeon notices a cyst or something else that can cause you problems or negative symptoms. You'd most likely have given consent if it had been known about in advance, and removing it now will save you a second surgery. The court might infer your consent. Also, the courts do not expect that a doctor would let you die or suffer grievance harm in an emergency situation just because you are not able to give consent (e.g. you are unconscious). If you want to understand a bit more, you can read an actual case decision regarding medical battery. This is a blog post mean for medical professionals about a recent case: [](). In the case being described, the surgeon noticed additional problems and corrected them while doing the surgery the patient consented to, but that additional thing made it less likely the patient could have children. The surgeon knew the patient was attempting to have children and her fertility was important to her. The courts said her consent could not be inferred in that situation. However, this tort does not exist AT ALL in Quebec because Quebec does not use common law. Still, that does not mean that there isn't some equivalent means of redress within the civil law system. 