 My friend was arrested in April in Seminole county Florida. He was caught in a sting operation, the cop was selling his two daughters under the age of ten for sex. I'm wondering how long he will be in prison for.  To be frank, if your friend was complicit in the crime then no judge will be lenient on this type of act. If he was just there at the sting with knowledge of it but no direct involvement then he’s still looking at jail time. No direct involvement no knowledge and just there by coincidence, it was be difficult to defend but no impossible. As one commenter posted, these are severe penalties. Again though without knowing what degree felony charge he has, it’s difficult to give a ball park. Though my guess on the sentence at the very least 2-3 years Seconding the commenters who say there's not enough information to give definitive answers, but writing separately to sort of explain the process. The police accumulate evidence, and the prosecutor's office decides what charges that evidence supports. Your friend is then charged, by indictment via a grand jury, or by a prosecutor's direct filing of charges. There are links in other comments about what specific charges those might be. Your friend (in concert with his lawyer) then must decide to negotiate a plea to some subset or lesser charge(s), or to go to trial. If he agrees to a plea, typically the plea agreement will lay out the agreed-upon sentencing range. Typically the judge has some discretion to accept that recommendation, or sentence outside it. Similarly, if a guilty verdict comes via a trial, the judge will have some leeway in what sentence to impose. Sentencing is almost always preceded by a pre-sentence investigation, in which the accused's past criminal history, if any, is laid out and can affect the severity of the instant sentencing. So all of that is to say there are many factors not yet locked in. Is the evidence solid? Can he credibly claim entrapment? Or is the case rock solid? These kinds of things will affect the plea process, and in turn the ultimate result. You've described the kinds of crimes that could result in anything from an acquittal to a life sentence. I wanted to illustrate why there's no easy way to answer, "How many years will he get?" Your friend needs to not talk to anyone about this except his lawyer. If there is anything to the charges he is in big trouble, but by shutting up and doing exactly what his lawyer says, could make the difference between decades and life. IANAL but I looked up the FL sentencing codes. If it’s a first degree felony, max 30 years. 2nd degree max 15, 3rd degree is max 5. It will depend on the specific charges and whether or not the prosecution offers a plea deal to a lower charge. It’s really hard to say without knowing the specifics and it’s almost impossible to predict if the judge will use the maximum sentence or show leniency.   http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute URL=0700-0799/0787/Sections/0787.06.html Could be the rest of his life.  If they consider it trafficking instead of prostitution, it could be up to life. Those are very serious felonies. It looks like they could be facing 15 years or more.  He's probably been charged with multiple felonies. He's likely facing many years in prison. We can't even hazard a guess without knowing exactly what the charge is. Well, I don't need a definitive answer, more like a Ball Park guess. He's never been arrested before.  It depends on too many factors for us to say here. 