 Super long story short: Apartment landlord office lady and my girlfriend and I have been E-Mailing back-and-forth about certain issues we've had. Office manager lady doesn't really care and said it seems like we are unhappy so she is "seriously considering terminating our lease." I asked if that meant that we would get our full security deposit back and she said if the unit is not damaged and is clean (which we keep the place spotless) when they do a walk-through after me move out. She requests 60-days notice. Letter below: []() Document review is prohibited here. Post removed.  You don't have to include language about wanting your full security deposit back. It has no legal weight. What you want to do is, if at all possible, do a joint walk through with them and record the whole thing. If they won't do that, then do your own move-out walk through and record everything. Search this subreddit for security deposit threads to get an idea of the kind of stuff landlords typically charge for.  It's annual. In the e-mails, she is basically encouraging us to terminate because she's essentially saying she's tired of getting e-mails from me about issues that she fails to take care of. She said, quote, "Once you vacate the apartment, management will do a walk thru. If the apartment is in good, clean condition with no damage, you will receive your security deposit back." I told her I have a ton of photos from the initial walkthrough, if needed. She said, "Sounds good. If you decide to vacate the unit you are required to give management a 60 day written notice. If you give your notice in November, you will be responsible for Dec Jan rent. If you give notice in December, you will be responsible for Jan Feb. The notice takes effect on the 1st day of the following month once we receive your written notice." Are you month-to-month or do you have an annual lease? Be very careful if the latter. You are legally free to terminate the lease early but you will likely trigger liquidated damages and end up owing a bunch of money. If you are a monthly tenant with no fixed term then sure, any written notice is fine. Be sure to document unit's condition thoroughly, lots of pictures and video of everything, etc. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.