 My friend works in a field that is fairly closely regulated by state and local authorities. She has to answer to those authorities to be able to hold a license to do her job. She works at a place that someone else owns. Fairly recently, the owner (her employer) brought in someone to start working, that did not have the proper official requirements to do what she was doing. Since my friend would have to work with his new person, she would be somewhat of an accomplice, and if caught... she could get in trouble with authorities and lose her license. When she told the owner she had a problem with this, he basically told her that she can go along with it, or leave. Another co-worker of hers felt the same way and actually snitched the owner out to the authorities, forcing him to get rid of the person who was not properly authorized to do what they were doing legally. A month or so went buy, and now the owner has fired both my friend and her co-worker. This seems like something where both of them would have a case against the owner? To make matter worse, she is in the middle of dealing with a pretty serious illness. Thanks for any help. OK thanks. So Virginia has no general whistleblower protection statute, but rather a couple of specific ones that cover: home inspection contractors, government employees, employees in nursing homes, and reporting OSHA violations She should still consider consulting with an employment attorney, even if she does not fall into one of these specific situations.  She said because the person would be working directly under her, it would make her responsible, and the authorities could bring action against her. I don't know, that's what she said anyway. I don't work in her profession so I don't know much about it. VA... Thanks. What state is she in? -worker of hers felt the same way and actually snitched the owner out to the authorities This could be illegal retaliation. Can't say whether these exact circumstances are covered without knowing what statutes apply. She can try contacting the DoL or talking to an employment attorney in her area It sounds like retaliation, and it's quite possible your friend could have a case. Your friend would need to consult an attorney regarding the specifics. If she was actually fired for refusing to do or assist in something illegal, or reporting said illegal activities, that would likely be actionable. She should probably get a consult or 2 with some labor attorneys.  That's just not how it works. Your friend has no duty to verify her co-workers credentials. Your friend and her former coworker should contact an employment attorney for a consultation to see if this qualifies as retaliation, but it might not. 