 Hello My sister who is 18 decided to stay in America to get away from my mentally abusive dad. She was born there like everyone else in my family except my dad. For some context we have been living in Malaysia and he is visiting his parents in Europe. We went there to visit my grandparents and the night before the flight she told him she wanted to stay. He said she needed to come back and they could talk about her leaving. But we all knew that if she went back she wouldn't leave. I have 2 little siblings, my mom, and my big sister. He just found out that she didn't come back and is threatening to disown us and divorce my mom if she doesn't come back now. He is dead set on this and has even found a flight for her. He is really mentally abusive and has told me things like I am white trash that i am going to die on the side of the road. We also have messages of him calling us dirty bitches and other really horrible stuff. My mom is really scared that when he comes back he will take my little siblings and run to a different country. Can he do this? I think we are going to book a flight back right now in order to avoid this. I am sorry if i posted in the wrong place but I really need help.  Look at r/expat too Sorry if it wasn't clear. We just got back to Malaysia. we live with him. He isn't at the house because he is visiting his parents in Europe. We are scared he will take the younger kids and run. I am pretty sure the police won't be able to get them back if he goes to another country.  D amn I hate those situations. So hard to deal with... Maybe you can compile evidence to make him be seen as an "unfit" father to his children. Are you using a home network, [which I assume he has control of], or data on the phone? If possible, go with data and avoid using your local area network wifi if you want to be sure the phone stays hidden. This way it won't show up as a device on your local network. If you're not sure, make sure that wifi is disabled so that the phone only connects with data. Better to err on the side of caution. He may notice a strange device on the network and decide to look into it. Sounds like you've got a handle on keeping your tracks covered for the most part, which is good. Don't give him any trail to follow though, even if it seems unlikely he'll stumble across it. Also, if you have a bookmark for Reddit or anywhere else you're posting things like this, delete them. I see this is a throwaway, which is good, but still, just to be as sure as you can be. Just manually type in reddit to your search bar and log in manually if you aren't already doing so. Every extra little bit of security only works in your favor. That's a good rule of thumb in general, but especially in a situation like yours. [removed] Thank you. This should help a lot. Thanks for the advice. I am on my personal phone that I bought. He doesn't now about it. I also always have the settings set to clear history when you close Firefox. That's good to hear. Hopefully you can find a lawyer there soon! No. Read the rules of this sub. Comment removed.  Thank you. It looks like we will be staying in Idaho with my grandparents. [removed] If you have a US citizenship and can afford to travel to America, any family you can bring along with you will help (for custody purposes) That's awesome! I hope you your Mom and your siblings get to the states safely! Hopefully ya'll can go to your grandparents who you were visiting?! Please stay safe but it sounds like being around your father could lead to danger so I definitely think you all should leave for the US asap! [removed] Do you ha family in america you can stay with in the meantime? I suggest bringing everyone but yo father with you, he is going to divorce your mother so she really doesnt have much to lose.  I’m you are an American citizen getting back stateside would be imperative. They will have some of the strongest laws available to you for supporting your safety. By no means would I put myself or my siblings in a position where they could be taken to a different country and possibly lost  Clear your browser history once you're done with this thread. Dad might decide to go poking around your internet history if he gets suspicious and get tipped off. If you're satisfied with the advice you've gotten and have the answers you were looking for, I'd go ahead and delete the thread as well. Especially if you have auto login for Reddit on any of your devices.  't come back and is threatening to disown us and divorce my mom if she doesn't come back now. I dont see the problem here. Your sister should NOT come home so that you guys can be free of this monster. He can't take away your siblings but neither can your mom without a divorce and a long custody battle. [removed] Definitely get far away. There are plenty of programs in the states that help things like this. First thing you need to do when you arrive stateside is contact Child Protective Services to prevent him from taking the children back overseas. These situations happen a lot (sadly) and they’ll be able to point in the right direction  Thank you. Wow okay, very best of luck to you. There are various subreddits for different places in the US, r/nyc for example if you need any help or advice when you touch down  Back to america Yes Can I ask if you mean back to America? Now he wants to disown the rest of my family including me and I'm worried he would take my younger siblings and run. Do not give this advice in here again.  It sounds like your mom has a good plan. It will be much hard for your dad to cause trouble as soon as your in America. We are I'm 16 Ok, thank you. We are leaving right now. get outta malaysia now It sound like a flight there is a good idea. It will be an uphill battle for a court to allow children to leave the United States during a custody battle. If your mother's plan is to get to her family in the United States and file for divorce I think that's probably a good idea. How old are you?  If you can go to the US it may be your best interest to move there ASAP. If you can’t and he brings you to another country against your will inform the customs or border agents in that country of the situation and that you are a US citizen and ask them to contact the Consulate or embassy. Yes she was born there and all of her family is there. Parents, brothers, sisters. Does your mother have family in America? We just got back to Malaysia from america What country are you in now?