 My dad and mom had a horrible and lengthy battle with cancer. I spent the last few months with my mother caring for her under FMLA. I have a brother who just turned 18. My mom told me the house would be mine so that my daughter could experience living in a stable home. We had many talks about it. My mother ended up passing on November 16th. In the will, it listed her sister and law as a trustee for a trust. This trust was to keep assets (and listed the house) in a trust for my brother and I until he turned 25, when it would be split. The trustee is listed as having power to do basically anything with the assets. Today my aunt had a meeting with the attorney, which I requested to go to but was not allowed, and afterwards I get a call where she tells me that the house will need to be sold. This is my brother and I’s childhood home and in no way did my mother want this. Can anyone explain why this could be happening and if there is anything at all that can be done?  150% call a probate lawyer. All the variables need to be sorted by a professional.  Please hire a estate and trust lawyer to help you with this ASAP. Your Aunt or her lawyer might not have good intentions so you need someone to review the trust agreement who is knowledgable about your rights as a beneficiary of the turst and to represent your best interests. Your aunt and her lawyer should be more upfront with you since, as the trustee, she has a fiduciary duty to you and the other benificiaries of the trust. But since the communication is so poor it appears that she might not be looking out for you and might have alterior motives. IANAL, but I also beleive that if there is an issue with your Aunt that is counter to your interests then you might be able to get her replaced by a different trustee - this would be something to ask your lawyer about. To find a lawyer ask friends and other relatives, or their parents, if they know a good lawyer who does wills and estate planning. Or follow the advice in the sidebar about finding a lawyer though the bar assiciation. Call at least a couple lawyers and ask for a "free consultation". This usually involves a breif session where you explain your issue, the lawyer tells you what they'd recommend and what their fee would be for doing it. It's more like a mix between a job interview and a sales presentation than a consultation but it will help you figure out which lawyer to hire or if you feel comfortable working with them.  While true, its better to get ahead of things. Unwinding transactions is difficult and time consuming at best. Its better to block a sale in the first place than to try and unwind a sale that has already happened. The trustee has a duty to inform and account, which is a fancy legal term that means more than just say “I’m selling something”. She is going to need to document all of this and why she’s doing it or she’ll open herself up to potential lawsuits from you and your brother. I suggest talking to an attorney.  It's common for a will to direct assets to be placed into a trust. Heck, the will might actually create the trust (a "testimentary trust.")  OP lists both a will and a trust. Not all trusts deal with the totality of a person's property. I think you are confused. There is no probate, the mother had a trust. The entire point of a trust is to avoid probate.  Trustees usually have a fiduciary responsibility, selling the house for significantly under market value would make them liable... a good attorney should have told her that.  Lawyer here. I was just looking at an issue that might explain this. First question, were your parents in assisted living homes? If so, Medicaid may be looking for reimbursement. Unless the trust was called a Medicaid Asset Protection Trust (MAPT), the assets may be subject to Medicaid reimbursement. Second, do you have a copy of the Trust? I would look to see who can change the trustee.  This is very relevant information, you might consider adding it to your OP Not necessarily true. If there's not debt at all there's no reason to have to sell the house. The house may need to be sold to keep the estate solvent (or it might not be solvent even with selling the house), in which case the only way OP could get the house is if they paid sufficient debts themselves for the estate to not need to sell the house. Debtors get priority over heirs. If the estate has to sell the house in order to settle the debts, then so be it. There is one aspect that has not been mentioned. The house is in the Trust to be held until your brother reaches 25 which is several years on down the road. That is several years of property taxes as well as upkeep for the house which falls on the Trust which the Trustee will have to handle. She may harbor no ill will. It just may be for expediency since it is a lot easier (and cheaper) to sit on a pile of money which can then be easily split into two when the time comes. She may even be doing because it will save you money in the long run. She may also think she knows better than you what is best for you. Any way you slice it, you need a lawyer. Consult should be free but they will want a retainer or to bill per hour after that. However, as it has been mentioned, records are public and what aren’t, you have rights to as a beneficiary. However, sometimes it takes angry letters from attorneys to get them. If there is no debt on the house then there is absolutely no reason to “have” to sell the house. I’m so sorry for your loss.  Attorney first. Question aunt later with attorney present. First, sorry for your loss. You need to get a copy of the trust document and then give them to your attorney. Your attorney can then have a better idea of what the trustee (your aunt) can do (or cannot do) per the trust.  If you're a beneficiary of the trust then you should be able to demand an accounting. The trustee has a fiduciary duty to work in the interest of you and the other beneficiaries and it could be considered a violation if they sell the house clearly intended for you. That said my impression is that your mother likely had a mountain of medical debt and the trust property needs to be sold to offset the debt. I can't know this for sure without more information but assuming everyone did their due diligence it isn't that crazy to think that a woman who died after a lengthy battle with cancer was insolvent, especially if she had multiple children. The first step is to get an accounting and take it from there. You'll want to consult outside counsel to help you make sense of the numbers. They'll be able to tell you if this amounts to a breach by the trustee and whether you can keep the house.  You must call a few Probate attorneys quick. The trustee can list it in 1 day for under market value and sell it fast by tomorrow.  It sounds like you have enough money for a lawyer. Get your own attorney and get full disclosure. Don't be afraid to burn your relationships with anyone that isn't you. If they're looking out for you then they wouldn't deny you knowledge about your inheritance.  I'm very sorry for your loss. This is a very fast move, IMO. I would consult your own, independent estate attorney. Your mother's will is public record, as it is going to be entered into probate court. This will help to explain what your mother's intentions were, and it will allow your attorney to have the information he or she needs to understand the situation better. This will cost you a little bit of money. But if it protects an asset that is valuable to you it will be worth it. Get a lawyer now If you are a beneficiary of this trust, get your own copy of the trust and your mother's will. Read these documents and then hire a lawyer who specializes in trusts and estates to help you. Good luck.  Yes, there are a lot of unknown variables that could affect something like this, so your best bet would likely be your own attorney who could review everything as it stands, give you more accurate and detailed answers to your questions, and advise you on how to move forward. Good luck. I was simply given the answer of “it just would have to be” and no explanation. I came here first hoping it could be further explained as to why but from the answers I’m seeing that it’s not usual and I should definitely follow the course of reaching out for my own attorney.  The trust was set up in 2013 which was after she had been diagnosed. That is a very good point, thank you for letting me know. I think I will definitely search for a lawyer at this point! Did you ask the executor or trustee why it would need to be sold? You may want to consult with a probate/trust/estate attorney, inform them of what's going on, give that attorney information about the trust, will, and various people involved, and ask them for advice on how to move forward. No, there is about 300k in different investments alone and the house is completely paid off. I am baffled as to why it would need to be sold. When was the trust created? If it was set up after her terminal diagnosis as a way to shield assets from her creditors (namely the hospital where she received treatment), it's likely that the trust can be unwound based on fraudulent conveyance. First, I am truly sorry to hear of your mother's recent passing. Is it possible that your mother carried debt when she passed such that estate assets would need to be sold in order to satisfy those debts? You should probably consult with an attorney. There are too many unknowns to get a decent answer here. Even if the house was paid off, there are ongoing expenses (such as property taxes) that would need to be paid from the trust. If the trust runs out of money, the house will need to be sold. First of all, ask your aunt why she selling it? Second of all if you don't like that answer get your own attorney