 Would I be breaking the law if I painted a scene from The Hobbit? I do not own the books rights, but the image my mind creates from Tolkien's words is uniquely my own, or so my logic goes. (maybe this belongs in r/stupidquestions, idk)  Technically yes, it's infringing. Lots of artists so their own envisionings of Tolkien's works and I dont know if his estate (which would own the copyright) tends to go after them or leave them alone. thanks! Thanks!  Generally each frame of a movie would be protected by copyright. A copy of that image, even if it is drawn or painted, could be copyright infringement. If you want to draw your version of something like a balrog that would be perfectly fine. If you're trying to copy the version that was presented in a movie or drawn by another person, you may have problems. I can't draw a sharp line of what is ok and what isn't because it's difficult to say exactly what would be transformative or derivative in this context. You could definitely sell the single piece, yes. Your work appears to be tributary and transformative. It's doubtful that you could license the image or sell it for reproduction, but you could definitely make a private sale on your piece. Thanks for the reply, but do you have a source? But is it illegal to sell at all? My ego is telling me I'll be able to sell my masterpiece for a million bucks. Then, my fore-brain informs me that I'll get sued for two million bucks if I manage to sell it for 1 million. :( What's the deal pumpkin peel? Honestly, it's just stressful for me not knowing if I'm breaking the law, so I'd rather figure it out first before I put in the effort of creating the masterpiece... That's why I'm asking, cause I want to sell it. So, if I sell it, I'm infringing? It's called fan art. Lots of people do it. You can even show it off on the internet if you want. Just don't make a profit off it and you're good.  As long as you aren't copying a movie scene you have not violated any copyright. This would likely fall under Fair Use. For best results, avoid printing and selling en masse.