 I've received a civil summons for credit card debt, made an agreement with the debtors to pay in lump sum on the 14th, however that would be technically more than 30 days after summons was filed, but not served. Is the "30 days" given to reply to the summons from the date filed or the dated served? How do I reply to the summons to the sheriff if I do not have any documentation proving that I've made a settlement agreement with the debtor, even though the payment hasn't been met yet? If I have 30 days from the date served, I will have receipt of my payment for the debt owed and I could just take that to the sheriffs office to show settlement has been reached, but if only have 30 days from date filed then I will not have paid the settlement yet (but I will hands down, just waiting for pay day) and I am unsure how to "respond" to the summons. I planned to call the sheriffs office and explain the situation, hoping they can give me more clarification of how to proceed, but I'm aware that this might fall under "legal" advice and I don't have the time or money to speak to a lawyer about this specific question. Especially since everything is practically resolved with the debtor and it will not go to judgement. I'm just unaware how to "respond" to the summons officially to the sheriffs office and I would hate for the case to go into "judgement" in the meantime. Any advice is welcome. Thank you. A sufficient answer isn't difficult. A good answer takes more knowledge of how pleadings work and a lawyer could benefit you in that area for things like affirmative defenses, defenses, and counterclaims. "lack sufficient knowledge", would that incriminate me further if I decide to settle the debt anyway? No, think of it as the equivalent of pleading not guilty in criminal court. You're just not giving up those particulars because the Plaintiff has to prove what they're alleging. Just like the state would have to prove you committed the crimes they are alleging you committed.  Okay. It seemed to be the best course of action to answer the complaint, but I wasn't sure if this was something I could do myself or if there's too much legalise involved and I should outsource to a lawyer. However, if all that is required is a professional and succinct "letter of intent" and answer to the individual charges, I can handle that myself. If I "lack sufficient knowledge", would that incriminate me further if I decide to settle the debt anyway? I would usually lean towards not admitting fault if I don't have to, just because the alternate could remove some rights if it does go to judgement, but if honesty is really the best policy then I'll stick to admittance.  Responses should be filed in a format similar to the complaint. The court's website probably has a template you can use. Ah sorry. I don't know all the terms, but thank you for the clarification. I will file the response as soon as possible. Do you happen to know if a particular form is needed or can I just write out a professional letter stating that I agree and will settle the debt on X date? edi: another poster answered my question. nevermind. Never assume they'll dismiss the case. You need to file a response with the court starting your intent to pay in full on the 14th. You should file this response within 30 days of their filing date regardless of whether the clock starts at filing or service. And then you should show up to court with your receipt to show the judge you held up your end of the bargain. Don't trust your opponent to do anything that will benefit you. Also, a note. You are the debtor. The collection agency is the creditor. In either case, submitting an answer to my summons stating that I agree with it and have made plans to settle with the debtor on X date would be the best course of option correct? Even if the debt hasn't been settled, and they go into "judgement", my cooperation and response would be viewed in a positive light I'm assuming. Do you happen to know if the response time is 30 days from date filed or 30 days from date served? If it's date served then when I pay the settlement they will dismiss the case and (I'd assume, but correct me if I'm wrong) that I wouldn't have to do anything else. You need to file a written answer with the court and mail a copy to the Plaintiff. You may be able to resolve the case before the 30 days, but there's no point in gambling a default judgment. You need to answer all paragraphs in the complaint. A paragraph is each numbered sentence. There are three ways in which you can answer a paragraph. You can: (1) admit, (2) deny, (3) lack the sufficient knowledge to either admit or deny the allegation. You can admit, deny or lack sufficient knowledge part of a paragraph and admity, deny, or lack sufficient knowledge the other part of a paragraph. It's not has to be one answer kind of deal. If you admit something, it's deemed a fact for the purposes of the remainder of the case. So, if you admit your name is Sally, your name is Sally. If you admit you owe the debt, the case is over. You owe the debt. If answer that you lack sufficient knowledge it will be treated as if you deny the answer. Denying an answer doesn't necessarily mean you believe it to be false. It can be false or you can believe that the plaintiff can't show that the allegation is true. There's a big distinction there. Don't not answer. Again, there's no point in gambling a default judgment. The plaintiff isn't going to be mad and not try to negotiate because you answered the complaint. They sue people all the time. They know the game and they aren't hating the players because of it. You need to CYA so you can TCB.  They can. But a debt collector has no benefit dismissing the case prior to full payment. Getting a judgment helps them; tons of people say they will pay the debt by date X, but few do. The court probably won't enter judgment until after a motion for summary judgment or a pretrial hearing. If the debt is paid prior to those things, the plaintiff should file a motion to dismiss can the plaintiff dismiss the lawsuit after the court doesn't receive a response? As in, if a response is not received and then the debt is settled a week later, can the plaintiff then dismiss it or is it past a point of no return? You don't respond to the sheriff, you respond to the court. And yes, if you don't file a response properly it will become a default judgment (unless the plaintiff dismisses the lawsuit)