 My sister and her husband have been together for 20 years and have 3 kids together. Just recently they decided to split up because they aren’t in love anymore. My BIL originally told her and the kids to move out and find somewhere else to live, go to a shelter if necessary. She stood up to him and told me to get bent and he ended up moving back to his parents. My sister currently works two jobs and still can not afford to support the kids in their current situation. The kicker here is the husband is refusing to help support them unless she continues to have sex with him. My sister has proof of this request via text message on her phone. It’s also worth noting that she doesn’t have the funds to hire an attorney at this time. My main question is if she has a case against her husband for only wanting to provide child/spousal supports in exchange for sexual favors. Thanks in advance.  Again: please give the location. In some places there's no 'fault' in divorce. What there is is a law that says that the outcome must be equitable, and that may include ensuring that one spouse contributes to legal fees if they're the primary earner. That's a question to ask the divorce attorney she has a consultation with. His behavior is gross but generally irrelevant - she has a case against him because he's the father of her kids and her (soon-to-be-ex) spouse. Once a court orders some kind of support arrangement, his reasons for refusing to honor it will be irrelevant. Until then, he doesn't have to pay anything. It's possible his behavior could lose him some sympathy points, I guess, but that won't come into play unless she gets good legal help. Location matters, though - some places will have better resources for people without lawyers. But I will reiterate: if there is any way to get her a competent lawyer, that absolutely needs to happen. It may be expensive now, but it could be more expensive not to. Do divorce lawyers ever perform work on the premise that the husband would pay if found at fault? I apologize if that question sounds naive. I’m just trying to help her, and really not in a position to help financially unless no other options exist.  She needs to hire a divorce attorney and start the process. There's no better advice for her than this. Yes if this goes to court he will be obligated to pay child support and that proof certainly would not go over well for him. 