 I've been employed in this bar for over a year, however, I did leave for 4 months during the summer to work abroad. As soon as they heard I arrived back in the country, they asked if I would like my job back. Since it's a nice place to work and the hours suited me being a student, I said I would love my job back! Since I have started back, I have noticed I've been getting some nice paychecks. I would add up the hours I know I've worked and then work out how much I believe I would get paid and then realise I've been paid much more. I also got a lump of holiday pay at the start of the year but there's no way I have worked up so much holidays since I was only back working there for 3ish months. So I guess my question is, if I don't mention anything about my wages and maybe someday they come to realise they have been paying me more then they should, will I end up having to pay it all back to them? As much as I love the extra money and the owner being multi millionaire which helps with the guilt of getting free money from them, I would really not like the possibility that someday, they could come along and ask me to pay them back a lot of money I would never be able to afford. Is there any chance you are using the same bank account/direct deposit info you used when you first started there? I sorta think they they've made an error in their payroll when they rehired you, and you have two entries in their system. When they figure it out, they will demand it back, and you will legally owe it to them. Don't spend it. Check your paystubs. They should break down hourly pay times hours worked. They have never discussed wages with me once. Before or after I left for the 4 months. I just presumed I've been getting minimum wage since that's what mostly everyone else is getting being a server. The maths was working out at getting the €9.50 minimum for a while until I started back. I haven't received any documents discussing wages but they could have some sort of wage set with payroll? I'm not sure how it all works though  Thanks this really helps! Yeah I reckon I'm best to say something soon as I don't want any bad feelings about it since it wasn't my fault to begin with. I haven't spent any/much of the money anyways because I've been afraid of something happening I'm not too foolish when it comes to money which is good in this situation. I'm really hoping it's a raise, it would be great to keep it all! Thanks a bunch for your help  Thankfully I haven't, it's all been going into my savings/just in case account. Guess I better get onto them  I don't know Irish law, so I will refrain from opining on the result, but I am curious about a few things. What sort of documentation exists stating how much you should be paid? Did you have an explicit conversation with your employer when you returned from your 4 month trip about being hired back at the same wage, or did you just make the assumption that it would be at the same wage? Is your wage unreasonably high for the type of work, or just more than you were expecting? I ask because if Irish law is anything like US law, you will owe the money back it if is a genuine mistake, but the burden will be on them to show that it was a mistake. If there is something in writing showing you and your employer agreed to $10/hr and your paychecks are for $20/hr, that would be pretty clear cut, but if there isn't any documentation to that effect, they might have a hard time proving their case.  This happened to a co-worker of mine a few years ago. He actually wrote into an advice columnist and this was the advice he got, and followed. Things worked out just fine for him in the end: 1. You do indeed owe them the money. Sorry, so the sooner YOU go them to alert them of the issue the better. It will put you in a better light. If you don't come forward and they find out you knew and didn't say anything this could reflect poorly on you. 2. Setup a re-payment plan so that you don't have to pay it all back at once. This was the solution that my co-worker and company came up with. They basically garnished his wages at a reasonable percentage until the balance was corrected. It's not as simple of an equation as you'd think it'd be either, they have to figure out tax adjustments and stuff as well. It sucked for him for a while, but it was really the least painful solution for everyone involved. 3. Maybe you got a raise? Either way, just be honest about it. Say you realized something was different, did the math and was worried something might be wrong and wanted to check. If you got a raise, awesome! If not, you are now the honest employee who came forward and is doing the right thing. Good luck! Oof. I certainly hope you haven't been spending this extra money, because you absolutely do owe it back. The longer you keep ignoring this problem the more you're going to owe back later.