 I haven’t taken the SAT since high school and suddenly I get this email: The email was from collegeboard.org. I went to that website, used the “Forgot username or password” option and was able to retrieve my old login from high school that included my graduating year and full name. After I login, I see this: So whoever it is has taken the test three times each October in 2016, 2017, and 2018 in the 9th, 10th, and 11th grade respectively. To take the test I know you have to show picture ID. So this means a student might have a fake ID with my name and photo and has had it since October 2016. I called CollegeBoard and they are quickly escalating this and will call me back later with details. I’m just not sure if this is something I need to overly concerned about as far as my identity, or if I am misunderstanding what is exactly going on here. If someone does have my ID, how do I catch them? NAL. Know the SAT, the College Board, and test prep/fraud. This is going to be a technical issue on their end. There’s very little benefit to taking the SAT under your identity. SAT fraud involves taking the test for an underperforming student. The only possible benefit here would be using a “safe” and disposable identity to record test items. There are easier ways to do that.  Not a lawyer, but I work in higher ed software and while I don't work at the college board, they are a vendor and some of my colleagues have worked there in the past. It is entirely possible that this is a technical issue on their end; If you have even a mildly common name, some kid with the same name may have accidentally had their name and scores merged with your (now inactive) account with them. As someone who works software support for college systems that track this sort of data, I can say firsthand that duplicate detection is a hard problem for this kind of software, and if they have their duplicate detection rules/subroutines/whatever set up wrong (don't know exactly how college board does their record keeping, but am familiar with the general way these things are done) then this kid and you might have been one of the weird false positive edge cases that they didn't account for when making those rules.