 We live in one state and he lives in another, 6 hours away. He is hard to communicate with(hard of hearing, talks a lot, changes the subject) so we have been getting a lot of information from his care giver. Seems like a small town shady real estate agent and a slum lord tricked him, but I'll fill you in as best I can. He has his own house but has another one that he rents out. Somehow he gets in his mind he wants to sell the house he rents out all of a sudden. FIL, FIL's care giver, real estate agent/buyer and current renters all looked at the contract together but he didn't sign it. He changed his mind and called the buyer to say he didn't want to sell. The real estate agent then came over to his house late in the evening when he is tired and confused and as far as we can tell, he scared him into thinking that he needed to sign the contract or he would be sued for backing out of the contract (that he hadn't signed yet). So he signed it. Do we have any rights here? Did my wife need to be present for him to even sell the house? Was it legal for them to lie to him about why/what he needed to sign/'so he wouldn't get sued'? The contract says that if he calls and tells them he didn't want to sell in a certain amount of time then it is canceled. He called, and he called in time. That is when the shady night visit happened with the threat. Just want to see if there's anything we can do. Thanks so much for reading.  't signed anything yet? There's a legal term called 'promissory estoppel'. More or less, it holds that if you verbally promise to enter into an agreement, then back out in a way that harms the other party, you can still be held liable. So while I think you're mostly right that he couldn't have been held liable, it's not impossible that he could have faced legal trouble for backing out. And even if he were legally in the right, it's still possible that they could have sued him anyway. And in any case, threatening civil legal action is legal in pretty much all circumstances. So they were scummy but within the law, and if you're looking for a legal angle to use that to overturn the agreement, I think you're barking up the wrong tree. But IANAL. There's also this question: what exactly did he sign? Was it a normal real estate contract with a closing period? If so, you should consult with a real estate lawyer about what it would take to back out. Depends - who contracted the realtor? Did your father sign any agreement with them at any point prior to this? But again, a real estate lawyer is who you should be talking to. Thanks so much for your reply. I think I made it really confusing, because it is. He wasn't backing out of anything because he hadn't entered into anything yet. The threat was a lie- that my FIL had already made a deal and if he didn't sign this paper(the contract, and we are not sure that my FIL knew that) that he would be in legal trouble. But how could he be in legal trouble if he hadn't signed anything yet? Hence the lie/threat. I added a few more details if that helps. Again, thanks. right now my wife and I are just trying to read through the contract and look for a flub on the real estate agent or buyer's side. also, the real estate agent was the same for the buyer and the seller, is that allowed in MO? There's a difference between being PoA and being a legal guardian. PoA gives you the power to act in someone's stead, but it does not inherently mean that the grantor is legally incapable of acting by themselves. You would need a different kind of court order if you wanted to actually prevent him from managing his own affairs. That being said, elder abuse is a thing, and if there are questions as to his mental competence then you might be able to have the contract voided on those terms. You would need to consult with a family attorney ASAP to see what can be done. But a couple of points: if he is mentally competent enough to make decisions, then nothing illegal happened here. It is actually true that by entering a contract to sell and then backing out, he might have opened himself up to liability and thus the 'threat' had basis in fact. That could come into play. Also, a final point: is the contract to sell itself a bad thing? If he was pressured to sell it for significantly less than market value, then you have a case for elder abuse. If he's getting a fair value for it, though, and if we're talking about a place he's not living, then you'll have a harder time arguing how he's being taken advantage of,. Sorry, added location. So she didn't need to sign it? Thanks for the reply. If your plan is to breach the contract you should consult with an attorney who can go over all the facts. The best answer anybody can give you with only a summary, and no location, is "maybe". 