  I am a Junior in CS with an internship offer for Summer 2019. I am required to sign a non-compete and post-employment agreement saying that I will notify the company about new employment for the following 2 years. Also agreeing to not perform services for the telecommunications/utility industry for the next 2 years after my internship ends. How serious are these agreements as an intern? Are they even enforceable? This business is located in Missouri.  I am not a lawyer, but I have actually had a former employer use one of these agreements to get a new job offer rescinded, so I've learned a few things about the legal framework for noncompetes. Frankly, there's a lot of misinformation out there on noncompete enforceability. The details of noncompete enforceability vary by state, but the basic legal framework is pretty much the same everywhere (except for the few states that don't enforce them at all). The key point is that an employer can't use noncompetes just to reduce competition for your services or to stop a competitor from benefiting from your work experience. Noncompetes are only supposed to be enforceable to protect certain "legitimate business interests." What constitutes a legitimate business interest varies from state to state ([you can look up Missouri or any other state here]()) but they're generally things like trade secrets in which the employer has made substantial investment. So if in the course of your internship you have access to the company's top secret algorithms for optimizing the placement of telephone poles, the agreement could be enforceable. If they just don't want you taking your C++ programming skills to a competitor, then it shouldn't be enforceable. Even if you will have access to trade secrets, the noncompete should only stop you from taking positions where the trade secrets are likely to be used or disclosed. The states vary somewhat in how likely that needs to be. But if you worked with the top secret telephone pole placement algorithm this summer and then there should be no problem with you going to a cellular phone company (which doesn't need telephone poles). There are many more nuances to the law, and I'm not going to go any deeper, other than to say that while many noncompetes are unenforceable, the legal system won't necessarily prevent your employer from using them to take away a new job. Let's assume you sign this noncompete, you take the internship next summer, and then in 2020 you decide to go work for another telecom. And someone at your old employer finds out, and says, "But dr\_smackdathoe signed a noncompete!" And then they call up their lawyer who drafts TWO cease-and-desist letters: one for you and one for your new employer. All of a sudden, you either have to retain a lawyer or quit your job. And your new employer, who is being threatened with a tortious interference suit, has to either go to court or fire you. Even if you can afford a lawyer, your new employer probably won't want to bother with litigation. Even though they can probably afford the court battle, it's a hassle that most companies just don't want to deal with (unless you're very important to them). Notice that the previous paragraph said nothing about legitimate business interests. That's because the facts and the law don't matter until your case goes to court. And if you lose the job before things go to court, then the law can't do much to help you. It certainly can't give you the job back if you win. Maybe you eventually recover some of the income you lost when you lost the job. Having been through one noncompete ordeal (documented [here]()) already, I don't really like noncompetes, but since I live in a state that enforces them, it's hard to avoid them altogether. I like to at least start a conversation with a prospective employer about their noncompete. I ask them what legitimate business interests they're trying to protect, and then I ask them to tailor the agreements to those interests. I've had some luck getting things rewritten, though not quite as much as I'd like. It's paid. $18/hr So they want you to work for free, then not use the skills for two years?  The below link may be helpful. Of note, missouri courts are ruling that at will employment alone is not consideration for an NC. Depending how lucrative this opportunity is, you may want to talk to a lawyer too. Also, Does your school have a career assistance center? If you got your internship thru them, they may be able to assist in getting the company to withdraw the NC.  Ive been reading these posts and they all contain very conflicting opinions. I was hoping someone might have more knowledge on how Missouri handles non-compete agreements.  =0.1 usqp=mq331AQGCAEoAVgB some good answers here 