 Around June of 2018 I signed a lease with 3 other people for a house that we lived in for a year. Rent was $1200 a month and we each payed $300 a month. We had known that one of our roommates was struggling to pay rent after the first 2 months and soon after we were notified by the realtor that that same roommate had not paid rent at all for several months. He kept promising to pay rent and continue working extra hours to pay and talked to them specifically to tell them he would make a payment plan with them, at one point was even starting to pay more than the agreed upon $300 a month to catch up on his past due balance. We moved out of this place in June of 2018 and just received a phone-call from the realtor saying that we have around $5000 overdue from late-fees, trash removal, floor repairs, labor, and that certain roommate not paying his rent. Now to give some context on this house we moved in, the house was an absolute dumpster of a house, I am currently in college and the house had been leased to acquaintances of ours for the past 6 years, so when we moved in the place was almost completely unlivable, no idea how it was even legal to rent the place out to us. This place had absolutely no fire alarms in the entire 2 story building, broken windows, trash and probably around 50 leftover pieces of furniture, mice, including a room thats entire floor was covered in mouse droppings, black mold in the basement, they hadn't had anyone to come and clean the place in atleast 6 years, basically this house was a piece of work. So with all that being said is there anything I can do to not be held liable for this? I paid my share of the rent completely and I as a 21 year old college student cannot afford to pay $5000 for one of our roommates inability to pay rent and past tenants inability to take care of the place. Sorry if this is really broad and not worded the best, it's just a super frustrating situation that I do not want to be a part of. We did not take photos of the property, we did not have an official walkthrough upon moving out, and yes we did have a security deposit which the $6000 has already subtracted our security deposit. The only proof of these things already being in the condition that they were when we moved in is group text messages with my roommates (with date included) of us stating what we think needs to be fixed with pictures of a list we gave to the landlord. Mkay, this assumes that you successfully terminated your tenancy per the terms of the lease. Did you photograph the condition of the property before moving in? Did you do a walkthrough upon move out? Did you have a security deposit? Was it returned? Ultimately, you can dispute the charges based on what you've said here, but you can't make the landlord agree that you don't owe what's being demanded. If you don't pay, the landlord's recourse is to sue you. You are likely jointly and severally liable for any damages done to the property/unpaid rent, meaning the LL can sue you alone for everything. If the landlord sues you and wins, you can turn around and sue the other roommates for any amount more than you feel you should be made to pay. You can sue the roommate who didn't pay his share for whatever that amounts to. Sorry, We moved in around June or July or 2017, and moved out in either June or July of 2018. This is also in Springfield Missouri Both dates you wrote are June 2018. What dates did you mean to write, (or did you really move in and out in the same month?), and what is your location?