 On Thursday I got rear ended on the highway. I have liability and the woman who hit me said she had insurance, but the card was expired. I got her information and filed a police report and a claim with insurance. Her insurance called me the next day to tell me that she doesn't have a current policy with them, so they can't do anything about it. The estimated damage to the car was $6,000 and to be completely honest I have no idea what I'm going to do. The car isn't drivable at the moment so I've been borrowing my moms car (haven't gotten a rental because theres no one to pay for it) and I'm taking steps to see how much it would be to get the car drivable. The legal advice I need is in regards to the next steps of this process. The car if totaled is most likely worth around $4,000. Do I sue her in small claims court? (not really sure how all of that works) I have a little bit of money in savings, but definitely not enough for a new car. I appreciate any and all help with this, Thank you. Lawyer up and sue them. Idk of any other options. Thank you for the response  thanks  Step 1 is to get a more exact figure for the fair market value for the the car. Since the repairs are more than the car's value, you can only pursue replacement value. Step 2 is to send a 'demand letter'. This is just a letter that you send to her saying "please pay me $X or I will have to sue." It doesn't need to have special language or anything, but it is a usual requirement of small claims court that you try to collect before filing suit. Step 3 would be to file in small claims court. This is designed to be a process amateurs can do, though you need to be able to figure out basic paperwork. Start by figuring out which county this would be in, which would probably be the county where the accident happened. Google "X County Small Claims" to get more information on how to proceed.  I don't think missouri has UMPD so your only option is to sue the driver but if they can't afford to keep their insurance current then good luck collecting any judgment you get against them. 