 Someone I know is marrying a Navy sailor and moving to Washington state. I would assume that she’s not able to possess or smoke on base and we know he isn’t allowed to smoke but are there any laws about her smoking? Like if she came to my apartment and smoked and then was dropped off on base could she like get in trouble for being high if she didn’t have any weed or paraphernalia on her? There have been instances of people getting in legal trouble for possession in National Parks. Remember, rangers are federal officers and enforce federal law. IANAL, but I was an Air Force officer. Even if she's smoking off-base in an area where it's legal, it's a bad idea, and could have serious consequences for her husband. Let's just suppose he's got a security clearance, and she waltzes on base stoned. He could lose his clearance, and that would be very bad for him. Possession of any part of the marijuana plant except authorized industrial research hemp or lawfully distributed Marinol is unlawful everywhere within the the territory and the special maritime and admiralty jurisdiction of the United States (presuming you do not possess a DEA research registration). Because Congress found in passing the Controlled Substances Act that intrastate possession could not remain legal while having any effective regulation of interstate commerce therein, it is and always has been unlawful to possess marijuana anywhere in the United States under Federal law. Violation of the Controlled Substances Act by anyone on a military installation is highly likely to result in arrest by MPs, the branch Criminal Investigations Service, DoD Police, etc. which will lead to UCMJ charged against military persons and referral to an Assistant United States Attorney for prosecution of civilians. Further, evidence of drug abuse anywhere will likely result in issues for the service member. Although unlikely, it is technically possible for anyone to be charged with marijuana possession in the US even in a “legal” state. If you were, say, snagged in the distribution of a controlled substance to service members and NCIS decided to take a look, you could face serious time in federal prison.  Its federally illegal. All military housing, on or off base, enforce federal laws regarding use and posession, even if it's considered medical use. That to say, aside from getting caught by MPs at the gate, if they live on base, they could lose their right to military housing and this would follow them to their next duty station and make them ineligible for housing there also. NAL: You can't possess it on base, and the service member shouldn't be around it, but if the spouse possess it and uses it off base, they are civilians. If they are on base and high? Dumb idea on average, I wouldn't risk her getting picked up by the master at arms, because if that happens they will find something to charge her with. It is still illegal on federal property. The base is federal property if she gets busted she will be in trouble and they can test her for marijuana. Game wardens have to ticket people in the national forest (legal in the state but national forest is federal land) near where I live if they are caught with marijuana or if they smell it. If they smell it on her they can ticket her.