 Recently, I managed to get into my number 1 choice college, with a very good scholarship. My sister, who goes to the same college and is in the same department I plan to go into, has a bit of a complicated relationship with me. In some of the recent arguments we have had, she has threatened me multiple times with ruining my reputation and social life at the school and department, on the basis that she knows almost everyone there. (It's a small school.) If she does do this, it has the possibility of ruining my chances for this career, as it is heavily based on networking with others in the industry. Is there anything I can do to protect myself legally? Should I just cut my losses, and try to find another school? (If anyone needs to know, I'm 18.) This would almost certainly violate the code of conduct for that school. Go to the school and ignore her. Be the bigger person. If someone asks, just say, "My sister and I have a complicated relationship which I do not discuss. Please don't believe anything she says about me." If one party is babbling about gossip and bullshit, and the other party isn't feeding it, it will become very clear very fast who is the adult. Any chance of smoothing things over with her? Or at the very least a discussion about mutual distance? I am sorry, it sounds like a very tough spot to be in since it is your top choice.  Do you have documentation -- emails, text, social media, (legal) recordings? If so, save them. 1) Read the student handbook for your school. What your sister is doing (issuing a threat) may be violating the student code of conduct. Even if you are not sure, report her to the school. (Look for something called a student conduct office/officer.) 2) If you accept, schedule a meeting with the department chair and talk to them about what your sister has threatened.  What is this, a sensible comment on Reddit? Yeah, your parents are helping foot the bill for both of you, you're going into a very niche field like aviation, AND you're being offered 90K to go to that school? Your parents are probably going to rip her a new one if they know she's jeopardizing their money and an additional free 90K.  No, but there would be a lot of mutual people we would be in contact with, and the school has under 3k people attending, so any action could have major consequences in the school. The career path is Aviation/Aviation Management.  $90k to that school? Tell her to find another school if she has a problem with it. Keep your stuff secure, password protect everything, especially your computer. If you share one, set up a new user account, never save any passwords. If I were a faculty member and I heard an undergrad say something to the effect of -hey, watch our for my little brother next year, he doesn't respect anyone- I would perceive it as ludicrous immature sibling bickering. Be yourself and go to the school you want. It's been verbal, unfortunately. The threats are just things she does when she wants to get her way, (Like getting me to walk the dog when my parents told her to do it.) It's generally petty. I am looking at other schools, and am applying too. The problem is, the school scholarship I'm being offered is over $90k, so thats a lot of money I'm not sure I'm willing to put down.  My parents are helping with paying, so I'll talk to them about ASAP. Is the department so small that you two would be forced into constant contact or collaboration? Do you mind sharing what the career path is as well? If she makes these threats over digital media, keep multiple copies. Lock down your I do - social media, emails, university stuff. Make up fake answers for any questions she would know answers to (eg mother's maiden name.) I assume this is a jealousy thing? What's her angle? Is it worth the angst to go to this university? It might be simpler to go somewhere else; meanwhile, keep her distant and your relationship cordial. Well if someone writes you off solely based on your political beliefs without ever having met you or interacted with you in any way, then you probably shouldn't waste your time with them anyway. Your relationship was doomed from the beginning with close minded people. Normally, I would agree with you, but the climate in American academia today is a bit... interesting. She could simply say something like "my brother is a Trump supporter" and presto, it could be all over for him. They might even thank her for telling them. This is one of those situations where she's not exactly thinking things through. How mature does she seem that she's try to ruin her sibling's academic and professional reputation over some family spat? Doing petty shit like that has a way of backfiring on the person doing it. I would instantly lose any respect for someone who did that. (1) because like I said, it's not professional and (2) because it makes me feel like they view me as lesser or stupid in that I can't make my own decisions about someone. Also, if you two still have strong relationship with your parents and they help with paying stuff while you're in college, she's playing with fire. They aren't going to appreciate your sister doing anything to jeopardize your education. So, she might want to think again on that aspect as well. 