 I'm a dual citizen (US-Germany) currently living in the US saving money and I plan to FIRE (financial independence / early retirement) to Germany in my mid 40s (late 30s currently). I will not have huge amounts in my accounts (403b/457/IRA), but I don't have children, have a partner who is happy to work, and we live pretty minimalist. I will probably retire with under $1 million in my accounts so I won't be a "covered expat". As you likely all know, a US citizen is taxed on her income worldwide but there are two ways to get around some of the taxes. One is the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion, which is something like $110,000 per year of foreign earned income is not subject to US taxes. However, the according to the IRS, "annuity and pension payments" do not qualify as foreign earned income. Specific quote: Pension or annuity payments, including social security benefits So it seems like withdrawals from US retirement accounts would count as US income, not German income. On the other hand doing some research on the US-German tax treaty I come up with this: Specifically: - your 401k distribution - according to US-Germany tax treaty - is taxable only in Germany. To avoid withholding - you need to provide a signed form W8BEN - www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw8ben.pdf the administrator of your 401k account and referenced the tax treaty which overrides the US tax law. It appears the person asking the question is strictly a German national, not also a US citizen. If I retain my US citizenship, does the German tax treaty imply that I would only have to pay German taxes since I could consider the withdrawals as German income, and thus have that income fall under FEIE? I also found this: "Pension and annuities" for Germany lists 0, so does everything else including interest, social security, and royalties. In fact it lists everything for Germany as 0 except taxes paid by corporations (15% listed) and qualifying dividends (5% listed). So if I'm reading this table right, 0% for pensions and annuities to Germany (I would of course pay German taxes). Would it fall under FEIE if I don't renounce? Would it be 0% in US taxes if I do? You can renounce but you have to get it approved and pay an exit tax. It is not worth it unless you have a lot of wealth even then it is a pain. It is nearly impossible to get the citizenship back. If you ever needed to go to U.S. you would need a visa etc. The U.S. and Germany have a tax treaty and it is not as bad as you think. Talk to a CPA/ tax attorney who specializes in this.  I believe the US passed a law saying you can't renounce simply for tax purposes. And then no matter what, they also made it even harder to renounce for any purposes. Retirement money never qualifies for the FEIE. The treaty based position works for US citizens. Between that and the foreign tax credit, your pain point is unlikely to be US income tax and more likely to be the cost of having your expat returns prepared.