 Bought a champion sweatshirt and the description on the website says it's made by 100% cotton. But when I received the item, the label shows it's actually 50% cotton 50% polyester??? Contact the customer service got the only solution is return. When I asked them to update their wording on the website, the representative seems not care about the fraud information at all!!!! What should I do in my follow step?  It's because you're talking to a customer service rep and he has no power to do what you're asking. They said they'd forward it on so I'm not sure what you else are expecting. Do you think the customer service department can go on the corporate website and edit things right there on the spot? That's now how it works. I can tell you at my job if I want to change something on a site like that I have to submit a request to the dept who handles that and then it can take days or weeks for the changes to be reviewed and put into effect. And I'm in operations which is a lot closer to the matter than customer service. Of course the person that answers the phone cannot change the website. What makes me unhappy is after I asked them to change the wording on the website the guy replied me 'I cannot change the wording on the website. We can only forward this on to have this updated'. Everyone makes mistake, but if someone point it out and you don't take action, it's not only mistake anymore. I will keep an eye on this and see whether they will fix this. Mistakes do not equal fraud, and people on this sub through that term around way to loosely. If you are unhappy with the sweater return it. As long as they refund you, you have no damages and no claim to pursue further action. There's no practical legal remedy for you to get what you want here. Returning the sweatshirt would make you whole. You can't sue for something that might happen to someone else. If you really in your heart believe they are purposefully mislabeling there website to try and move those disgusting 50% polyester sweatshirts, feel free to write to your state's AG but expect absolutely nothing to come from it. NAL: they could have sent you the wrong item, mis tagged the shirt or had a misprint on the website. It’s not fraud, it’s a simple mistake that’s corrected by returning the item for your refund or keeping it and moving on. Contrary to what you may think, you did not just hit pay dirt in terms of a lawsuit, nor will you be awarded anything more than what you paid for the shirt should you elect to get a refund by returning it. File a complaint with the Consumer Protection division of the attorney general’s office. You’ll feel better and they’ll do nothing.  The people who care would see the label and return it. It's a mistake.  No, it's a mistake. IF someone else did not realize this, and they keep the information as this. Is this not a fraud? ... they offered a refund. Why would that be fraud?  You should elect to take the return/refund, or keep the shirt. You can complain to corporate about their misleading website information. It could be the result of a simple mistake. Let it go 