 This morning the heat wasn't coming through my vent so I popped it open to see why, in there I found a camera that was pointed into our room. It was battery powered and dead for I don't know how long, but it definitely wasn't there before I moved in in August. Im a college student that lives in an on campus apartment. There are 4 bedrooms which each have 1 or 2 people. I share a bedroom with another guy. There's 7 of us in total. I work for out networking department. I looked up the physical address of the camera and it was registered to my roommates girlfriend I don't believe my roommate knows about the camera. It seems stupid for him to leave the camera in there when there was more than ample opportunity to take it out and his girlfriend is a bit on the crazy side so it wouldn't shock me if she did it without her knowing I am obviously very uncomfortable about that as it was in my bedroom and recorded God knows what. Even though Vermont is a one party consent, this can't be legal. What should I do? \ I guess you meant "I work for OUR networking department" Please bear in mind that your "looking up the physical address of the camera", or subsequent actions based on that info might be a violation of your job's policies. Difficult to assess exactly without knowing all the details, but definitely take this factor in consideration. No. Go to police. This is a crime.  If you report it then I would let the police figure out who it belongs to, I wouldn't admit that you looked it up yourself as you probably aren't allowed to do that and you might get into trouble at work.   Omg your roommate was trying to film you fucking your gf. IT WAS OBVIOUSLY YOUR ROOMMATE.  Someone put it there. Either your roommate to film himself, or the girlfriend to make sure he is not cheating. Report to campus security and go from there. I doubt that is the only camera on campus and they should have policies for dealing with this. Seeing how they're both in school to be teachers, that should definitely be something they thought about. [removed] Yeah, if you are concerned about that stuff not getting out, I would definitely be on top of filing that police report and getting them to investigate. I would also have your girlfriend call and make a report on it as she is a victim here as well. Getting the police involved is the only real way to help ensure this does not get out anywhere; you need them to investigate, speak with the roommate and his girlfriend, see what was recorded, and make sure it's deleted. This stuff is very serious. In fact, in Vermont, a second voyeurism offense will land you on the sex offender registry. So it's not to be taken lightly. If these two are getting off on watching videos of you and your girlfriend having sex, that is not okay. I've also heard of people doing this and posting it to porn sites where they can leverage the content network to make money off of voyeuristic porn, which -- according to a friend -- has a whole category to itself on many major porn sites. Yeah, please don’t tie up 911 with something like this. OP is not in imminent danger here. He should report it to the campus police authorities on their non-emergency number.  I'm almost certain my roommate was the target, but I'm on the recording too, so obviously it's something I'm concerned about. I was poking around in that vent in August so it's not something that was just left there I dont do anything illegal in my room. I can't think of anything on the recordings that could get me in any kind of legal trouble. The worst stuff on there would be having sex with my girlfriend which obviously I would prefer not getting out, but that's the worst of it. Take photos of it and save them. This has nothing to do with recording consent laws- if his gf was recording you, it’s an invasion of privacy or even peeping. Any chance you all have switched rooms in the last year? I’m asking because it may not have been you that was the target. Anyway, I’d report it to the campus police and not say anything to your roommate. One party consent is only meaningful when one of the parties that is a subject of the recording has consented. You can't consent to recording of something you're not part of, so that would make this irrelevant! The relevant charge is voyeurism [(13 V.S.A. § 2605)](). This is a class I misdemeanor punishable by up to 2 years in prison and a $1K fine. Call the police to report this crime if you want to get the ball rolling on anything like that. It's the only recourse you have if you want to do anything about it. I would disagree with others who advise to charge it and investigate on your own. Doing so will fuck with the evidence and damage any potential case. Let the police investigate and see what's on it, and their people can determine whether there's anything criminal on there. Unless you've been doing drugs or something in there, in which case, yeah, you might want to check it out on your own! EDIT: Okay, I see from other comments now that it's just an IP camera. Still criminal, just a little more complex. Call 911 and make a report to the police and they can get a search warrant for your roommate and his girlfriend's hard drives, or can at the very least question them about it. Do not mention finding it to either of them if you go that route. Im not quite sure, yeah. Report to campus security? Yes, but I don't really see how that would help me Maybe report her anyway? Did you take photographic evidence pf the camera in the vent? I doubt that it is legally hidden in a vent which would be a breach of privacy It's an ipcam nothing is actually stored on the device, no storage on the cam from what I can tell Can op get into any legal issues by looking? Since it's not his? Just wondering