 Admittedly, that title sounds pretty juvenile, but I have had exes since this guy and there were some questionable private back and forth sexy talk etc. I just feel really violated, I have the right to privacy. I’m not sure this is the right thread, but I figure there must be some other RCMP members here who could give an opinion of its worth reporting. Backstory: We dated for like a year, he got really nasty at the end of our relationship and told me I was a mirage, a siren and I wasn’t Christian enough for him. shrugs I never pretended to be anything other than myself. He’d freak out when I even wore yoga pants around another guy. He’s the kind of guy who would want to prove to himself that he’s right about me and make himself feel better. Snapchat periodically booted me out of my account and I just thought it was a glitch or the app updated itself or something, it’s been happening literally since we broke up, I never put two and two together though. Snapchat has a new security feature that tells you when someone signs into your snap and they think it’s suspicious. I was snapping across the country and he signed in on the other side, it noted the exact town (where I know he’s been posted now). Obviously it didn’t state his name, but it’s an older password I forgot to change and he is the ONLY person on this planet who knows it. When we were dating he got really controlling and made me give him my passwords to social media - it was my mistake for forgetting to change it on snap. Obviously I just changed it now though. Is it even worth trying to do something or report him to the RCMP where he works? I know it was my fault for forgetting to change my password.. This guy is a police officer, he’s supposed to help people and be ethical - but I just feel so violated and creeped out. It’s been two years and that’s stalker-y. [Living in Canada FYI] I realize this is a day old, but for your benefit turn on two factor authentication. It will require a second step in logging in. That way if someone has your password they have to be able to provide the second factor as well:  Change password.  You also need to enable 2 factor authentication. You should change the password on all your social media accounts and enable 2F on all of them. I always recommend using a password manager like Lastpass or Keepass. They allow you to have strong passwords without trying to remember them. (I use this one)  Thanks patman will do  The IP address may help. Depends on where that IP comes back to. But again, the biggest issue is the voluntary sharing of the password and the failure to change/revoke. He's got a great argument that he didn't know you didn't want him in there. Do the password change on anything you gave him, starting with your email addresses that these accounts connect to. After that, he doesn't have that argument anymore. Dang. I figured as much. Feeling really dumb in hindsight, but hindsight is always 20/20 hey? The Snapchat email also gave me his IP address. Do you think that’d be enough evidence to prove it’s him?  You can report it, sure. It's unlikely they would take much action, for a couple of reasons: 1. You voluntarily gave him the password, and your lack of change can be seen as implied consent to continue using. 2. The fact that you shared the password means that it's unsecure, which gives him a decent defense that it wasn't him. 3. Your evidence is geographically wide. If you haven't changed the password, do so. If someone continues to break in, you need to track down how that's happening and then look into reporting him.