 Hey redditors, this is about a really petty stuff but I still would like to know my option although I am pretty sure there is nothing much to do here. Anyway here comes the deal. I live in a flat with four room mates (2f/2m) and every now and then I find a new big nick in one of my four kitchen knifes that I realy like and that I try to keep sharp as hell. Although they were not that expensive in general they are in terms of my personal income and I really like cooking with these knifes as it is just so much more fun. However, one of my room mates (I am certain which one\[like really damn certain\], even though I never catched him doing it) keeps making nicks about 2-3 mm deep and about the same width into my knives. The metal is completely bent to on of the sides. Obviously he doesn't like me and I don't like him and we could just ignore each other I would be happy with that, but that doesn't seem work here and I am starting to get really pissed. So, is there any reasonable thing to do here? Additional information: german law applies Have you tried talking to him about it? “I’d appreciate it if you guys stopped using my knifes” Or “Hey everyone, I don’t mind if you use the knifes, but they are getting beat up. If you don’t know how to use them properly, ask me and I will show you so these knifes last a while”  You can stop it by restricting his access to your knives, however you feel most appropriate. You can get reimbursed for the damage by suing him. Yeah, keep those knives in a space that isn't common so he can't do that.  I get that this is a minor thing to ask about, but never the less there is damage done to my property which is, even though it's minor, still ilegal and I am asking for advice on how to stop this. I guess that would just make something else in the kitchen that belongs to me the target and I can't keep everything in my room (which I can't lock btw) That's what I did. Just keep it seperate, bring it out when you need to and that's about it. To be frank, this post does not belong here, OP. You can keep your knives separate and inaccessible unless you're the one who is using them.