 My aunt died at the end of September, at age 90. Her decline was quite rapid over the previous year, and I spent the last three months living with her and taking care of her, and then had the benefit of hospice the last few weeks thankfully. She left my mother the beneficiary of her life insurance policy. Considering the incredibly bleak financial situation my parents are in (and both are 72 years old), this would be a huge help for them. But after months of getting run around by the insurance company telling us everything was fine and proceeding properly (we sent them the original agreement, the death certificate, etc), we were just told this morning that my aunt neglected her annual payment last November, 2017. Over two months after we first contacted Banner and were told the policy was still in effect. My aunt was still mentally competent at the time and paying her bills, and she was an amazingly responsible person. My mother asked the insurance company rep whether or not my aunt had been sent a bill because it seems so very unlikely that my aunt would not have paid that bill when she was paid everything else. My mother took over her bills early last Spring and everything had been up to date at that point. I want to sob, because there are so many things that are just destroying my family economically (and tbh most of it comes from short-sightedness on my parents part over the years) and this was a shot at some amount of security for them. I have no idea how to tackle this and whether there is anything I can do to really investigate this. Right now we're checking with my aunt's bank to see if the insurance company was paid out of the account in 2017. If it turns out that the insurance company was not paid, is there anything that can be done to check to see if they actually sent her a bill? I can't think of anything, but I'm desperate and any decent advice that might help would be greatly appreciated. I'm trying to be careful in this and not allow myself to get hopeful for a positive result, but this is something to look into which is valuable. Thank you. Not a lawyer BUT a licensed life insurance agent that got my dad's life insurance carrier to pay out after he died, even though the policy had been cancelled for 3 years. So obviously none of this is a guarantee but I will just tell you what I did. Review the policy and see if she had something called a "waiver of premium" rider on the policy. This will allow the policy holder to waive their monthly premium payments if certain conditions are met. It's meant to prevent things exactly like this - the policyholder slipping into a coma for 6 months and then dying, and having their policy cancelled during those 6 months. In my dad's case he was in a nursing home and had decreased cognitive skills and could not have reasonably paid the premium, and it took a lot of arm twisting and certified letters from the nursing home, but they eventually relented and paid out. Hope this helps at all! Solid advice we can get started on. Thank you. You've taken the appropriate first step of requesting the bank to verify what payments have been made to the insurer. I would follow this up now with a request for a complete accounting on the policy showing all premium payments made. You should also request copies of any cancellation notices sent to her. (It goes wothout saying, but: check whatever paperwork your aunt had from the bank and insurer, as well.) You will also want to check the terms of the policy and see what it says about premiums due, missed payments, reinstatement, and possibly any disability waiver of premiums rights she may have had.