 TL;DR: Suing a small business in small claims in an almost guaranteed winning case, small business owner is very angry and could have ties to organised crime. Business owner hired PIs to investigate on me and my family and have been on my property, presented themselves as government officials, and I have reasons to believe they vandalized my property. Don't know what to do about this. Hi, I live in Ontario/Canada. I currently have a case against a small business in small claims court. This is a long story that I want to avoid the details of due to privacy. Basically, the business used many tactics to sell me a product that was defective and used a phantom company to hide from lawsuits. I do not need legal advice on my small claims case, because it's quite a clear cut case with many written proof where the defendant admits to screwing me over and witnesses that have testified against the defendant. I know this is quite vague and might make you confused, but I really do not want to be identified. All you need to do is that my court date is coming soon and it is quite obvious that I will win my case, asking for $20k. The resolution am I am asking for is to return the product, pay for repairs I had to do due to product damaging my property, and misc fees ranging from expert inspections to punitive damages, pain and suffering, loss of time, stress, etc. This is not an unfounded claim and the money am I am asking for is justified. This is where I need help. I recently became aware that the defendant has hired private investigators on many occasions to try to see if he can find anything against me in the case. He did not. The following are the issues I have with the private investigators: I have been called from people claiming to be from the government and asking for a bunch of personal information to "update their files" and even asked about my whereabouts. I believe this would fall under some law against representing yourself a a government employee to gain private information. I even received calls from someone pretending to be from my bank. I did not reveal any information to them, but I am still worried that they could catch me off guard one day and reveal private information about me. I do not have any proof that these calls were from the private investigators. I do not have any recordings. I am not here to sue them or press criminal charges as I have nothing to prove what they did apart from my testimony. I know these calls are from the PIs and not just some scammer because they knew a lot of information about me such as previous jobs and bank account, as I revealed that information to the defendant. I am going to pick up the investigation report to see if the PIs claim they made these calls. Basically I know it was the,, I just have no proof. The PIs have been on my property. A man came to my door late at night and pretended to want to buy the product I am suing the defendant for. That was very fishy as no one really knows about the product and I asked questions about who he is and how he knows about the product and he refused to answer. My product has been damaged during the events when the PIs were active. My product can be seen from outside and someone has vandalized said product soon after I received the calls and the man came at my door. Again, I have no proof that they did it, I just highly suspect it. I know these may seem like nothing to you, but the problem is that I am scared. I am not necessarily here to ask you how can I push legal action action the PIs, as I don't even know if what they did was legal or not. I do believe they could fall under trespassing laws for coming late at night and harassment since I received more than 5 calls to get information out of me. What I am here for is to ask legal advice about what I should do about the defendant and how I can protect myself. I believe the defendant hired PIs to gain information that could compromise me but found nothing, so decided to vandalize my product as he found the address where the product is at with the help of PIs. The defendant seems like a tough guy that could be involved in organised crime. He seems to be willing to do anything to stop me from wining the case as he is know counter-suing me for $10k in fees for private investigators and lawyers. However, you can't have lawyers in small claims. I know his claims will be dismissed in court, but the fact that he is counter-suing seems to indicate he wants to make me back down. I am afraid that once I win, he will be very angry and might hire people to do bad things to me or my family. I learned last night about the fact that he hired PIs against me, so I am still learning new things every moment. To reiterate, I am not here for legal advice on my small claims case nor am I claiming that I want to sue the PIs. If you could tell me if they did anything illegal, I would appreciate it though. I am mainly looking for information on how to legally get them to back off, how I could protect myself from them or any other group that the defendant hires against me. As I said, I am afraid of him. If I wasn't afraid of retaliation, I would tell my stories to the news and tell my story on his facebook page, but I am afraid he will send people after me. Is there anything I should tell to the judge about this in my case?  Without proof it is heresay I would also make a police report about the product that was vandalized.  Nobody can assure you that this businessman won't retaliate. It's often the case that someone will counter-sue, so that's not an issue at all. However, someone knocking on your door and asking to buy your product, followed by the product vandalized, that IS a big deal. You should probably call the police to make a report of the vandalism. Also, make a detailed report of all suspicious visits and calls, and get a record of those calls from the phone company.  IANAL. If your intent is to have the product returned, it may be the vendor's idea to have the product damaged so that they can claim that the product they originally sent to you was in better condition than when it was sent back to them. This results in you owing them the difference (or the difference comes out of the judgment). You would need to prove it was them (or their agents) that vandalized it in the first place. It could just be a coincidence, however unlikely, that it was just a random act by a third party. I would suggest taking photos of the current condition of the product. I assume you have photos of it when you got it, along with whatever damage it has caused, and any repairs you've done due to it. Depending on the condition of the product, and the conditions of your home insurance, could your home insurance cover the cost of the vandalism? If needed. Good luck! [deleted] [removed]  Edit: Also might be a good idea to let some neighbours know of the situation and to be on the look out for suspicious behaviours / call the police if they see anything.