 I'm a 16 year old girl in Ontario and I was raped last year by a 17 year old boy at my school. I was too scared to do anything about it when it happened else than seek medical care. I have x-rays, bloodwork, a medical report and two MRIs. He damaged my spine so it is twisted and shifted to the right which is obvious on my x-rays and noted by the technician. My hamstring was torn and is documented with an MRI. I just got an MRI on my back because I am in so much pain I can't sit up. My back muscles are also damaged and strained. My jaw and neck has some minor muscular damage. This has caused serious mental issues and I am seeing a therapist multiple times a week. I'm constantly terrified and scared to go to school because I think he's going to hurt me again. He also has photos of underage girls without their consent. He would take pictures up their dress when they weren't looking, when this was taken to the principal nothing happened. So what can I do? I told all the doctors that I just didn't know how all my injuries happened but I don't want him to hurt anyone else or get into a good school or get any scholarships. I have messages of him admitting to raping me as well. I'm crying for you right now..I'm so sorry you had to endure this traumatic thing. Best thing I can say is bring everything you have. If this goes to court, be prepared for them to try to grind you down though.. unfortunately, victims are treated as criminals half the time. I wish you a lot of luck and stay strong for yourself and the rest of us who have been victims but couldn't bring ourselves to come forward❤ Back these up. Stash hard copies somewhere. I am so sorry this happened to you and that you're going through this. You survived. You are moving forward. You have a community of strangers here rooting for you. You are helping others in the same situation gather courage to speak up. My heart is with you. Bring this bastard to the ground. EDIT: Yes (opinion not legal advice). Rape is unwanted, forced, and/or sex that was not in consent of all parties. You both have had CONSENSUAL sex in the past but 6 months ago, it was rape. "I know I raped you but don't call me a rapist" is the same as "I killed your friend but I'm not a murderer". Elizabeth Fry Societies can be a resource for legal help, counseling and occasionally emotional support in court. If there's one in your area or province, it might be another place to check out. I'm going to talk this all over with my counselor Monday morning and make a plan Keep those and back them up. Go to the police and get a lawyer. I'm rooting for you. I have a voicemail of him saying "I'm sorry I did that to you" and texts of him saying "I know I raped you but don't call me a rapist" would that count as definite or no? It's not too late to take legal action. However, it may be too late to gather the evidence necessary to get beyond a reasonable doubt to convict your attacker. It seems pretty clear that you have evidence of the injuries, but it is unclear if the evidence exists proving it was your attacker that caused it (as opposed to someone else, an accident, etc). I'm really sorry about that. However, at this point, all we can recommend is for you to take action, while knowing it's not a sure thing that you will get justice. Just, understand this going in. Best of luck to you. Sports? I don't play anything and have no history of any injuries... I don't understand what you're saying to me if it means I can't go to the police or not I have bloodwork, x-rays, photos of the bruises, doctors reports, prescriptions given by doctors and Mri's. And a therapist testement. Is that actually not enough to bring to the police? That's a really good idea. I think I'll do that :) I think him having to stay away from me by not being able to go to the same school should count as justice as does me spontaneously becoming injured and him admitting via text he rape me actually not count? If it gets to a point where your parents will find out, maybe take then to a therapy session with you and explain it there with your therapist. I did this, and my therapist explained the situation to my parents while I waited outside the room (my choice) and came back in after she had told them, and we talked about it together. Edit: of course you don't have to do this, it's just a option and it made it easier on me [removed] Thank you, I was really scared but this helps Why would I want him to get into a good school specifically the one I want to get into? I don't think this goes beyond him raping my and making it so I am in constant pain and traumatized Go file a police report right away before more details are forgotten. It may be too late to gather evidence, but get it started. You are being brave and doing the right thing making the report.  6 months is not too long to press charges. It is probably too old to collect any physical evidence from the event ('fluids'), but definitely not too late to go to the police.  Bad timing, bot what the hell is the point of this bot? Unfortunately life can be horrible, you survived this and have been doing a great job of taking care of yourself. IANAL however I am Canadian and earlier this year I went through reporting my step-daughter's sexual abuse to the police. The police have some amazing resources and officers specially trained in this and victim services will also be very helpful if you are worried about your families reaction. If you don't want your parents involved in the initial reporting process and are unsure of how to bring them into this knowledge safely I recommend working with the counsellor/psychiatrist/therapist you are currently seeing to come up with a plan to achieve reporting this to police and telling your parents. If the principal has ignored complaints about this student in the past and he is still attending your school contact the school board after you file your criminal complaint with police and let them know that you are concerned that the principal hasn't/won't take(n) appropriate action. Also if your school has a school resource officer work with him to develope a safety plan for you (if the accused is still at your school). I applaud your bravery in this and this will be a difficult time but there are lots of great supports available to you and I am confident that you will encounter a lot of caring, compassionate professionals who will fight this with you and help you in your healing process. Best wishes OP and keep on fighting, you've got this! Contact RAINN, they'll help you out You have plenty of evidence, especially with those messages. Don't beat yourself up about 'waiting too long', it's a common thing. If your family tries to shame you, the problem's with them, not you.  I am sorry this happened to you. Go to the local police and file a report. You might want to tell your parents first if you think they will be supportive. 