  Abuse has been going on for a while. The backstory: My five year old brother and I am our mom’s biological kids. She married a man with four children from a past marriage: A ten year old girl, thirteen year old boy, sixteen year old boy, and a fifteen year old boy. I am thirteen. Ever since my mom married this guy his children have been abusing us, but it wasn’t always this bad. It used to be more minor. For example, one time one of the teenage boys threw his backpack full of textbooks at my brother’s head so hard it made him bleed. He called that an “accident” and the parents believed him. Another time they spilled a bit of boiling oil on my leg and laughed about it. Another “accident”. You see what I mean? Things that were really intentional but could be perceived as carelessness. If I told my mom they would do these things on purpose she’d dismiss me, call me irrational, and say “There’s no one in this house out to get you, no one’s doing anything on purpose.” If I defend myself I am punished harshly because they think I’m violent for no reason and the reason I’m like this is because of lack of discipline(in the words of my mom’s husband).. One night the fifteen year old got in my bed that three of us share. He started touching me inappropriately and I woke up. I may have said something like “Get off” or “Please stop”, I can’t really remember. All I know is I panicked and reached over to the dresser to grab the nearest object, which happened to be a snow glob, and smashed it on his head. The metal cut his eye and he slit his foot on the glass that landed on the floor. My mom let her husband hit the shit out of me and kicked me out of the room permanently. Now I sleep on the couch in the living room. The last straw was when, about a week ago, I woke up in the morning to screaming in teenager’s room. The parents left early for work. The other kids were pinning my brother down. I tried to help him, and the two eldest boys held me down. The ten year old girl and thirteen year old boy forced pens and markers in him and there was nothing I could do. I tried to call the police with the house phone but the teenagers stopped me using force. We had to lock ourselves in the bathroom until the parents came home. When they did I tried calling the police again but that time my mom grabbed me and told me I couldn’t call them while her husband disconnected the house phone. They took my phone and anything else I could use to call for help. (Side note: I’m using the family computer to type this- and I have to be really careful they don’t see this post-so it might take a while before I can read the responses.) The parents say if I call the police they’ll hit me, and that I have no reason to call the police, and if I do I’ll be the one taken away. When I told my little brother, “Tell Mom what happened!”, he shook his head and didn’t say anything. Then our Mom told everyone to stay away from me, including my brother, because I’m mentally unstable and I was going to be out of this house soon because her husband says so. I don’t know what they’re going to do to me. I don’t know what they mean by they’re going to get rid of me but right now I want to keep my brother safe. A few questions: How do I prove the KIDS are abusive? What if I get ahold of the police and they investigate but my family says its not true and we have to stay here? Or they somehow kick me out of the house? How can I get me and my brother away from this family for good? And how the hell do I get the police without a phone or anything? We live in Texas.  [removed] Ditto. Ask them to call, right then and there, the police and CPS. This is serious abuse and doesn't matter if your mom lies, there will be physical evidence of abuse still on your little brother. Also, my heart hurts for you and your brother, and I'm sorry that your mom head failed in her duty to protect you both. Every teacher in your school is also a mandated reporter. If the counselor on campus daily and you can't see the principal or assistant principal for some reason, tell a teacher. You likely have one you trust to help you. They must make the call to the required number in your state and they must do it as soon as possible. Same day. Source: I am a former public school teacher who has made those calls multiple times. You are brave for coming forward.  Really? Please also mention that you are afraid for your brothers safety also!! Thank you for being his advocate. He needs you [removed]  That might be useful advice if OP were older or lived in a different part of the country. But OP is 13 and lives in Texas. Large parts of Texas are very, very rural--like, "if you see a gas station you better stop now, because there might not be another one for 150 miles" rural. Unless OP lives in or relatively near a decent-sized city, there probably isn't even a McDonald's he/she can walk to, much less a police station. And unless OP is in Houston, San Antonio, Dallas, Austin, or El Paso, there's basically no public transportation. If OP's dad is in the picture, he's probably the best resource for RIGHT NOW help. Otherwise, waiting until school on Monday is likely the best of the terrible options available to this poor kid.  DO NOT EXAMINE YOUR BROTHER! It is not your role or responsibility to gather evidence. That is the role and responsibility of a medical professional. I have yet to close an investigation based solely on the parents’ word that the allegations are not true. That’s not how investigating child abuse and neglect works. They were stopped from doing it. It's not the permission that's the problem. Do not forget when you report to stress that your mother and her husband had three of you share a bed. That in itself is unusual enough that it should set alarm bells off with authorities. And presumably there is evidence of that in a quick bed count in your house. Good luck, kiddo. I have my fingers crossed for you and your sibling. There are compassionate adults out there, I hope you find one quickly.  [removed] Definitely go to the school counselor or even go to the police station if you have to. Tell them everything, EVERYTHING that has happened, no matter how minor or major it is. Tell them when it started and ask for help, tell them you are scared for your and your brothers safety. Good luck. First thing I would do is take your brother and run to a police station tell them what happened and request to speak with child services, if you have a family member you trust they will ask them if they will take you, if no family members are available they will put you into a foster home, it will be a scary experience, especially if no family is available but it has got to be better then living in that house. 1) Talk to your school counselor. 2) if possible print out exactly what you typed here and hand it to said counselor. You might not remember everything. This is the best way they get all of the information Still saying the kid needs to see a doctor This is the best information in this thread. OP listen to somebody who works with people in your specific situation. If you’re in the states look your state up and let these people help you and your brother.  Even with a SANE exam, which are done during forensic interviews as needed, often there are no physical signs of sexual abuse, even with penetration. I haven't read the other responses but just have to say I'm so sorry and take your younger brother by the hand and leave with the clothes on your back. You don't want to ever live with your parents or your half-siblings ever again. That may be harsh but for you and your brother to heal and grow up healthy, you need to be with a family who believes you when you report abuse. Your parents and the teenagers have committed multiple crimes and should be in jail. Go to law enforcement and report or if there is physical evidence like with your brother, go to the ER first and report. They will bring in law enforcement and social workers. You and your brother need to leave NOW. This is not a "wait to speak with the school counselor on Monday" type of situation. This is escalating into a life or death situation. ANYTIME, I repeat ANYTIME some one prevents you from calling 9-1-1 (or the equivalent) you need to lock in your brain that the situation has now become a life or death situation. Make sure that you are very clear that when you tried to call the police your mom stopped you, they disconnected the phone and threatened to abuse you if you contacted the police.  perhaps, but I imagine a doctor's attention could help get to the truth I just looked on the Texas DFPS site. Any abuse of a child 5 or under is an immediate investigation and is a serious flagged case. If you report, they'll more than likely seize your brother at the least and complete a Rape kit on him. Even without bodily fluids involved, there is usually signs of trauma to the genital area especially when the abuse is done by teenagers. Contact them immediately or ASAP. Borrow a friend's phone. Tell your teachers and school counselors. The hotline is 1-800-252-5400 and if you can, call the police to make a police report with a trusted adult around. Be careful of any friend's parents that may be close to your parents. As a formerly abused child, I could've escaped at age 3 if their friends had said anything. Sometimes adults are comfortable with what they know. And honey they are absolutely abusing you, too. Maybe not in the same way but your mother should take this seriously and she's not. Cutting off all contact is a form of abuse. Saying she will "get rid of you" is abuse. You're being mentally and emotionally abused by your parents as well as physically and sexually abused by the step siblings being held down forcibly and made to watch something so heinous. There's a lot of signs that maybe those kids were also sexually abused. Maybe your stepdad abused them and your mom is scared/in denial. You never know until you report it so it can come to light. I hope you and your brother get out of that situation asap. Stay strong 💙💚 Tell a trusted teacher or school counselor. They are all mandatory reporters.  Whew, good! Think about it, he might not know if he has ink marks, poor kid. He’s already upset, you’re better off not bringing it up to him. That way it can’t be twisted as you coaching him or anything. A doctor therapists are the only ones who should talk to him about it, they know what to say to help him. I wish any of us could say for sure what will happen, but we don’t know. You’ll be able to clearly tell everyone about the threats they’ve made to you about going to the police. And that they removed your ability to call for help. That’s huge, it was deliberate, it shows that they can’t be trusted to care for you. It sounds like there’s a good probability they’ll be charged with something. The step-siblings probably will be placed somewhere receive counseling. They’re obviously pretty damaged kids. You’re doing everything right. Tell the full story about every incident, even if you think you said/did something wrong too. You didn’t. You can ask questions, you have every right to tell everyone you’re scared that you or your brother will ever have to go back there. Posting this was the first huge step to safety. You’re doing the right thing for everyone. Like others said, you can show your post to the authorities. It’s intimidating talking to police or people in charge, try to remember that their job is to help kids like you. They want to help you. Show your post. I don’t know if you have a counselor on site everyday at your school, around here, they rotate between different schools. It doesn’t have to be a counselor, it’s more important that you go straight to the school office have them to call the police for you. If, for some bizarre reason, they hesitate or put you off, borrow a friend’s phone call the cops yourself. Tell a trusted teacher. They are required by law to contact authorities  It’s hard to say what will happen to your parents and with the kids. It will probably depend largely on whether there is proof of the sexual abuse, and whether they knew about it. Their ambivalence to let it go on can be criminal but your brother hasn’t told them anything and I’m not sure you have either in regard to this event. The children may be removed from their dad’s home and taken into custody where they will get counseling and maybe therapy. The parents may be required to take parenting classes and such but I doubt it’ll do them much good. Every state is different in the way it handles child abuse and reuniting kids with their parents. Be passionate when you tell of the abuse you have suffered because you are being abused and your brother is too. He can’t protect himself and he’s depending on you. It’s a horrible responsibility to bear and shouldn’t be left to you, but here you are being brave as heck. Don’t let him be stuck in that situation because you’re afraid. You both deserve so much better  When you speak with your counselor, she will almost certainly make a report to your state’s child abuse neglect hotline. Your counselor is a mandated reporter, so she has to report the information you provide to her, as it is sexual abuse. A CPS investigator will be assigned and that person will need to interview you, your siblings and your parents. They may also interview your teacher, pediatrician and others who can provide information about your family. It is very important that you are truthful with the investigator and that you know you are not in any trouble for speaking to the investigator. Since the allegations involve sexual abuse, you and your siblings could be forensically interviewed. I know that seems scary, but it’s basically a recorded interview by a person specifically trained to ask questions in a way that is not biased or leading. If criminal charges are filed, the forensic interview can be used as you and your siblings’ testimony. When the investigator has gathered the information needed, they will decide whether you and your siblings are safe in the home and whether there is evidence that the abuse you’ve described has happened. If it is decided you and your siblings are UNSAFE in the home, you could be placed with a family member or another safe adult or a foster home, if no family placement is available. Your parents may have to complete certain services to regain custody. If it is decided you are SAFE in your home, there is a range of outcomes: the case could be closed with no further action or your family could be recommended to complete services such as counseling and parenting classes. That is extremely unfortunate. There are some crappy, overworked CPS investigators. But generally, they tend to be okay. And often a LOT is happening behind the scenes that you won't see. If you find yourself in this situation again, keep making reports. The number of reports really, really matters. You can, and should, also ask to escalate to talk to a supervisor.  If you live anywhere within walking distance of a police station or fire station you could go there today. Tomorrow with the school counselor is better, but if anything happens where you need to get out NOW, go there. Make sure to tell the counselor that you are afraid your parents will lie about it and then abuse you when the police leave. And tell the police the same when you talk to them. Do your best to just tell them the facts of what you saw and what happens. It's not your fault and you should tell him that it is not his fault. It is the fault of the people trying to sexually abuse each of you. Make sure you tell the teachers, CPS, and police that you don't feel safe returning to the home and that you feel that you will be retaliated against for reporting the abuse. [removed] This is actually not always true. Even with penetration, human tissue, especially in young children, is incredibly resilient and often does not show physical signs of sexual abuse. We often cannot substantiate sexual abuse based on physical evidence, or lack of, alone. No, don’t do that! You don’t want to ask your brother to undress take pics of him! How would they know you didn’t put any marks on him when he confides in someone about that?!  I am a child protective services investigator. Please speak to a trusted adult, such as a teacher, friend’s parent or the principal at your school about what is happening immediately. No one, including other children, should be hurting other children in your home. I know your mother has told you not to call the police, but this is definitely something that is not appropriate and is unsafe for you and the other children involved. If you are comfortable, you can locate your state on this list and call the child abuse and neglect hotline for your state. You can remain anonymous and reporter information is confidential: =rols:main.dspList rolType=Custom RS_ID=%205 My experiences with CPS have largely been that they show up, the parents say nothing happened, and then they leave.  Teacher here. When you talk to the counselor tell him/her that you are afraid for your safety and do not want to go home. It will start a protocol and they will most likely start an investigation immediately. Also, if you are unable to talk to a counselor immediately and have to fill out a form, write that on it. Also ask whoever is in the office to make a copy and give it to an admin. If the counselor is unavailable for any reason the admin will start the process. There are many many people in place at school to help in a situation like this. Do not stop telling people there until they do something. I'll add that if a student in my classroom told me this I would not go home that day without confirmation from someone that it was being handled.  Not being in law enforcement or CPS, I can't tell you what they'll do. However, maybe someone else here can help. Of course, when you talk to them Monday, ask. They will put you on the right path. OP is going to have to verbally communicate a lot more to the counselor and police than what's in this post so I don't think it's best to tell her a copy and paste is sufficient. Unfortunately this is likely to be the first of many times OP will have to retell this story or more.  You're going to have to talk to someone face to face at retell this at some point. I'm not trying to be harsh but this post isnt going to be sufficient for reporting. It might help your counselor understand what's happening but then she or he will ask for way more information. It might feel scary at first or confusing and this is what you should tell tour counselor. How you're feeling. But you are 100% doing the right thing and once you report, you will have a lot of support from social workers and police. Good luck. [removed] tell a teacher or counselor at your school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A doctor would be able to find out if this happened  If it helps re: talking to them I know I've directed people to posts I've made before when talking in person was difficult. Writing it down and showing it is an option. Regardless of what happens, if a report doesn't pan out the first time please, please don't feel that it's useless and that you should just resign yourself to the way things, sometimes multiple or additional reports have to be made. Take your brother with you if you run away to someone’s house. Do it when they are distracted by something else. Go to a neighbors you know will answer. Keep knocking until someone does and explain you need the police and ask to use their phone.  Please do the right thing and call the police as soon as you can. [deleted] If you're too nervous to talk about it, you can always give your counselor this post you wrote, or just read it to her. The most common mistake people make when they report things like this is that they get scared or nervous or have a hard time talking about it. Then they either don't tell the whole story or try to make it seem less bad, and then the counselor doesn't understand how bad it is. As long as you tell the whole story, honestly, this will get flagged and escalated very quickly. Absolutely this. Make them aware you are not safe and do not feel safe as well. These are very serious allegations and would likely mean immediate intervention from CPS/your school/the police. Please tell them AS SOON as you get to school. I say this because you want to allow enough time for the proper authorities to be contacted and to have a plan in place for the end of the school day vs. just releasing you to go home. I’ve seen situations unfold at the end of the school day that results in parents/siblings being tipped off that something is up when the child isn’t on the bus or whatever their usual after school arrangements are. Source: Am a school teacher and mandated reported  Does she have an email? If she does, cut and paste this post. Let her know you need help.  The police will come talk to you first to find out what’s going on. You don’t have to prove anything. You’re doing exactly the right thing, asking adults for help. Do you go to school? I’m hoping so, you mentioned a book bag of textbooks. If you can’t safely make a call, tomorrow morning when you go to school, go straight to the principal or vice-principal’s office. Tell the staff it’s an emergency, you have to talk to one of them. Ask either one to call the police for you. Your mother stepfather disconnected the house phone took your phone because you tried calling the police after your step siblings raped your 5 yr old brother with objects. They’re threatening to hurt you if you tell, that they’re telling everyone you’re unstable so no one will believe you. Your brother is too scared to even tell your mom because he sees how much trouble you’re in. Your brother is very, very lucky to have you. I’m so sorry you two are going through this hell, you’re right taking steps to stop it. God only knows what they will do next, given the chance. Do you know how to delete your history on your computer? If not, tell us, we’ll walk you through it. ETA: NAL She will likely call the police and child protective services. They will want to speak with you. Make sure you tell your counselor that your mother and step dad will not let you report it. They will likely come to the school to speak with you before trying to talk to your parents. These allegations are very serious. If you have ANY proof, hide it and give it to the CPS worker and/or the police. Protect yourself and your brother. You’re an amazing kid for doing this and don’t let anyone tell you differently.  [deleted] Do you have any relatives who would take you in like grandparents. Oh my god, my heart is breaking for you and your brother. Please, please, please tell the school counselor ASAP. This poor baby and you do not deserve to be treated this way.  Tell a trusted adult, like a teacher or counselor. they will help you contact CPS. Kids abuse other kids. CPS is familiar with these types of situations and will investigate. With enough evidence (your statement is evidence. You don't need physical evidence of the assault) they will take measures to protect you and your sibling in the future, such as placing you in a different home, as well as provide counseling.  You should talk to a school counselor about this ASAP, they're mandated reporters. You don't prove anything, you just tell them what's going on and CPS investigates. 