 I've been working for an agency since September '17. In March '18, they announced the company would be splitting down the middle. Execs explained that they had chosen their teams and everyone had been sorted with no input from employees. Fast forward to June: It was clear (to me) I belonged on the other side of the fence. As it so happened, the other business had an opening for my exact position. I ran this up to my exec team and was told that a non-compete clause had been built into the contract that explicitly prohibited one side from poaching talent from the other side. I investigated and discovered that, while poaching was prohibited, it didn't prevent an employee from proactively wanting to be moved, so long as both companies agreed to the move. No shocker: my company didn't agree. Important context: this was all happening while the contract hadn't been signed. This discussion began in June and the contract wasn't signed until mid-October. My question is two-fold. 1) This certainly feels like an unprofessional move on my company's part, but what does the law saw about this? Can my rights to free choice in the job market be signed away without my input? Even if the contract wasn't signed in June, do I/we still have to abide by the restrictions? 2) After I raised the issue with my CEO, he told me point blank that I could work anywhere I wanted to, but I would never be allowed to work for the other company. When we got off the phone, he called HR and said I would be leaving the company and to set up a meeting with me re: my exit plan. I said nothing about leaving. After that interaction, executives have treated me differently and I've gotten cold shoulders - a lot. Do I have a harassment case here? How can I protect myself? Interesting. I'd like to hear an expert weigh in then. The agreement seems reasonable to me, but I can see how it can be considered collusion against the employee and could be used by certain employers against their employees.  - The company didn't sign away your rights, they merely signed away their right to hire someone from the other split firm. INAL either, but that doesn't seem right to me. Anti-poaching agreements represent collusion against the employee, and are thus unconscionable. Also, I found [this article](), which says this: : New York’s reasonableness test – the test used to analyze non-compete agreements between employers and employees – applies just the same to no-hire agreements between competitors like REI and TransUnion. That reasonableness test requires the employer to show that the agreement is (i) reasonable in time and area, (ii) necessary to protect the employer’s legitimate interests, (iii) not harmful to the public; and (iv) not unreasonably burdensome to the employee. oOF. No, they can't tell you that. Unless you signed a non-compete, and one of the agencies was the original and the other was a spinoff... they can prevent you from working at the other, or taking clients. However, if you didn't, they'd have no claim of that. What they "could do" is collude. Basically agree between them they won't try and poach the other person's employees. The problem with that is its illegal, anti-competitive, anti-worker, and again... illegal. If you try and apply at the other side, and both executives say no, you have pretty good grounds for a lawsuit.  NAL - The company didn't sign away your rights, they merely signed away their right to hire someone from the other split firm. Regarding the cold shoulder from management team: for most companies it is SOP to remove an employee that has expressed a desire to leave the company. Note that a cold shoulder isn't necessarily harassment. Copied from [here](): The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) defines harassment as unwelcome verbal or physical behavior that is based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender/gender identity, nationality, age (40 or older), physical or mental disability, or genetic information. Moreover, harassment is unlawful when: 1. Enduring the offensive conduct becomes a prerequisite to continued employment, or 2. The conduct is severe or pervasive enough that a reasonable person would consider the workplace intimidating, hostile, or abusive. Also, if a supervisor’s harassment results in an obvious change in the employee’s salary or status, this conduct would be considered unlawful workplace harassment. So if you feel the workplace has become hostile, then you might have a case. However, social awkwardness and unwillingness to interact with you except when strictly required for business continuity purposes don't usually constitute a hostile workplace. On a personal note: you've shown your hand by making public your intent to leave. You've basically told everyone that you no longer want to be a part of their team. If you want to stay with this company now that you've learned that the other company won't hire you, you're going to need to do a lot of work to repair those bridges that you started burning. NAL- but that doesn't sound like a company I would wish to stay with, if I were you .