 Both of my daughters are seeing therapists. The therapists have advised that the meetings should be weekly for both children. My former spouse agreed to the therapy for the kids but under much protest as she, "does not believe it is necessary". Kids are 11 and 13. We have joint 50/50 legal and physical. Our placement schedule is a bit unusual—the kids are with me for 2-weeks and then with my former spouse for 2-weeks...so on and so forth. Thus, when therapy is scheduled, the therapists send out an email to both me and my former spouse with available time slots and it is up to us individually to schedule the time during our placement. It has come to my attention that my former spouse is no longer scheduling the therapy sessions for the kids during their time with her. What is the best way, should this ever come to a hearing, for me to document and show that I made her aware of the problem? I was going to send her an email to let her know that I have been made aware that their appointments are not being scheduled. Should I do or say anything in the email to impress on her that this is important or a requirement or offer alternatives (I will take them). I just want to be able to show any court that she isn't doing her due diligence here and that I am trying to reach out , make her aware, and resolve the issue. Any pointers on documenting and what the email should/shouldn't say?  You need to gather documentation first and foremost. The first would be to contact your therapists' office and get a record of all the dates that the girls have attended. Then, you can verify that you provided transportation with your schedule. You can also ensure that you are not being misled. Get the therapists on your "side". Ask that they send out an email saying that they notice that the girls are not being scheduled for half their needed therapy sessions. See how that shakes out. They can inquire if the girls are getting additional therapy "elsewhere" for their notes. (even though you know it's not happening you need to play it cool) If your ex is amiable offer to transport them from school so your ex only has to pick them up from therapy. Yeah, this would suck, but the more healing they do now, the more likely they will not need decades of therapy in the future. If she is not, ask the therapists office if they can do a special schedule--see the girls on Mondays and Fridays that you have them so they are getting as much therapy as possible. You don't want this to need to go to court to fix it. Doing all of this shows that you are filling the girl's needs when they are in your custody. Relentlessly documenting everything, working with the therapists, etc, is going to work for you. Get the record of appointments from the counselor. You can adapt that into color-coded calendar or spreadsheet overlaid with your parenting time. That way, the fact that they only make their therapy appointments when they're with you and only miss them with your spouse will be immediately apparent.