 My landlord is demanding almost 5,000 more than my 1,700 security deposit for re painting of the walls, all new carpet, cleaning of the tile and grout, not cleaning the trash pick up bin, and cleaning of ceiling fan. He's saying their was cat urine on the carpets. My cat and dog were never allowed in the bedrooms with carpet. Prior tenant had 2 small dogs and they were allowed in carpeted rooms. Carpet was never professionally cleaned when they moved out. Saying the walls needed repainting because the patching I used for the nail holes didn't match the paint. How should I handle this in response to the certified letter he sent me ( that was also received 34 days after I moved out). Thank you When I looked at the rental prior to signing lease they were still tenants. Saw her and the 2 dogs when looking at the rental.  OP- You say that the prior tenant had two small dogs that were allowed in the carpeted rooms. Do you perchance know this because you took over the lease of the prior tenant(s)? You respond by disputing the charges in a return communication, attaching any relevant documentation. Particularly anything you have regarding the condition at move-in, and the condition at move-out (hopefully pictures). You don't have to pay anything until a court orders it, and if you want to accelerate the process then you can initiate the lawsuit for the portion of your $1700 you think you're owed. You're going to need to prepare a detailed response to the breakdown of charges, though. For the walls, you might have actually hurt yourself by patching the holes yourself; small holes are allowed, but if you began repairs that left the wall looking out of sorts your landlord has more justification to charge you for repainting. The carpet you're not in good shape on - if you had pets, you're going to have an uphill battle claiming that they didn't damage the carpets. What you can do is make sure your landlord is accounting for depreciation. meaning they have to document how old the carpet is and account for the age of the carpet when calculating replacement costs. And on every line item, they can only charge you a reasonable rate. If you think anything is inflated, you can get your own estimates and respond accordingly. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.