 Info: I'm 19 and live in sweden. I am being threatened online via Kik by a man who says he will send my nude photos and videos to my dad, if I don't send him more videos. The videos he wants me to send are sexually explicit. Out of fear, I complied, he has photos of me, with face (I did not send them, they leaked online and he knows about them). This person has my address and full name of my dad. This person also told me he had raped someone before. I have screenshots but I deleted my Kik account. I don't have any information about the man. In addition to this, I am also receiving anonymous threats. Is talking to the police overkill and what can they actually do? this is a common scam. Go to the police. I am not sure what the laws are there but most revenge porn is illegal. First thing is to get copies of all the correspondence. Second go to the police. Third, block them.  Tack! [\_form\_id=503147](=503147) Hi, sorry you're going through this, I don't have much practical advice for you but wanted to tip you to check out MySafety's Näthatsförsäkring. Which is an insurance that will help you getting those pictures removed from online, aid you in contact with the police, provide access to counselors, legal help, and more. It only costs 39kr/month, and I think could really help you with some of these issues, like getting those photos taken down, and they will also be able to advice you how to handle the kik-creep. Hoppas det hjälper, skicka gärna ett pm ifall du har frågor, jag jobbar för företaget och hjälper gärna till.   You may have more contacts than you realize... former teachers, neighbors, cousins. If all else fails you should be able to seek help at a battered women's shelter.  I do not have any friends or know a single person outside of my family. The person is not my ex, at least I doubt so based on my impression of this person. I know exactly how they found my address. I made the mistake of giving out my first name and middle name online. Unfortunately in sweden, you can find anyone's information by googling their name. There is no way to remove this.  1) Yes, go to the police. Keep screenshots, document names, information, every interaction you have with this person, and provide all information to the police. nbsp; 2) Sounds like there is a good chance that this person is someone you know in person. Maybe an ex, or an ex's friend. nbsp; 3) In the other thread you mentioned being Muslim and that your father would hurt you if he found out. If you are a victim of abuse, I suggest seeking a safe space with a friend or coworker. At age 19 you do not need permission to leave home.  [deleted] I don't think the police would be overkill, but they will be rather limited in what they can actually do about it. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Personal Attack or Otherwise In Poor Taste Your comment has been removed because it contains a personal attack or is otherwise a tasteless comment. Please review the following rules and focus on answering legal questions instead of insulting others. [Commenting Rules 5]() and [7]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed]