 last night it was raining very hard and there's a leaky patch on my ceiling leaking water down to my tv and damaged it, is the landlord required to buy me a new tv because I've told him about the leaky roof before and he never fixed it? Note i don't have renters insurance. Thanks. [deleted] Ultimately you were negligent by leaving your TV in a place where you knew (or should have known) it was liable to be damaged by the leaking roof. You may be entitled to some redress due to your landlord's failure to make repairs, but this isn't a cut-and-dry case of "He was negligent and I was harmed as a direct result." If you want to pursue your LL for damages, you will need to sue him in small claims court where a judge will ultimately decide how to split the blame. That judge may say it's 50/50, maybe 75/25, maybe that it's all on you. But by leaving your TV underneath the leak, you assumed part of the blame here. Note that if you go down that road, be prepared to not have your lease renewed. Every one has given you a solid answer, you just don't like the answer you're getting.  I'm bashing your friend and giving you good advice. Considering what I've said is what everyone else here is saying, I'm confident I'm correct and your friend is only telling you what you want to hear.  [deleted] Exactly nothing, that's what you should get.  I am a professional landlord and your friend is stupid and wrong. You can bring it to your renters insurance, but since you made no move (by literally not moving the tv) to prevent damage, you'll likely be denied. Your landlord owes you nothing for your tv. [deleted] "Professional" implies getting paid. You want professional answers, guess what you gotta do? [deleted] Liability determinations get pretty complicated - but yeah, pretty much. Whoever fucked up the most typically carries the liability. Sometimes a judge can say it's 50/50, 70/30, etc. It's very fact dependent. But the sketchy facts that you describe don't point to the landlord carrying significant liability here. I mean, this is all my judgment, though, and you don't have to give a shit about my opinion. If you want to try your luck in court, go nuts. No. Not necessarily. How long did he know about the leak? Your telling him Tuesday and this happening Wednesday is very different from your reporting the same issue repeatedly over the past year or even once several months ago. Did he know the severity of the leak? When you reported it, did you say, "Hey, there's a spot on the ceiling that is actively wet after last night's rainstorm," or did you say "There's a discolored spot on the ceiling." Finally, and this is important, you have a responsibility to mitigate damages. By recognizing that the roof was leaking and choosing not to move your belongings out of harm's way, you assume shared responsibility for any damages would otherwise have been prevented. So the takeaway: renter's insurance is cheap. We're talking a few dollars per month cheap. You're going to spend as much or more to replace even a low-mid range TV than you would have for several years of renter's insurance.  [deleted] No - you had the most direct path to preventing this problem. If you have evidence of negligence the landlord may owe you the value of the TV. You're also likely to be ruled partially at fault if you placed a TV under a known leak. If it is a new leak you'll be completely liable, and that is the purpose of renter's insurance. Regardless the landlord will NOT owe you a new TV, and that is based specifically around the word "new". "Equivalent replacement" would be more accurate, and I expect you did know that but just in case I'm mentioning it here. This is not straight forward based on presented facts. You also knew about the leaky roof and chose to leave your expensive elective electronics underneath it. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.