 Quebec, Canada Almost 2 months ago I had a tiny leak in a pipe that dripped down into my downstairs neighbor's bathroom ceiling for less than 24 hours and ended up dripping through the bathroom fan. At the time, no damage seemed to have happened. The neighbor decided to wait and see if there would be any damages and no insurances were called. I told her that at any time she has the option to call her insurance, which would evaluate the damages and send the bill to my insurance. That's how you'd normally do this, right? A few weeks ago she called me saying that her paint is starting to chip. I stated again that she can call her insurance. Recently she called me again saying her bathroom fan doesn't work anymore. She had never mentionned that before, and I find it very strange that there would be delayed water damage to her fan. She called her insurance who apparently told her something about her premium being too low, and that she should send me the bill for me to send to my insurance. Here I'd like to note that she's a bit hard to understand, confusing, and confused. It's very possible she didn't explain or understand properly. I'm gonna call my insurance tonight. Anything I should know or mention? Any help would be appreciated. Thank you! I had a similar issue a couple years ago. I had a small leak that I didn't even notice going through the wall down to the lower neighbors wall. Once I learned about it, I immediately got it fixed. Talking with the insurance companies, it was not my direct fault, and since I corrected it immediately I was not liable for repairs. The neighbor would have to use their insurance to get it fixed. If on the other hand, I had noticed and left pooling water, or once notified of the issue and not get it fixed, I would be liable at that time.  Her calling her insurance company is an option; its not mandatory. She could just sue you directly. Then you'd call your insurance company to defend you and/or pay out.  Thank you for the answer. Does that mean I had it wrong that she should normally call her insurance which will then deal with mine? I suspect that the cost of the repairs is less than her deductible, so that it wouldn't make sense to make a claim (as she'd pay the whole thing anyways). That doesn't mean she's SOL - it just means that her insurance isn't going to get involved. She can still pursue you. Whether you choose to pay for the damage yourself, go through your own insurance, or ignore her and see if she sues is your decision to make.