 Hi, I’m a 18 year old muslim girl and I want to runaway by next year summer. I want save up by then but I was wondering is there anything I needed to know legally on how to leave without any issues or any problems. My mom is mentally abusive and I don’t think I can stay here longer. I live in Canada and I don’t know where to start or how to leave. I understand why you are hesitant about leaving home, though you are 18 and considered to be a legal adult. Since you are a Muslim woman, it’s not as simple as walking out the door. I have a few questions: Do you think your parents or other family members would come after you and, if they would, do you think they may physically harm you? Do you or will you have access to money and a safe place to stay with someone who will not reveal your location to your family until you give them permission? There are some steps you can take to prepare: 1. Gather your legal documents, such as your birth certificate, social security card, driver’s license if you have it, vehicle titles if you have any, banking information, any diplomas or certificates you have that would help you obtain employment and any banking documents you may have. I would do this slowly, so as not to raise suspicion. 2. Begin saving money. If you can, set up a savings account at a bank and don’t tell anyone about it. Keep the documents in a safe place. If you do set up or already have a savings account, you could check into getting a safety deposit box to hold your legal documents. 3. Begin researching places to live and estimating how much your deposits will be, so you’ll have an idea of how much money to save. Start thinking about who you may be able to stay with when you leave. 4. Check local community resources for services that can assist you in moving out of your parents’ home safely. You didn’t say if there’s been any violence, but it does seem that your parents are very controlling, so your local domestic violence agency may be able to help you. 5. Speak with the guidance counselor at your university. They may be able to help you with referrals to resources to assist you with your situation. How much will rent, utilities, and food cost you per month? How about additional expenses like phone and clothes? You need to be able to afford those things. Don't forget that first and last months rent will be expensive. You should have 2-4 months worth of expenses saved up in a perfect world. I have around 500 from my osap but other than that I’m broke... looking for a job at my uni too. How much should I save?  Do you have a job? Savings? These are the things you need to focus on. As others have said you can leave any day once you are legally an adult. You could have left at 16 in some provinces. Make certain that you have your important documents such as your passport, birth certificate, SIN card, health card, etc. secured before you leave and any bank account you have is in your name alone. If you have a joint account with mom, open an individual one. tell that to a muslim immigrant mom... This isn't running away...its moving out. Depending on your location the age of majority is either 18 or 19. If you're an adult you can walk out the door any time you want. You are 18, you are an adult, you can walk away right now and there is nothing she can do legally to stop you. You will of course want to make sure that her name isn’t on any bank accounts or other property that you want to take, but you can leave whenever you want as an adult. I’m no expert but you’re 18 so I doubt there would be any legal issue with you leaving home as you are legally an adult