 I’m 18 and it’s really snowy today. This is in NY. I went in for a turn and I started slipping, hit a curb or something on the right side and flew to the left and ran into a store sign. I backed off and went to the parking lot. I called my mom and she told me to calm down and we eventually hung up cause I was panicking so much. I went inside for a bit and when I came out the cops were there and I knew I was screwed. (Just want to say i know I’m a fucking idiot, I knew I should’ve called the police but was too scared. And the thing is something similar happened earlier this year and I witnessed it happen and my immediate thought was to call the police. I knew I couldn’t leave the place without letting someone know, cause in my mind leaving completely would’ve been a lot worse and more guilty.) Anyways I got two tickets, one for a dangerous turn and one for leaving the scene of an accident. I know I’m screwed and my parents are too, I know insurance is gonna skyrocket, and I know I’m an idiot. The officer even told me that if I had called I wouldn’t have gotten the tickets, so now I feel even worse. The two sections or something at the top are 1163A and 6001A. Both are traffic infractions. I just want to know if there is any positive that can come from this even after I massively screwed up. Or would it be completely wrong and a mistake to say I hadn’t left the crime and wasn’t going to leave.  I went into the store and when I came back out he was there. I didn’t have any pictures of before but the road to get in wasn’t shoveled at all. There are after pictures to show it though You should have your own photos. This is all to cover your own ass. People can manipulate the data anyway they want and can choose not to include stuff if they wanted to. Cops especially.  The cop took pictures of the sign and I believe of the car, so I should get my own pictures as well or is that good enough? Did you take pictures of the outcome? When you hit it and after you moved your car? If not, go back and do it. If the shop owner sues for damages, it's best to have pictures so they don't take advantage... First one may be tricky to get dropped since the OP can be argued as not being mindful of the weather when making the turn. When you say you "went inside", were you talking about the store or another address? I’ve left and I’m home now. I’ll definitely bring this up through with my parents cause I don’t want this on my record, I mean who would. Thanks Which is an exaggeration. You're young and you panicked. It's natural. The cop should not have given you a ticket for fleeing the scene when you were in a parking lot not far from the incident. I would bring up the fact that the roads weren't iced even though the weather had been bad. Did you tell the people inside the store what happened? It's natural for you to freak out, Saumpro's reply is sufficient advice so I won't repeat what he said. Yeah it is my first offense. The reasoning he gave was that since I sat around for 45 minutes and didn’t immediately call it was the same thing as leaving the scene.  Cop is lying. Get a lawyer. You can most likely have both tickets dropped especially if it's your first offence. It's better to a clean record and pay a lawyer than to have anything on your record at all. Edit: Also, don't answer any more questions until you're with your lawyer. Cops make the reports and in my experience they often leave things out. If you're still talking to them, take your phone out and start recording everything. 