 NEW JERSEY. Hey reddit, I was involved in a car accident in February earlier this year, the fault was mine for accidentally driving down a one way causing a light collision. After the accident I was cited a ticket, my car was totaled and the lady involved went off in an ambulance to the hospital. Her car suffered minor damaged as her vehicle was much larger then mine. After the accident, I showed at court, my ticket was changed to obstructing traffic and I’ve paid that off. The lady involved sued my insurance company and was paid for her damages in regards to the accident. A few weeks ago, I received a letter in the mail claiming she’s now suing me now under a civil law suit. I’m not very well educated on law as I’m still young and to my knowledge I thought that everything was done and handled by my insurance agency. I’ve now switched insurance providers as my rates were to high and I’m concerned because I have nothing to give in this lawsuit. I live check to check and have nothing but debt. So I guess my questions would be what can I expect to come? Is it okay for her to claim from my insurance as well as target me for additional financial gain? Is there anything I should be doing to prepare myself for this case? What can I lose if I have nothing to give? Thank you, If I left out any other key details please let me know!  If you got served with a lawsuit several weeks ago, you need to let your old insurance company know asap. The deadline to file a response is generally about 3 weeks. They have a duty to defend you (and probably pay for the lawyer). But if you blow it off you may be on the hook. Does the letter just say "I'm going to sue you" or was it an actual summons to court? You should let your old insurance know promptly either way, but if it was just a letter, things are not urgent. She may not actually bring suit at all, or it may be weeks/months before there is a summons.  Look at the letter you received, I was fighting a debt battle over a fraudulent Amazon card and when I officially got served, I had a certain date I had to respond to the suit. Just call the county court where your case is going to be heard, verify your court date and then double check when you have to officially have your response in by. Then work with the insurance company when they get back from holiday if you can't get ahold of them before the holiday. I can't speak to what they other guy knows about if they have to assist you or not, but generally you have reasonable time to arrange your side of the affairs for the court case. Should help take some stress off! Yes, they are obligated to assist you. Also, they will know whether their settlement with her included her acknowledging that was settlement in full and she waived all further claims against you, or not.  I believe so. You pay for them to defend you when you're in a collision and just because you don't have your policy with them anymore doesn't let them off the hook for things that occurred while they did cover you. I’ve been trying to get in contact with them but many of them are out of office for holiday and will not return until next week. Are they legally obligated to assist me in this case? Thank you for your guidance! Contact your insurance company from the time of the accident and tell them you've been served a suit for that accident.