 I tried looking up the law for this in Ohio, but couldn't find anything relevant. I live above a restaurant and need a dog as an ES (emotional support) animal. My landlord simply said he would look into if it's okay to have one above a restaurant but said otherwise he was fine with it (and would have to comply anyway, but the restaurant issue is up in the air) So my question is- is it legal? The dog would never come across or through the restaurant when being taken out and whatnot. I'd really appreciate an answer. I just want to arm myself with the knowledge instead of relying and trusting a landlord to know, and just in case I'm lied to when the time comes. Get a written letter from your therapist/psychiatric practitioner that describes your psychiatric disability and the dog's treatment of symptoms related to that disability. The Fair Housing Act (FHA) is the relevant Federal law. Does the landlord live on the premises ? That's often an exception to the anti-discrimination laws that require landlords to allow support animals. I think you're on the right track with assessing that if your dog does not go into the dining, kitchen, or food prep/storage areas of the restaurant then there is no risk of a health code violation. Ohio revised an element of its food safety law last summer to allow dogs in patio seating at restaurants. You can point to [ORC 3717.14](http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/3717) as supporting that dogs can be around restaurants. The Ohio Uniform Food Safety Code says that pets or service animals [may not be allowed on the premises of a food service establishment](http://codes.ohio.gov/oac/3717-1-06.4), unless contamination of food, service items, and cooking areas cannot occur. A closed door or separate entrance is a very good assurance that "contamination cannot occur". Should be fine. The health code only cares about the restaurant itself, not other spaces within the same building -- they don't care about moldy food in apartment refrigerators, after all; why would they care about animals?