 He was lied to about her being infertile, and thus didn't use a condom. She told him she was going to abort ( free as it's the UK) and now she says she won't. Studying for him is difficult for fear of a child being sprung upon him and various fees as well. When he finishes university we believe he'll have to pay student loans AND child support. He is 17 but by the time the baby is born he will be 18. What can be done? So he’s a scumbag trying to avoid being a deadbeat dad by hoping the mother aborts his child so he doesn’t have to lose face by abandoning it? The fact that he has an unwanted child on the way because he ejaculated inside a woman during unprotected sex shows that to be a lie. You believe wrong. He chose to ejaculate inside her without a condom. I think it's considered the "best method" because it's the only one that prevents pregnancy and STDs. I think the person saying it's the best form was trying to point out that men do indeed have an option to prevent pregnancy, condoms do count.  No, but I was just trying to point out that falsely declaring condoms to be the best form of birth control over implant, pill, vasectomy, coil, tubal litigation etc. Which are all more effective than condoms was a bit silly. I clearly failed in making my point. I'll go sit in the corner now! True but it’s not realistic  No it's not. The implant is way more reliable as far as birth control goes. Condoms and abstinence are the only birth control men can ensure are being used. But condoms are nowhere near the best form of birth control. That's not really true considering rape is a thing that still occurs. You can choose to abstain and still wind up pregnant in a sick twist.  Oh absolutly but if you have sex a condom is the best.  A hormonal contraceptive for men is currently in development IIRC but let us both agree that a condom is the method that offers the best protection. No method is fool proof so I would also use a condom regardless. The best birth control is not having sex.  Unless your friend is trying to prove her unfit so he can gain full custody (note: mental illness does not automatically mean someone is unfit) and they have medical licenses, her friends can't do jack squat in court other than sit there and kiss your mate's backside. If she's so mentally unstable what the heck was he doing sleeping with her? He chose to sleep with her, now he gets to help her provide for their child (if it is actually his child/he doesn't run away without first doing a DNA test to disprove his paternity.) women now have a total of 11 methods to choose from, including barrier methods, hormonal methods, and LARCs In contrast, men only have 2 options—male condom and vasectomy—and neither are hormonal methods or LARCs. The disparity between the number and types of female and male LARCs is problematic for at least two reasons: first, because it forces women to assume most of the financial, health-related, and other burdens of contraception, and, second, because men’s reproductive autonomy is diminished by ceding major responsibility for contraception to women. A more just contraceptive arrangement can only be achieved through the development of male LARCs and reconceptualizing the responsibility for contraception as shared between men and women.  And what court would that be? They won't be relevant or allowed to speak with regard to the support order. Likely the same with regard to custody, which your friend doesn't want as he is a deadbeat. So there's not going to be a court for them to support him at. The best birth control option can already be used by men. That is the condom. Perhaps. But her friends also have agreed to support my friend in court if it comes to that because they agree she’s mentally unstable.  It's called a condom and he didn't use one. No the reason to leave was to stop her incentive of having a kid. If she believes child support wouldn’t be paid perhaps she wouldn’t have the child You don't seem like a good judge of character though.  Amen You should meet him, and then meet the girl. Yep I guess he’ll learn Your response was already about how he could get away with being a deadbeat dad. So I doubt that. You have no idea if she lied or manipulated, she may have truely believed she was infertile. Also, your friend could be full of BS, how do you know she told him she was infertile? People who want to have a "full future" should not have unprotected sex with people they consider unstable. Babies and STD's have a nasty habit of changing things. Damn. No he’s one of the nicest people I know so that won’t be a problem. If he can’t be there 24/7 his friends and I have agreed to help as much as possible Yeah he actually was sexually irresponsible because he didn't want to have a kid and had unprotected sex. It doesn't matter what anyone said to him, adults know unprotected sex is UNPROTECTED. He'd have to stay in one of those countries for the full 18 years, and he can always be followed. He shouldn't take this as a signal to be more of a piece of shit, he need to start being responsible and prepare to pay support.  He had sex without a condom. So yeah I would call him irresponsible. I hope for his child (which will be his resposibillity regardless) that he doesb't turn in a deadbeat dad. We believe she used him manipulatively for the child, but yes I suppose at the end of the day it’s his fault.  He hasn’t especially been sexually irresponsible in that she manipulated him for the child. So because of that he feels like he wants to have a full future again.  Why is it that he thinks he shouldn't have to pay to support the child he half created? Just because the pregnancy wasn't intentional doesn't mean the child doesn't require support. No one is telling little Timmy that he doesn't get taken care of because Dad gets a pass since he was just sexually irresponsible.  Work in what way? It will work in the sense he'll get to shirk his responsibility and possibly affect the quality of life of the child he made doing a consensual act. What kind of family does he have there? If not his mother, father, wife or a Thai child he is acting as a guardian for, it's not as simple as just heading over there without having to apply for a visa and/or jump through a lot of hoops. Yep I think my friend calculated it as around 12-20% of his income. He’s also considering leaving the country to where this law doesn’t apply, such as non REMO countries like Thailand where he has family. Will this work? Yes. In the UK both parents are responsible to financially support their children. If they can't agree on a payment plan together there are several ways she can apply for child maintenance/support. There are calculators your friend can use to see what he may have to pay. Lots of people have "mental problems" and are fantastic parents and lots of people with "mental problems" are even fantastic single parents (who receive child maintenance or child support.) Pregnancy hormones make a lot of women seem "unstable" Infertility is not a simple diagnosis, Drs can be wrong and ovulation issues can mean women ovulate infrequently and are still be diagnosed as infertile. Infertility also does not stop the transmission of STI's and STD's. People also lie. None of the above remove the financial responsibility of a parent over their child. There are lots of people here, nearly all of whom are canada and USA. So you'll get a bunch of folks who don't know the answer. In the USA, he will owe the child support 100%. I assume it will be the same in the UK. Law looks at this from the perspective of the child. Interests of the child are imperative. Your friend will end up paying support. Don't have sex with anyone you don't trust I feel its a bit more empty than here and I won’t get an answer. Ask this in /r/legaladviceUK 