 I saw a comment here the other day stating that doctors are not allowed to bill medicaid patients for services, but I'm sure it's much more complicated than that. I'm going to try to keep this simple. I saw a doctor that was very confusing about whether he accepted insurance. My brother goes to this doctor and is on medicaid, but with a different insurance company, and the doctor takes his insurance. When I made my appointment over the phone, I was told the doctor does not take ANY insurance. I was confused because I know they take my brother's insurance, but I really needed the appointment so I figured I would just pay cash. Then I got there, they took my insurance card ask asked me for a "copay." Specifically, $30 of what I was told would be a $150 visit. I figured they were just wrong and got mixed up and were going to go through my insurance after all (although I usually don't pay any co-pay). At my visit I did not receive the care I was expecting and was instead told I would need to make another appointment and come back, at which point I would be charged for the second appointment. I decided that was bullshit and went to see another doctor instead. Afterwards I received a bill for the remainder of the visit -- $120. This all seems really weird to me. Is there anything I can do or am I really stuck paying it? I feel like something "off" is going on here. 1. As you've noted, there are many medicaid plans and administrators in a given area. A doctor or clinic being contracted with one does not mean they are necessarily contracted with another, or all of them. You may have gotten intake staff that mistakenly thought your plan was contracted, but it is ultimately up to the client to check if the doctor is in-network. Because medicaid or not, if the plan is not contracted they can absolutely bill you for the service. 2. Even if your insurance is in-network, the service billed may not be. You don't say what service you expected to receive, but it's very possible it's not covered. 3. If the service is covered, it's possible the diagnosis listed in the claim is not considered billable/reimbursable by the insurance provider. I work with billing for behavioral health (both commercial and medicaid insurances) and there are several that do not consider "F02.81 dementia" as billable for behavioral health; they consider it medical (different billing rules). 4. If you leave the account as-is they can and will send you to collections. You need to call the billing department of the clinic and ask them specifically why you are getting a bill. But don't sound combative when you do because I can guarantee it will remove any incentive the staff might have to want to help you out...Billing staff hates getting these types of yelling calls, because not only do human errors just happen, but also because nine times out of ten the client is billed because the client failed to be responsible for knowing how their insurance works. It could be a submission or coding error on their end, or it could be something you failed to do on your end. You also need to check your insurance administrator's website and see if the doctor - not just the clinic itself, but the particular doctor who performed the service - is in-network. In the end, if it is determined that you owe the remaining $120, ask to make a payment arrangement of $10 - 30 a month. They'll easily accept that. Look into some things, do your part, and be calm and respectful when you talk to the billing department. And remember that just because it wasn't the service you were expecting it doesn't mean you didn't receive a service. Editing to add - 5. Some offices send out monthly statements as a matter of course. It's possible that your claim has not been adjudicated by insurance yet or the clinic has not posted any payments from it against your account yet...in my experience it can take anywhere from 3 to 8 weeks to receive payer response. Your bill will say if your insurance was billed and if they paid anything. You will want to ask the billing dept this as well. NAL, but I work with Medicaid in another state and can try to give you some suggestions. Also VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: Medicaid law/policy vastly differs state to state and I have no knowledge of NJ specific laws. If the doctor accepts your brother’s Medicaid plan but not your plan or any other insurance plan (it’s unclear whether they did accept it or not), it’s possible the doctor has a single case agreement set up with your brother’s plan. This allows the doctor to see your brother and bill the plan as if he’s an in-network provider, but the doctor would not see anyone else under the same plan. So this would explain why the doctor bills your brother’s plan and not yours. In some states, mine included, it is illegal for a provider to charge a Medicaid member for a Medicaid compensible service, even if the provider is not enrolled in Medicaid. For example, if NJ has this state law (I have no idea if they do or not), the provider wouldn’t be able to bill you for the service they provided if it’s a Medicaid covered service. The provider would have to negotiate a single case agreement or become an enrolled provider with your plan to recoup the cost of providing the service. If this law isn’t in NJ, you may be out of luck since you agreed to the service. Also, receiving a service you didn’t like and not consenting to a service are totally different things. All service provision is tied to Medical Necessity, and the provider may have deduced that the original service you wanted was not medically necessary at the time, so he provided another service. If you didn’t like the service, you can file a complaint. If you didn’t consent to it yet he still provided it (unless you were a danger to yourself or others), that’s getting into patient rights law and that’s a whole other ballgame. All of this being said, since Medicaid law differs state by state, my suggestions to you are as follows: - call the NJ state Medicaid customer service line. Explain the situation to them, and ask whether the provider can bill if you have Medicaid, even if they’re not an enrolled provider. -google whether NJ has a Medicaid Managed Care Ombudsman. They are a third party, usually contracted by the state, to help Medicaid members under managed care navigate situations like this. They are helpful if you need to file a complaint (grievance) -call your managed care plan’s customer service number. This will be what is on your insurance card or explanation of benefits (if your state does those). Explain the situation and share the info the state has provided you. Ask to file a complaint about being charged and against the type of service you were provided. They will then have roughly 15 days to work with you and the provider to resolve your complaints to the best of their ability. Keep in mind though that the best resolution you may get is an apology- I know that’s not helpful, but sometimes that’s the best they can do within the confines of state law. Going forward, be 100% sure that any provider of yours accepts your Medicaid plan. If you need a service that NJ Medicaid covers but there are no doctors in your area that provide said service, call your plan and they will have to find you someone. Edited to say that many doctors who accept Medicaid only open their panels to a certain percentage of Medicaid clients or only certain plans, so your brother may have been able to get into his panel for a different reason than a single case agreement. Not that this really impacts your situation, mostly to explain that insurance is really complicated. 1. Something may be off, but this is not malpractice. 2. If this was an office visit contact the billing office. They can address all these questions you have. There could have been a billing error or miscommunication regarding what insurances are accepted. Depending on medicaid plan and state, some offices cannot accept out of pocket payments for office visits. However, this is dependent on many details you neglected to include. 3. You can also speak to the doctor and explain that you felt not much was done during the initial evaluation, that your issues were not addressed and ask if the follow-up visit cost could be waived (if you are responsible to pay).  If it is something like a suboxone or MMJ doctor (you said cash only doctor, those are the only ones I can think of) then that is standard procedure. You included a lot of irrelevant information but are leaving out key details that would help you get an answer.  What care did you receive? Malpractice of any kind is very fact specific and it is unfortunately beyond the scope of this subreddit. If this is a medical question, it is highly recommended to speak with a medical malpractice attorney; your state's bar may be able to refer you to one. They typically work on contingency, meaning there is little up front cost to you. Similarly, consultations are typically free. It wouldn't hurt to meet with one, have them look over your info, and go from there. If this is a question about legal malpractice, you should seek the advice of a second unrelated attorney and/or report the matter to your state bar association" I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.