 Hello, I am aware of the following situation and I am considering reporting this. I'm uncertain if it's worthwhile due to time since the event. A family with unvaccinated children (older ones vaccinated for college) travelled to an endemic country without proper travel vaccines. Their younger children likely contracted a vaccine-preventable illness. One parent is a physician and one is against vaccines. The family covered up their story, entered multiple public spaces (including flight back to the USA), and finally the physician parents sent everyone to get catchup vaccines. As far as I'm aware, this was never reported to the CDC, which is required for highly transmissible illnesses. This happened maybe 10 years ago. A child is still under their custody as a minor. I assume any evidence (travel information, immunization history, photos of ill children on their vacation) will corroborate this story. My motive? I think that it's not normal to endanger public safety and your own children knowingly. I think that there is an element of covert neglect in the family and from my personal interactions, I am concerned that these children (adults now) need to engage in therapy to restructure "normal morality/empathy for others" rather than just "keeping things under wraps to help the family". I also think it's morally unsound for a physician to let his own unvaccinated children to an endemic country. That said, I'm unfamiliar with the legal system and I don't know where to start.  As best as I know, and can tell, while its frowned upon, treating one's own family isn't circumscribed by the AMA or College of Physicians. Was it a shit decision? Yes. Is it something that most medical ethicists would tell you is a bad idea? All day long. But, is there a penalty for doing so? It doesn't look like it. In the end the facts of the case is pretty simple; the parents decided not to vaccinate their children, which, unfortunately from a public health prospective is a poor decision, but is legal. They went on a trip to what I assume was probably Pakistan or India, where most imported cases of measles originate. His child contracts the virus, he has a viral rash, so his parent does a quick ring vaccination of the children around the infected child. Since he likely didn't get the child tested for measles, there is no lab report of an actual case of measles (if there was a lab report, the lab would have to report). In the end one child has measles, convalesces, and for close to a decade no one says anything. The only thing that you can possibly report them on is failure to report the measles case, but again, I can see how that gets dicey fast, because parents have a ton of leeway about getting their child medical care in the US, and he would claim he wasn't acting as a physician, but as a parent. End all be all? If you believe you should report, report. I would be having the same moral dilemma if I were in your shoes. But, given how strained state Departments of Health are, the time that past, and the gray area between parental choice and responsibility of being a doctor, I don't see this going anywhere.  Haha, great. I think that's exactly the point that I'm trying to make, so we are getting somewhere. I am saying that it is inappropriate for a physician to make these decisions for their own child (preventing them from seeing an objective pediatrician, when this person is an adult doctor) as well as the parent-child relationship entangled in the medical/physician reputation side. For example, "what would my colleagues think if they heard my child had this illness?" Sure, I don't know what would be the outcome (if anything or nothing comes of it), but I also think that the aforementioned physician was not acting in the best interest of the patient or the public. Arguably, it's unclear if this person was acting in the best interest of the child(ren) also. And I am a virologist who works closely with clinicians. The issue is that untangling the personal parental side of it from the professional side of it is a mess. I know people at CDC who spend more time than they wish dealing with the intersection of medical ethics and parental rights (and people on the vaccine court, who really get to hear these arguments more than they wish). And its doubly bad when the parent is the clinician. If this were a patient and not their child, this would be pretty clear case of malpractice, and I would argue that there's definitely a conflict of interest here. You can report it, but given the amount of time that's passed, the fact that there wasn't a major outbreak (sounds like an isolated case), and the fact that its the parent of the child who happens to be a physician, I would be very surprised if anything comes of it. Well, I need to disclose that I'm a physician. There is no personal grudge because I do not know this person in a personal context to like or dislike him. Nevertheless, I have a sense of duty to society and my profession. I also know how to diagnose patients and the proper steps that must be taken when there is a suspected communicable illness. I also know about medical malpractice, standard of care, and medical ethics. I believe that, while this is a personal situation, I also believe that any right-minded physician would undergo the proper procedures of reporting to ensure public safety (regardless of the final diagnosis) because the infected individuals must be quarantined in order to protect others. In my clinical experience, suspected contagious illnesses -- until they are confirmed to be not contagious -- should be taken seriously. There would be specific precautions (airborne, droplet, contact, etc.) and we are taught not to transmit diseases between people. I don't believe that the way this physician handled an infectious disease situation aligns with the expectations of our field. Does that clarify the situation a little more clearly? If I knew a colleague was flippant about infectious concerns or had flexible morality based on "who's infectious", I would want to know. Good luck. It sounds like you have a personal grudge here. And again, good luck on getting anyone to do anything about it, because if its the parent, and there isn't a medical record they will say 'viral rash of unknown cause' and it will be case closed. So, it doesn't need to be a confirmed case, which is what the 2nd link mentioned. There is mandatory reporting for suspected cases as well, especially in a clinical setting where doctors still need to run tests before they are sure of a diagnosis. Today, I ended up talking to the regional epidemiologist for the state who said that it could be reportable for professional misconduct and not for biological/infectious concerns. See? As I was describing, it's not the biological concerns -- rather it was a behavioral concern on the part of how a physician conducts himself ethically in society. I learned something and I hope you did too. Thanks for engaging in this question. Okay, ill stop trying to lead you by your hand. Even if you had 100% solid evidence that it was measles and not any other type of viral rash that can look like measles, the chances of them following up on a report of a single infection from nearly a decade ago is nearly 0.  Sorry, I forgot to take this reply down. I am certain it's from after 2008. The reason why it's rarely enforced is because it's so easy for physicians to call the department of health. Nobody has trouble reporting if they weren't part of the acquiring of the illness. In this case, the physician parent did not report (not sure why, maybe shame from having the spouse not wanting to vaccinate their kids) and did not bring the children to the hospital. Nobody knew except for their inner circle. The reporting guidelines you quoted are effective as of 2008, and I can’t find a single instance of them being enforced. If you don’t know when the case occurred it’ll be nearly impossible to even report this, let alone get anyone to pay attention to it. I don't know. Were these cases from before 2008? No, I am probably unequipped to find a law, because I'm not a lawyer. All my knowledge is from Google. I just found this, which says that the reporting is "mandated": [\_instructions.pdf]() I didn't say that it was measles, but it falls under one of the red labels with the phone beside it. Also, is there no concern for these children in their long-term functioning/health as adults or for the remaining dependent minor? Most of the laws are at the state level, and disease specific. Can you find a law in New York that compels a physician to report measles? And this report explicitly says that these laws are rarely enforced, even where they exist. 's another element of putting people at risk by travel to endemic countries While I am pro-vaccine (they are safe, effective, and necessary), in the US, that risk is weighed against a parent's right to hold certain backwards beliefs. One of those rights is to not get a child vaccinated if it runs counter to their beliefs. Okay, I hear what you're saying. I think that there's one element of the "choice to vaccinate" (while remaining in a certain location/state) and there's another element of putting people at risk by travel to endemic countries (their children/minors as well as the public). Finally, there are penalties to the physician for not reporting. Source: [](); see page 18 of CDC's presentation on Public Health law (unknown date) There's not much you can do. The US doesn't require anyone to be vaccinated under normal circumstances. Travel vaccinations usually are enforced by destination country, and US vaccine laws are usually enforced at the state level (usually having to do with admission into the public school system), but leave major loopholes for religious and other objections. As for reporting it (measles?) to the CDC? CDC guidelines, last I saw them, said a physician should report, but doesn't say they have to. Again, these laws are usually enacted at the state level. [removed]