 Hey Reddit, I was wondering if my paid tax filer is ripping me off. He keeps insisting when he files my taxes, he only files for the state and federal returns, and not city and regional. I was told by a friend that all four are filed together around tax season. RITA has recently issues a subpoena on my household because we haven’t paid for our regional income taxes. The tax filer said everyone files these separately, and thus he isn’t responsible for them. Last year, I also received a subpoena from the school district because I hadn’t paid taxes for the last 2 years (when he started filing my taxes). Reddit, can you please tell me whether I should find a new tax filer or if he is right. Thank you!  Yeah, I personally would assume that an OH preparer who was unwilling to prepare all four returns might not be the most competent preparer around. That said, it sounds like OP was aware that a filing was required, as opposed to someone newly moved to OH and ignorant of its taxing oddities.  Wow, you are too gentle. :) I would expect an income tax preparer in Ohio to file all 4 of the various returns if applicable. Of course, the preparer should charge appropriately - but it all falls under the umbrella of tax return preparation. There are just too many people who are unaware of all the ins and outs who need proper guidance from their tax preparer. It sounds that the preparer never warned the OP about these returns and that to me is not proper. Absolutely fire this incompetent fool! Ohio has potentially 4 income tax returns which need to be filed. Federal, State, City, School District RITA falls under City. Any tax preparer should be able and willing to file any of the 4 required returns. Of course, they should charge appropriately for the extra returns when necessary. RITA is not part of the Ohio return. RITA is Ohio. It's all different there. RITA is Ohio, and Ohio is weird. There's no automatic bill sent to you. It is not filed or collected as part of the state return. They are entirely separate forms filed with entirely separate agencies. It is an income based calculation. This is true for both RITA and school district taxes. Your paid preparer is telling you, "I'm only preparing your federal and OH returns. You are on your own for RITA and school district." Your friends are telling you "RITA and school district are due at the same time as your federal and OH returns." No one is wrong, and these are not contradictory statements. You need to arrange for your RITA and school district returns to be prepared and filed. Your current preparer is not offering to provide that service. These sound like your local taxes that they bill you for and have nothing to do with your income taxes, which is what you're paying your accountant to file. Unless you're paying him to handle all your tax expenses including property taxes, etc. then your accountant is correct. You should have received a bill in the mail for these. Pro Tip: if you ever get a bill in the mail do not ever assume it is paid until you have a receipt or confirmation e-mail/letter. I’m not sure what city and state you are in. In most places I am aware, such as NYC, any city income taxes are collected and filed as part of the state tax return. It’s all based on the same income disclosures so they are prepared together by a professional so the numbers tie properly. Usually county or local property taxes or school taxes are assessed, billed and paid as part of a separate process that accountants are not part of since these are usually not income-based calculations. Usually people do these on their own unless they are disputing their assessed home value. You should ask around your neighborhood or contacting other local accountants to see what they say is conventional in your area.  Pretty sure city/regional is part of the state return. There's no separate return for city