 I'm seeking some advice on what to do about the second-hand smoke smell in my apartment. We toured the apartment in early October, and there was no smell. On move in day, there was a horrible stench - we couldn't tell if it was cigarette smell or fresh paint, so we dealt with it. We have now had the vents cleaned, and the smell still remains. After leaving for a business trip, my clothes all smell like I smoke - but I have never smoked and my fiance does not smoke either. What are our remedies here? I've checked the lease, and there is no language about smoking in it and I've checked with the property to make sure that is indeed not a smoke-free community. I called the office, and they said they would have maintenance try to seal cracks, but maintenance has called and said that unless I show them where any holes may be, they can't do that (except all of the online resources say they are likely behind vents/electrical outlets/etc., so not things that may show to the blind eye. I would not mind moving units, but I don't know that they'd allow that. We signed a 15 month lease, but I would never have signed for a unit that smelled like this. I suffer from Chronic Migraines (diagnosed by a neurologist), and have a cat too, if that information is of any use. My next steps are to talk with the neighbors and see if we can get them to agree to smoke outside (not likely), and buy a very expensive ($900) medical-grade air purifier. I've looked up the community ordinances on this, and there is a provision for odors that make enjoying my home environment peacefully impossible; however, I would prefer not to have to take this all the way to litigation. Any advice on next steps to take/language to use would be much appreciated. I've lived in environments that allowed residents to smoke before, but never had the smell infiltrate the apartment like it is now. Is it 2nd hand smoke coming from the neighbors or 3rd hand smoke in the apartment from the previous tenants? Two different remedies. In regards to what you can do, unless the lease says something about smoke, you might be stuck. You can try to explain the situation to them and see if they will allow you to break the lease. Tell then you didnt smell it when you toured the place and it affects your health.