 Hey guys, lurker but never had to post until now. So, I paid my rent on the 5th of this past week (12/5/18), which was on time payment, the last eligible day, but still on time none the less and I have done this before without issue. I paid with their eCheck online payment system through the resident portal. This did accidentally overdraft my account because I hadn't expected their withdrawal to be instant, it usually takes a few days. If I had noticed I could have transferred $ from saving no problem before end of business day. Never taking that risk again, just hate touching my savings. But anyway, I got paid the next day after the overcharge and my balance was evened out to how much I was in the red by, so about $200 out of my usual paycheck. No big deal. I was also charged the $39 overcharge fee, which I was cool with again because I have heard some banks have crazy overcharge fees and that wasn't too bad either. So until this next Friday, I had already decided I would be working with $239 less than usual in my checking, and my online banking showed that. (My savings account percentage deposit was added in as standard) This is where it gets weird, I woke up this morning and I have my entire rent check redeposited into my account. No email communication or anything. I go online to my resident portal, it states my last payment is 12/52018, for the full amount and no mention of a late charge. It says my current balance needed to pay is $0, basically, it shows as if I have paid my rent as I thought I had, on time, in full like I always do, with that stupid little overdraft hiccup that the bank clearly covered due to the gracious overcharge fee I paid. And thankfully overcharge was only for one day. Can I legally spend this money if it still in my account after a couple of days? I gladly will, but don't want to do anything illegal. Timeline/TLDR: 12/5/18- Pay rent on time, expected withdrawal to take a couple days, at least until 12/7 12/6/18- Rent payment is withdrawn from my checking, I do not notice because I was busy and also an idiot. Account overdrafted by about $200 I believe. Could have transferred from savings no problem but didn't realize that. Notifications have been set to avoid. 12/7/18- Paycheck comes in as scheduled. My account balance is even again. I have been charged a $39 overdraft fee, proving the bank covered the overdraft. So basically until next Friday, I am working with $239 less than usual for the week, no big deal. My savings account percentage of paycheck deposit was the same exact amount as usual. 12/8/18 - Wake up and my entire rent check is deposited back into my account. Can I spend this money? Thanks!  It’s very likely the bank bounced your e-check and your landlord has not yet been notified. Call you bank and confirm... but you may need to pay again. Are you sure the $39 is an overdraft fee and not an NSF fee? It's possible your bank reversed the transaction because you had insufficient funds, in which case your landlord will be notified next week and your rent will be extremely late.  Don't spend it, set it aside because there is a very good chance they will come looking for it. Best course of action is to try and contact someone to find out what went wrong. 