 A few days after I made an online purchase through Walmart for store pickup, my account was accessed by someone else and a purchase was made in the amount of $800. I quickly noticed the activity, closed my credit card account, and changed my password for my online account. Within 30 minutes, I called customer support to explain the situation and request for the order to be cancelled. The order was made in my name and shipped to my address with 2 day shipping. I thought this to be very strange in the sense that the person either forgot to change the shipping to ship to a store or was planning to come by and pick up the package after it was delivered. Walmart cancelled the order and said that a refund would be issued, even though I had already reported the fraud to my bank. I received an email the following day stating that the order had been processed, shipped, and would be delivered in 2 days. Not sure what to do, I changed the shipping and requested a hold at a local FedEx location so that the package would not actually be delivered to my house. I started to receive security notices the day before delivery from Walmart that my account was locked due to suspicious attempts to access the account. The person was not able to access my account since the password change to check on order status, shipping, tracking, etc. The package ended up being delivered yesterday and I picked it up at the FedEx location so that it was in my possession in the event that I receive any follow-up from Walmart. I know that I am not liable for the purchase since it has already been reported and cleared from my account, so how do I handle the merchandise that was received? If I return it to Walmart, they will want to issue a refund and will be confused when I attempt to return it for nothing in exchange (since they technically received payment for it and sent it). Is Walmart left with the $800 loss or does it fall on my bank? Looking for advice on how I should handle the situation. Thanks! Sorry, I was looking at this from Walmart's perspective. If you aren't out any money, and they have their stuff back (make sure you have proof), then everyone is good.  Personally I would respond to the Walmart shipping email you got (there should be a contact email) briefly and clearly outline the situation, and ask for a return shipping code/label. That way you have something in writing if things get messier. Customer service at a store desk may struggle with this, and it's not your fault. You need all the evidence you can get. Who knows, there may be something criminal added to the contents of that box along with the ordered goods.  Walmart may not see it that way. The best approach is to return it to Walmart and make sure you've got some kind of acknowledgement from them that it was returned. I understand that, which is why I posed that after I started to receive replies. Plus if I wanted to keep it, why would I post here looking for advice? OP- Your situation reads like you're looking for a way to keep the merchandise you didn't pay for. At the very least, you have an ethical obligation to contact Walmart and attempt to return it. Walmart canceled the order, so the item that someone else fraudulently purchased with the OP’s money was not bought. Walmart then sent an item anyway, so that item was unsolicited.  Thank you for the response. The purchase was not made by me, instead someone else unknown who accessed my account and made the purchase. My suspicion is that it was someone at Walmart. I have not received any additional money, instead I was cleared of the charges by my bank when I reported it as fraud and cancelled the card as a safety precaution. Bc Walmart said they were canceling it, but they sent it anyway so it counts as unsolicited merchandise.  I'm calling this bad advice. If you receive something unsolicited, you can keep it, but this was something the OP ordered and got a refund for. If the refund has processed, they need to return the merchandise or pay for it. Just to be clear, I am not looking for an excuse to keep the merchandise. I want to make sure I handle the situation the correct way so that the purchase amount goes back to the correct entity (either the bank or Walmart). Just out of curiosity- what is your basis to advise OP that they're legally entitled to keep something they didn't pay for? If Walmart shipped it to you despite your having canceled and them having refunded, it’s their loss. You are not legally liable for the cost of returning it. If they send you prepaid return shipping, you’re obligated (morally, but not legally I don’t think) to make a good faith effort to return it. Edit: if you had not picked it up at the FedEx, they probably would have returned to sender. 