 This takes place in Tennessee. My girlfriend took her car(2012 Chevy Aveo) to a Valvoline instant oil change place on a Saturday. It was a quick in and out. They didn’t notify use of any problems. The car was drive home immediately after and sat there until Monday morning. It was drive. About 17 miles to work and back. Tuesday morning on the drive to work the oil light came on. It was taken back to the Valvoline that night to have them look at it. They told us that the oil pan and/or plug was stripped. Well that was disappointing as it must have been something they’d done, as there hadn’t been any previous problems. They told us that we would need a new oil pan. The manager had left for the day but the staff there called him. He wanted us to leave it over night so that he could look at it in the morning The next day he explains that the treads weren’t stripped, they were just dirty and that he cleaned them with a “thread cleaner”. They filled the oil back up, put a new plug in, all at no cost and sent us about our way. About three days later the engine noise starts the change. At this point we take the car into the mechanic we use(a master technician). They can immediately tell us that we’ll in fact need a new oil pan. About 200 bucks. Tell them to go ahead. Later the next day they give us a call back to tell us that when they drained the oil the found metal shavings in the oil. The also cut apart the oil filter and found them there as well. The new oil plug Valvoline was also too big and too long compared the the stock oil plug. We need a new engine, about 6200. We tell them what happened and they are of the opinion that the damage to the engine was caused by the faulty oil change done by Valvoline. We go back to Valvoline with the information and ask them to pay for the repairs as it was a result what they did. Of course they’re not helpful and certainly don’t want to pay out that money to fix it. The manager and area manager go out to look at it and their hang-up is that there was no oil on the oil pan. Personally I think it should be prettt obvious that the manager cleaned the oil pan when he “fixed” it the first time. The mechanic we took it to, I’m also assuming cleaned it as they were originally trying to diagnose if we needed a new one. In my county the small claims cutoff is 25k. If damages are under that, it’s small claims. I believe we have enough evidence and the testimony from the master mechanic that we should be able to win the case to claim the damages. My girlfriend is skeptical that we could win and also had concerns about the cost. From what I could find the only cost is about 120 for the Sheriff to serve the papers to Valvoline. I’m looking for some advice and perspective from anyone knowledgeable or has had experience with this. Also if there may be any other cost associated with smalls claims court that we may not be aware of. Thanks.  You won't get a new $6200 engine for an aveo. You may be entitled to an engine that has similar mileage, which I would be shocked if it were more than $1k (not including labor).  It was raining pretty consistently those days which is why we didn’t notice the leak.  The fees will be relatively minor. Probably a filing fee and a service fee. Check with your court. Based on what you're saying, I think you have an okay case, but not a slam dunk. Once you file, the shop may be more interested in cutting a deal. Making a settlement. As far as I am aware, a drain plug that is too long won’t cause shavings (to a point). The shavings happen when the engine is run “dry”. If the mechanic will put his name to the valvoline oil change causing the issue (rather than a leak you should have noticed), then you might have a claim on small claims. 