 Apologies in advance if this isn't the right place for this question. I'm flying to DIA from London to visit my parents for Christmas and I, forgetting that I'm underage in the USA, bought my dad two tiny bottles of Tatara Tea (a strong slovak liquor) as a Christmas present (I believe the bottles are carry on size but I don't have them with me to check). I have a UK passport. Will I have to declare this upon arrival and, if so, will it just be confiscated because it belongs to someone under 21, even though I legally bought it oversea and carry an oversea passport? Do I have any options here?  Though be careful to check the T C's of the service you use... Many do not allow alcohol to be shipped outside of specific relationships with "known" shippers. IIRC, the US Postal service will not ship alcohol at all. You're not allowed to possess alcohol in the US. Period. You can ship the alcohol to your father as a gift.  If (s)he declares and the officer wants to make a big deal about it, more likely than not it will be confiscated, and may be referred to local law enforcement for MIP, though from what I've seen unless you're being a real tool confiscation is the mist I'd be realistically worried about and even that seems like a long shot. If (s)he fails to declare (when required...again read the questions carefully and answer honestly) and gets caught that's a shortcut to having one or more really pissed off CBP officers at best tear your luggage apart looking for what else you're hiding and at worst looking at federal charges. Being that s/he is not a US national its also a easy way to make coming back to the US in the future extremely dififcult and time consuming No but nothing is illegal if you aren't caught (ok technically it is but you aren't punished). We have to focus on the consequences OP faces if they are caught (which is quite possible) Do you think the bored person looking at the x-ray of every bag coming in from a flight is matching the bag to a person as it goes by?  But what about the fact that OP is under 21 and thus cannot posses the alcohol? If you are asked to declare them and do so, you should be fine (with Global Entry it's been so long since I've filled out a US customs declaration ... Typically it's "do you have more than (permitted duty free quantity)?" Rather than "Do you have any?" If you are asked to declare and fail to do so, you can potentially be arrested/detained for smuggling depending on how bad a day the officer is having. When in doubt it's always better to over-declare thant o omot something that should be declared. In the US you're not allowed to be in possession of alcohol until you're 21. That being said will you be caught? Probably not. The TSA won't be trying to match you to a checked bag unless there is something suspicious or very illegal in it (think drugs). But, do you want to risk getting caught with it and the potential legal trouble that will entail? That's for you to decide. All this is to say it is illegal, and you do it at your own risk. It will almost certainly be confiscated (if you are caught, but you have to ask yourself if it is worth the risk), but worst case scenario is you could be arrested. Best to not bring them. IANAL