 My mother has been with the same man for about 12 years. They never married so they are considered common law. They've had their hard times together. He suffers from depression, anxiety and schizoid personality disorder. She had stayed with him during their wonderful years at the beginning. And she continued to stay with him during his frantic episodes and years that he couldn't work. They are now in their sixties. He's been on and off medication so the family thought everything was okay. He wasn't as affectionate towards her but we all thought that's just part of getting old. We were wrong. This morning, he told my mother that he no longer loves her and will be leaving her. He said that he'll stay until the lease is up on their house. But she doesn't think he'll stay. She believes he's just going to take everything one day and never come back. She has a minimum wage job and her health issues prevent her from being able to work full-time hours but not severe enough to go on disability. He made most of the money but she contributed so they had a decent way of life. I'm worried for her finances. I'm worried for her health. Us kids are trying to get some things together for her but we're not sure that it will be enough. Christmastime is already tough enough. Does he have any legal obligation to her? Can he just take everything and leave her with nothing? I just want to know what options she has. We live in Southern Ontario, Canada.  Thank you for all the information. I think most of the stuff is co-owned. So it's good to know he can't just take it. I'll let her know of the spousal support. Even a few months would help her get of her feet.  Can he take everything? It depends on who owns it. In Ontario, there is no recognition of common-law relationships when it comes to property division. That means what's his is his, what's hers is hers, and anything co-owned they need to come to some agreement about who keeps what or else get small claims court involved. So, if he takes things that are hers or co-owned, she can go to small claims court. That's the default though - if there are assets in one person's name that the other person contributed towards, courts CAN say that there is a constructive trust or unjust enrichment. Still, this is expensive and uncertain so must lawyers wouldn't recommend this option unless the asset is significant (like a house or business). There are other considerations here though in addition to who gets what. For such a long term relationship, the courts can order one or the other to pay spousal support. This is NOT automatically man pays woman spousal support; it really matters if one person brought most of the money into the relationship. However, spousal support is not unlimited duration. Even if a court were to award your mother spousal support, it might only be for a few months or a year or two.