 I’m looking for some advice on what I should do to try and dispute thousands of dollars in fees the school I went to is trying to charge me for collection costs on a Perkins loan. Background: I live in Iowa and went to a small private school in Iowa. I graduated a year and a half ago with some student loan debt. Specifically, I had student loans from the federal government and a Perkins loan from the university. At one point I set up the loan payments to automatically withdraw from my bank account. About six months ago, I turned off the auto payment on my Perkins loan to set up a new one. Apparently I forgot to finish setting up the new auto withdraw and therefore missed payments on my Perkins loan for 6 months. During this time my federal loans were still getting taken out of my account automatically so I didn’t notice the Perkins payments stopped. Since I went 6 months without making payments on my Perkins, the University turned it over to a collections agency. I received a phone call from the collections agency about 10 days ago informing me of this. I was also informed that there was a 3,600 dollar fee on my account as well. This is where I am looking for legal advice. I NEVER received communication via mail or phone call stating I was overdue or that the liability would be given to a collection agency. According to the fsa handbook, they must make attempts to contact me by phone if I do not respond to the final demand letter within 30 days. I didn’t receive a final demand letter nor any phone calls. What is my best course of action to try and dispute the 3600 dollars in fees that are presumably collection costs? Am I allowed to request records or notes of the letters or phone calls I was supposed to receive? Do they have to prove they attempted to contact me? What is “proof” enough for them? TIA for all of your help. This mess has just given me one giant headache.  According to this they are required to, unless I read it wrong (top of page 7). Are these more of guidelines rather than firm rules?  They aren't required to remind you of your contractual obligation. They aren't required to tell you that your loan payment is due or overdue. You agreed to make these payments when you signed the promissory note.