 In North Carolina, if that helps. Sister and her baby currently live with my parents (rent free) and my parents just found out about the drug use and want my sister to get clean. They mentioned if it weren't for the baby, my sister would already be kicked out of the house. If CPS were to get called, what are the chances that my parents would be able to get custody of the child? I've tried doing some research on this topic and would love some feedback.  I apologize for me not mentioning it, the child was at least in one instance in the presence of my sister while she used heroin. They were in their car and the child was in the back seat when they used. Not sure if there were any instances, but I assume so. That much she told my parents.  Your sister would need to make arrangements for the child. She can choose to have them watched by anyone suitable that she likes, which may not be your parents. If that happens, do not call CPS unless you believe the children are in danger. The act of finding people to care for your children while in rehab and having the children stay with them is not in and of itself an issue of fitness.  I'd like to point out that a parent having a drug problem is often not even an issue for CPS. The OP mentioned no instances of abuse of neglect due to drug use, or exposure of the child to drugs. To say that the home is automatically dangerous because someone with a drug problem lived there and that CPS would remove a child from the home is not correct in most cases. If CPS were informed and the child has not been directly endangered, they would likely extend resources rather than remove the child unilaterally. Rehab was definitely brought up when this was all first discovered. I wasn't there when my parents confronted her about it, but from what I heard, she will be looking into various rehab facilities. Hopefully she follows through with it because we just want her and the child to be safe.  I really would recommend rehab as well. Heroin is a monster because it changes the way you perceive the world. You're never really off heroin. It's going to be a long road but if they want the child and your sister safe, that's where they'll want to start.  Dang, yeah that makes sense. I'll inform my dad and let him know. Thank you, /u/EdricStorm and /u/2there2square for your responses.  /u/throwaway6451879546 To add on, the chances are likely low because CPS will want to get the child away from the dangerous parent by removing them from the household. Since your sister is living with your parents, that means your parents' house. What would happen to the child if she were to go to rehab? My parents biggest fear is that the child would be taken by CPS and they would never see the child again. With what you've described, near zero. If they want to help her, rehab rather than attempting to take her children is the way to do it. 