 Hi. There is a situation that a friend and I are trying to be prepared for just in case and partly because we do not know what to do. We are trying to determine if this is a conflict of interest, harassment, or something else. Person A = Friend Person B= Co-Worker \Both males. I don't if it matters to know. Just FYI just in case. \TLDR is in bold below. So A and B are working at the same job. Going based on one side of the story, of course, person B has been giving Person A a hard time since he first started. Person B continues to boss around person A telling him what to do and Person B is not an authoritative figure- Manager, Assistant Manager, Lead etc. They both hold the same position title, however, Person B has some seniority. Person B does not complete his work on time or if at all and Person A always has to stay at work later or come in earlier to complete the work. Person B even got upset over Person A not signing his birthday card ( I know sound petty but I'm trying to mention everything even the small stuff). Person B comments include " You better show me respect", "Who do you think you are talking to", and "Watch who you are talking to". Often times they will work in separate areas but Person B will come by and want things done his way or they will work together and they would have the same issues. Person B has a habit as mention earlier of leaving early or not completing his duties. Now that we established the general relationship these people have toward each other, here is what recently happened. Person A has switched from full time to part time and a lot of the issues they had weren't as much of a problem. Person A was no longer being held responsible for Person B duties and his own. Person B had asked Person A to come over to his house and put in flooring in his basement for a child daycare. Person A agreed to do so for $200. Person A did not provide a contract, receipt, etc. He came by, need the work and left. Person B was satisfied with the work and watched him the entire time. If he did not like something Person A fixed the issues while he was there. A few days later Person A and B are working together on a project. Person B approaches Person A telling him that he doesn't want him using that vacuum around him because he does not want to get sick. Person A states that he is cleaning it this way because it is more efficient for him the other tools are not his preference and if he didn't like what he was using to leave until he is done. Person B responded with "You better watch who you are talking to" and Person A took it as a threat at this point and responded, "You are a nobody, if you don't like this then leave". There were other workers in the location however only one was aware of the confrontation between the two. Person B walks to his supervisor and states he his leaving and walks out of his job - before completing his shift/duties. Person A tells the supervisor of the incident. Person B later text messages Person A demanding a receipt for the job he completed at his house. Person A is not responding. Person B later confronts Person A at work and states that he wants a receipt and Person A states " I am not a licensed contractor there is no receipt for the work that was completed at your house". Person B states " Well you better figure something out". TLDR: Person A and B do not get along. Person A goes to Person B's house to work on his basement in exchange for $200. Person A is not a contractor he completes the work, no paperwork was involved. Person A and B have a dispute at work and Person B wants paperwork. Person A is refusing to provide paperwork for the service that has already been completed and is unsure if Person B is looking to take legal action against him. Person A would like to know if this is a conflict of interest? Does he need to provide paperwork? Can Person B take legal action? Can Person A do anything? My Opinion (Kinda): I personally do not think my friend should have had any affiliation with his co-work outside of the job. I cannot tell you his reason for doing it, all I can say is he is very bad and refusing to help people. Also please note I am not trying to make my friends seem like a saint and I apologize if I sound that way. I am biased as this is my friend and I only have one side of the story. Clearly this person- his co-worker is not only rude to my friend but also other co-workers as well. This co-worker has a habit of getting his way and my friend feels that because he has stood up for himself against this individual numerous times that this is why they have an issue with one and other. I do not think either party is acting professionally at work but based on things he says, his job is all around unprofessional. He is considered a "not part of the company officially" that he works for more of an " employed through partnership/outside source" so management is different. Any and all help is welcome. I will try to clarify if needed. If it was better to say Friend/Co-worker instead of Person A and B, I will change my post. Thank you.