 Hey all A month ago I got rear-ended while driving my family businesses' vehicle. The other driver couldn't have been a nicer guy, we exchanged information, called the police and he admitted fault. He has Geico insurance. I go to make a claim with them, I get an estimate and they inspect the car. There's around $4000 worth of damage but the car is 18 years old and only worth $2500. They offer $2500, we gladly accept knowing we can get all the mechanical damage fixed for that and just leave some scratches on the side bumper with no problem. It's now been a month and I've been calling this adjuster leaving messages, sometimes getting his secretary. Nobody knows why they won't send me the check. They said something about wanting to see the title for salvage. I'm not sure why that's applicable because we're keeping the car, but if anyone needed to see the title they didn't tell me. So, having no recourse through Geico since they are outright ignoring me, I involved my own insurance company. Now, at this point it's a month later and I've already made the repairs. My insurance company is confused as heck why I'm calling them but I finally get them to agree to give me a claim number, call the other adjuster and help me recover the money I was promised over the phone by this adjuster (I wish I could blast his name here but that's probably against the rules). So WTF can I do? I researched suing Geico in small claims court, it seems like the thing to do is sue the other driver, who would then retain Geico to defend them. Should I call the other driver to see if he can maybe contact Geico to see what's going on? I'm so furious that an accident I wasn't responsible for is causing me all this trouble. Thanks in advance Good luck! Thanks again for taking the time to explain this! Now I just have to work on getting them to communicate with me :)  Because they only owe you a replacement car. If $2500 is a fair price, then you could use that to buy a replacement vehicle. If you also kept your old car, then you'd actually be coming out ahead, because a totaled car isn't worthless; it has some worth as a salvage vehicle, even if it's only a few hundred. When insurance companies declare your car totaled, they thus expect you to hand the title over to them so they can recoup that value instead. It's a bit of penny-pinching but that's their business. Or here's another way to frame it: when your car was smashed, it reduced its value from its market price (2500) down to its salvage value (let's say 300 for the sake of argument). So it really only takes 2200 to make you whole, and you can either accept that reduced payout, or take it and sell them your scrapped car at the same time for the full value (2500). First of all, thanks for responding. This is immensely helpful. I do. Initially, right after the accident happened a month ago I filed a claim with the other driver's insurance. I thought that was the right thing to do because it wasn't my fault and the other driver was cooperative. I thought it was going to be open and shut. This week I called my own insurance company to file a claim and ask for their help but since I have had the car fixed in the intervening time I can't make a collision claim anymore, they are just acting as an intermediary, and frankly aren't doing much. I have the other driver's address and I can send them a demand letter. I might call him first and let him know what's going on so he's not too surprised when he gets it. Last question is about this 's salvage value and you won't be due the whole $2500. That could be the hangup - they're either expecting the title in exchange for the check, or they haven't officially figured out how much less to pay you if you plan to keep the car. I guess I really don't understand insurance. Why should it matter what my car is worth?? They should just be making me whole. I don't want a check, I just want my car running like it was before. How can I estimate more or less how much lower the salvage value is going to be? Ugh, this sucks so much :( I'm confused. Do you have your own collision insurance, and if so, have you filed a claim against that? If so, then from this point you should only deal with your own insurance. If you don't have collision insurance, or if you haven't officially filed a claim against it, then there's really nothing your own insurance can do for you here. Sometimes they'll act as an intermediary as a courtesy, and that may be happening here, but otherwise they can't do anything themselves. If that's the case then you will need to send a demand letter to the other driver and follow up by suing them if necessary. They need to figure out why their insurance isn't following through. However, if you plan to keep the car, then your check will need to be adjusted for the car's salvage value and you won't be due the whole $2500. That could be the hangup - they're either expecting the title in exchange for the check, or they haven't officially figured out how much less to pay you if you plan to keep the car.