 As the title says, I have reason to believe my father forged my signature on my loans, and he waited until this past year to tell me I would be the one paying them. Until now he only talked about his parent loans that HE would need to pay, and even that was confusing to me because I got scholarships that should have virtually covered my schooling. My dad has always been a control freak and he’s always wanted to have unnecessary involvement in my finances. For example, he tried to become a joint member of my bank account so he could see my funds and take money out if needed, but I didn’t let that happen. Part of me always thought he had the authority to have control of and sign me up for loans, but after a cursory google search it’s clear to me that this isn’t true. Most of this originally happened when I was 17/just turning 18, so I thought being a minor may have something to do with it but I now know this isn’t true. I was never given anything to sign or read. I have no clue how to approach this situation because I feel like my dad will lie to me or try to justify it, and I have little to nothing to go off of. All I know is that I never signed or read anything related to loans and suddenly I’m being told they’re mine to pay. As a young kid just going to college I remember being happy I had someone to help me with things like parent loans and the student loan process in general, but now I believe my trust has been betrayed. Is there any way to prove this has happened? Is there a legal route I can take against my father if it comes to that? He kept me completely separate from this process and I feel like an idiot for trusting him, but he’s my dad. At one point when I still knew nothing about my loans he told me “it’s my plan to have your student debt paid for by the time you get out of college” which I thought was in reference to the parent loan or simply that he had the legal ability to sign me up for loans. I now know this is false and I want to take action to defend myself if possible. If it isn’t already apparent, I’m pretty ignorant to this whole situation so I’m sorry if people reading this just think I’m an idiot because I might actually be. That’s just how ignorant to all of this I am. This is in WV if that helps.  Please also check your credit reports and put a freeze on your account with the major credit agencies in case this is not the only time he has done this.  He took it for the first year until I found out about it and got it direct deposited into my account. He told me it was extra from my scholarships. He took my brother’s money this semester too.  Did he have sole access to the funds? Usually student loans will cover the costs of tuition, room and board, etc... And there will be a substantial amount of money left over per semester that could go right into the students pockets to spend on whatever they wanted. Did your dad keep and/or spend that extra cash (your cash) for himself? Were talking upwards of a couple thousand dollars per semester... I was hoping that wouldn’t be necessary but so far this is the consensus.  You can either accept the loans as your and pay them, or you can file a police report because your father stole your identity to take out loans. If you choose to contact the police, after doing so, run a credit report and dispute the debt on all of your credit reports, which will begin the process of getting the loans off of your credit. Have you called the cops yet? You can either accept liability for these loans or begin the fraud process by filing a police report which will likely expose your father to criminal charges which could send him to prison. You could also accept liability for these loans and sue him.