 Hey everyone Long time redditor using an alternative account. Very long story, sorry to put some of you to asleep. TLDR: Became the president of a small non profit for 2 years. Treasurer forged the documents first year and embezzled some amount. Nobody noticed first year, second year emptied the account (\~$40k). Third year she became the president. Things got bad. I had unreimbursed amount (\~4k in returned checks). We realized what is happening, filed legal action, that's not being prioritized, and has been waiting for court for 4 years by now. Other institutions were paid with payment plan. Now when I ask for money, they say pound sand as it mostly happened while I was president. It is her she should pay me, not them, and I should be lucky they didn't put my name in legal filing. Are they right? Long story: Setting: I used to be the president of a small non profit organization with about 150 members, that I volunteered for a decade. It was a minority group that helped people who newly came to the state, raised funds for local charities, and charities abroad, etc. But the main thing is, when it was formed decades ago, it was to help people find each other and help them get used to their new life in US. Once a year we have a big gala dinner, and occasionally have picnics and other social and charitable events. Nobody wants to be the president because there's also a lot of leg work involved with setting up for events and arranging things. My term: I became the president since I wanted to do more, and there was no other candidate. I had a treasurer who's been a long time volunteer as well. We did all our usual stuff, had hosted our gala dinner, collected money for charities we worked for etc. I said I'm up for a second year as well. Had the finances audited by our auditor (important), looked at the statements from chase, and since nobody else wanted the position, we all continued. On the second year we hosted the gala dinner again, I paid with my CC. I got some money back from the cash ticket sales that day, then haven't followed up on that because of other reasons. At this point I'm owed $4k. Election time comes, she says she wants to be president, hardly anyone comes to the election as usual. We don't do the audit because of my stupidity. She brings excel sheets stating financial situation. Nothing official. I ask to be reimbursed, she writes a check that gets bounced. She says IRS put a hold on the account because she forgot to file the thing you need to file saying you're a non profit and didn't make tons of money (Very simple form but you need to do it annually, and for sure once in every 4 years or something). She said she's working on it with IRS. I press in a month or so, she said all's good and writes me another check. Bounces again All checks are from the non profit, not her personal check. I realize the checks bounced because the account was closed. I asked for statements for the time I'm the president. I receive pdf files since I didn't have access to chase accounts anymore. Other shit happens and we realize something fishy is going on. Ask to meet her with the auditor. She schedules a meeting While waiting for the meeting we receive a confession email saying she got all the money and she's mentally ill and she's going to admit herself into a mental institution. We look at the statements she provided and see that numbers do not add up from month to month, she's made arithmetic errors. We hold an emergency meeting, inform everyone, file a police report. We eventually meet her, go to the bank with her and get the statements of the closed account and see all the money withdrawing started from my first term. I get blamed for not paying attention to the bank accounts, and stupidly not doing audit when transitioning to her at the end of the term. (I totally give them credit for this). It's been 4 years since we filed legal action. Nothing is happening. It's a low priority thing and they don't have resources. We don't even have a court date I believe. We had a gala dinner at Hilton and they were not paid either. So a payment plan was made and they were paid off in a year or two with additional donations and fundraisers. I said ok it's my time, and they first said they have no money, now they need some buffer. I said OK (I'm doing financially alright). Now it's been 4 years, and I informed them again and I was sent an email today basically saying it should be her paying me, not them. I should be lucky they didn't press charges against me because they know I had all the good intentions but was basically the president and also had access to all the accounts and have checked them, and run an audit. I don't think they're right in that they don't owe me any money because the returned checks and reimbursement was supposed to come from the non profit. On the other hand they are right that I have some responsibility in things happening the way they happened. I just offered 2 options: 1. Have the money in accounts payable, and I can "Donate" money by forgiving the money in accounts payable. I am on 24% bracket so I'd be getting about 1k back through taxes. 2. The money I was owed is about 10% of what was stolen from the association. So if the court orders any wage confiscation or anything, I get 10% of that payment. If she declares bankruptcy or nothing comes out, then I continue to exercise option 1. And that 10% would be used against gala tickets etc. If they just say "No, FU", should I go to small claims court for the amount? Is it worth pursuing? I don't want it to get back to me and bite me by them saying I'm responsible for $40k too and pay that too. Any experts care to pitch in? Would I be held responsible for embezzlement by someone else due to actions I did / did not take? Thanks in advance  I appreciate the answer. It's good to assure that it's still the NPO that owes the money. However it looks like they have the upper hand and I haven't seen that 4k for years, I might have to just let it go :/ As you paid the $4k on behalf of the NFP, it's the NFP which owes you money. You have every right to negotiate with the NFP how the amount is repaid. If the NFP isn't repaying you then you can take them to court over it. Whether or not it's worth going to court is entirely a matter of your own circumstances and opinion. The embezzler owes you nothing directly, but is liable to the NFP for the full amount embezzled and potentially damages which may have occurred as a result of her embezzlement. As for your liability, if it was your job to review the bank activity, ensure the financials were audited/reviewed, or perform other tasks which potentially could have identified the embezzlement then and you did not perform those duties, the NFP could claim you were partially liable. If those weren't your responsibility, then you couldn't really be expected to detect the activity. If you had some of those duties and were performing them, or if you had reason to suspect something was off and din't act on it, things get more gray and would be best reviewed in detail by an attorney.