 Hi everyone. I’m looking to adopt my 10 year old stepdaughter. I’ve been in her life since she was roughly 8months old, she’s lived with me for about 6 years, and I’ve been married to her mother for the last 2 years. She does see her biological father regularly, but the relationship is not great, and he is not on her birth certificate. Should you have an issue?! That's up to you brosef. Will you be mad I just said this - yes... Is bio dad required to pay child support? If not, he should be. If he does, and their relationship isn’t good, he may be willing to voluntarily terminate his parental rights so he no longer has to pay the child support. If he’s never been ordered to pay child support, it could be a potential way to negotiate with him. If he’s the legal father, he’s legally obligated to pay child support even if he’s never paid in the past. If you have a rough idea what his income is, you can probably calculate what he would potentially be required to pay if your wife were to pursue it. If his parental rights are terminated, it cuts off his financial obligation to the child. Unless biodad agrees it's going to be next to impossible. That's the unfortunate reality of going into a relationship with children of previous relationships. One thing that might give biodad incentive is that it frees him up from ever having to pay child support. Be aware that should you adopt her, and then should you and your wife divorce, YOU can be on the hook for child support. Because biodad is in the picture, if you want any sort of chance, you're going to need a lawyer.  There's not a lot of grey area, pretty binary. Her bio dad either allows it or he doesn't. I was lucky enough to adopt my oldest son without a fight, but it's expensive and you will DEFINITELY want a lawyer for it. As others said this is entirely dependent on the biological father.  If dad agrees, you should be able to do it fairly easily. If he refuses, you’ve got next to no chance of doing it. Dad can still fight even if he’s not on the birth certificate. You’ll need his approval. 