 Hello, last night in the midst of a rather eventful night of drinking, our roommate had a mental break down, at least that's how I see it. Admittedly we were all deep into the night of rather heavy drinking, but at some point my roommate just lost it. After getting back from our neighbors, where one of our roommates sister lives (who he was making feel very uncomfortable with how he was talking to her at the end saying some sort of weird statements) we were in our living room where he started talking to me wanting to tell me why he wasn't a weirdo, he kept touching me. I told him to stop grabbing me and to go to sleep, he didn't. At a certain point, he grabs our Britta filter and bangs on the counter and throws everything to the floor. At this point we all tried grabbing him to calm him down. In the middle of this my hand got scrapped. I kept trying to calm him down but at this point he lost it. For some context, my roommate had been very depressed after we both moved to a new city a few months back. Earlier in the evening, not to much after we started the night I tried talking to him to see what was on his mind. He started crying to me saying how much he missed home and his family. I understood him and tried to console him, but he kept crying. But at some point a few people from next door come in and he stops immediately and looks at me and says "don't fucking say anything" it took me for surprise how quickly he flipped. Anyways, later we tried taking him to his room to calm down after he had a scene in the kitchen, all 3 of us and a friend. At this point we're just going back and forth, all of us against him to calm him down. At points we would leave, but I legitimately feared he'd hurt himself so we'd go back in. It was just a tedious back and forth until the security arrived in our apartment and they tried to control him. Some more context, as this is all coming back to me, I'm not entirely sure when, if it was during or after he broke our water filter, but he swung at me but didn't hit, until he swung again and got me in the face. That was the first time he got physical. Again, after the security were there I told them, don't trust him, please don't leave him alone. I'm not sure if this was before or after they arrived but he tried ramming himself into the wall to hurt himself or break the wall, I think it was with them there. After lots of back and forth, the security would just try and hold him down. To calm everything down. It was strange, the security never told him to get his arms on his back like he was being arrested but he stayed like that belly first by himself. It was surreal too because, obviously the alcohol didn't help but why would he do that on his own? After a while again, he was calm, we were talking to the security guards when he jumped into my room (I live right in front of him, my room is in front of his) and I jumped and ran into my room because I didn't want him breaking any of my stuff. I tried grabbing him down, and both guards tried separating us. In my room, he didn't do much damage but did break my closet door and I think damaged the bedroom door. In the midst of me trying to grab him and stop him from doing anything, he again punched, and scrapped my right eye and side of my face. Eventually they took him into his room. He continued to spiral out of control in his room, continued to say stupid things without knowing what he was saying. I think my roommate heard him say before he entered my room "y'all better sleep with one eye open" but also made comments that the two securities were Lamar Miller and Antonio Brown (they looked nothing like that) so I didn't think much of it when they told me he said that. At this point, we're all worried, and frankly tired of dealing with this sort of tantrum he was throwing. We knew the police were on their way but it was taking a while. Eventually, again after more back and forth trying to leave his room, yelling at one of us, talking out of his neck, the police arrived. None of us felt safe with him here, he hurt me and I wanted him gone. So we asked the police to take him away. I believe i said "yes press charges" but I'm not sure if they did. I'm only assuming they would since he did try assaulting me. But towards the end of the whole ordeal, I think the police grabbed him to bring him out of his room. He saw me and started screaming obscenities at me. The police told him, try again and don't say anything. He mumbled again more obscenities and that's when they arrested him. Now what I think he did as his coup de gras, as they had him in handcuffs, I'm sitting on the couch, I knew he'd try to do something, that's when he spit on me with the cop holding him down. That was the end and they finally grabbed him and took him out. A little more of context, two weeks ago to the night we went out and he had too much to drink and started crying to me saying how he would miss his family and was sad he couldn't spend his Thanksgiving with them. I know this all stems from a rough transition to a new city and never living without his family. I understand where he was coming from, I felt sad, I felt depressed because I missed my family, anyone could understand this. That night tho he would calm down and would go to his room and was fine after a while. We as roommates all unanimously agreed we didn't want him here. It wasn't something we tolerate. We have finals coming up. We're just trying to have fun and let loose, and this is selfish to say but I don't care right now what he is going through if he can't express himself constructively. So I'm asking what or how can we get him out, he just re-signed his lease for another year. What advise do any of you have for us, because honestly this was all boiling up with how he would act and I don't feel comfortable, as do the others, with him here. TL;DR Roommate has too much to drink, had a mental breakdown, gets physical with us, threatens us, hits me, breaks into my room, broke my closet door and was arrested and taken away. How, what options do we have now to remove him from the apartment. Honestly I think they were from me. His mother asked if I could drop them that's why Were those from you or the city? i see, he did get charged with a assault misdemeanor thats why i asked. So breaking and entering. Some damages. Threats and hitting really aren't a big deal.  scratches, breaking into my room, hitting me on the face a few times, breaking my door and closet door, spitting at me, continually coming at me to hurt me. threatened to stab me. You should be able to drop the charges but I'm not sure what charges you could press? A scratch and a swing enough to press charges? Lol Check with the police department u pressed charges for whatever reason. Thank You. We're going to talk to management tomorrow morning.  well the lease he signed is separate from mine. But we live in the same complex. I'm sorry I was very groggy and hungover when I wrote this post. But yeah I just finished speaking with his mother. We discussed everything at length. Question, can I still drop the charges after he gets bailed out? I would feel fine dropping them if he decides to move out.  Contact management of the apartment, let them know he was arrest after assaulting a tenant and damaged the property. They may want to evict him. Make sure the university is aware of this incident - if you have a Resident Director, make sure they see a copy of the police report. The school may we’ll kick him out of the housing.  Sounds like you may be concluding too many things with not enough information. Talk to him more about the situation. Try and find a simpler solution. Maybe try and talk to his family. Then if you can come to a solution try and get him off the lease. Then you have no ability to remove him as you’re not his landlord. The university may decide to take action.  4 people. It's apartment by our Uni. I'm guessing he's co-signed with his mother but not sure.  Who is on the lease and who is the lease signed with?