 I was at school with my friend and as a joke he hugged my other friend, who is female. We joke that they like each other, and neither of them actually like each other. I took photos of them, which the male friend wanted me to do so we could joke about it in the future. Keep in mind that this is in the middle of a packed parking lot after school. Many people around, parents picking up their kids, and it’s almost off school property. She escaped my male friend’s hug and knocked my phone out of my hand. There was a crack on the screen protected which has gone through and is now on the actual phone, going across the entire screen. I messaged her and she just keeps saying “k lol.” I don’t know what I can do here. Keep in mind that we are all really close friends and all joke about this all the time, so it was completely out of the blue when she did what she did. Please help me reddit! Okay well I’m an ex judge and it’s horrible to tell someone that they could sue when honestly any judge would dismiss their case and award attorney’s fees to the other side.  I don't really think its worth it either but he asked what his legal recourse was and that's the only option. It's not up to us to decide, it's up to a judge. Disagree. Not worth it, not going to win.  The moment she was uncomfortable was when he should have let go. However, Cypher gave you the correct advice initially. Your parents can sue her parents in small claims court. It is up to a judge to determine if she was liable for the damage. I don’t see why she didn’t get mad at him, and only at me. also it seems kind of stupid that a hug that she was initially ok with warrants breaking a new phone “She was already uncomfortable because he hugged her for a little too long.” This is against her will. You participated in this “joke”/casual assault. You have no case against her. You should be apologizing to her not the other way around. Grow up.  she was already uncomfortable because he hugged her for a little too long, she escaped when she saw i took a picture Then why did she need to escape? Usually people don't need to escape from things they consent to.  It wasn’t against her will. So you were recording her getting assaulted and your phone was damaged in the process? You have no legal recourse here. Next time don’t agree to take a photo of your friend hugging a girl against her will. Live and learn.   What do you mean escaped? As in she didn't consent to him hugging her? It sounds like she doesn't think the joke is funny and didn't want a guy she doesn't like hugging her while you took photos. Your a minor right? Talk to your parents, they likely own the phone in any case.  I'd think your friend would be more liable than the female. If he hadn't of "attacked her," she wouldn't have jumped the way she did. You can have your parents talk to their parents and if they won't pay you can sue them in small claims court.