 Sorry if the post is long and rambly, I've been sleep deprived and stressed out recently - TL;DR at the bottom. Any advice is appreciated! In August I signed a one-year lease for an apartment in Evanston, Illinois. I switched jobs in early November and now I need to relocate closer to work as the current commute is killing me. Unfortunately, the rental paperwork doesn't mention any way to break out of the lease early. I've been trying to work with the landlord for over a month to break the lease, I even offered him 4 months of the rent as a fee to break it, but he said no. He said that if I find another tenant with no loans, 700+ credit, and 60,000+ income per year with good rental history and good references he would be willing to break the lease in exchange for them signing for the remaining time, otherwise he's just told me "tough luck, I've been through much worse". At this point I'm not sure what my options are. I've tried to post the unit on a few sites and tried reducing the rent, but I've only gotten a few bites and the people that do come are either not interested because the place is very poorly maintained, or they don't meet the landlord's standards. I think I can get away with subleasing the unit myself but with all the issues this place has I feel like that would be a nightmare as I'll become the new 'landlord' that needs to fix it all. Not sure if this helps in any way, but when I moved into the unit in August the place was not move-in ready: There were pen marks and tape all over the walls Centipedes all throughout the unit Drain or fruit flies living in the kitchen and bathroom sinks Patio didn't lock (unit is on the bottom floor) Holes in the patio mesh screen Lights were burnt out and not replaced Small bugs and moldy food was in the cracks of the stove-top Dishwasher broken Most of the blinds had food (I hope) stains on them and were very discolored Carpets weren't cleaned and had questionable stains in them (Vomit/spilled food?) Flies in the apartment that were landing on the carpet stains Bedroom and bathroom locks didn't work Front door dead-bolt lock didn't work Most window locks didn't work The unit was in much better condition than this when I first saw it (a month or so before I moved in) and I think the previous tenant had strategically placed furniture to hide a lot of these things. The first time I met up with the landlord he also said that he'd be cleaning the place top-to-bottom before I move in - he did no such thing. Unfortunately, I didn't have any alternatives after moving in and things were tense at work, so I had to put up with all of this while constantly fighting with the landlord until the he slowly took care of a few big items. I also had to foot the bill on a few things that he refused to do such as hire a carpet steaming company, hiring an exterminator and cleaning the whole unit. I also had to spend a lot of my time working from home or taking vacation days to clean the unit and meet the maintenance guy that the landlord hired since the landlord was too busy to meet them himself. This also caused a lot of issues with my manager at my old job and is a big part of why I ended up having to switch jobs. Although MUCH better than before, the unit right now is still a mess. The dishwasher is still broken, the locks to the bedroom and bathroom don't work and there are still stains in the carpets that the steamers couldn't get out. Recently the landlord finally replaced some of the stained blinds only for me to come home and find that out of the three new blinds he installed - one of them didn't work and another has a hole in it where one of the blades broke. The long commute mixed with the poor condition of the apartment is making me realize that the chances of me renting this unit out as pretty much non-existent. Do I have any other options here or is this a live and learn situation? Is it too late to break the contract for not being move-in ready since the landlord fixed most of the major issues? Side note - I contacted the Illinois Tenant Union and they said that they might be able to help me break out of this, but they charge 1 month rent and the rough plan that they ran by me sounds very sketchy. The sketchiness is reinforced by all the bad yelp and google reviews that they've received over the years. I also worry about using their tactics and ending up with a bad mark on my credit. Has anyone tried them out and would losing a month of rent be worth the gamble? TL;DR - I need to relocate closer to my new job. Landlord is being cheap and is putting in bare minimum effort to fix the bad unit. Landlord is also refusing to let me break out of the lease even after offing 4 months as a fee and there is no mention of early termination in the paperwork. Is there anything I can do to get out of this situation other than sucking it up? This is in Evanston, IL. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.