 So I ordered about 100 dollars' worth of weed that was advertised at 14-24% THC content (Solei Gather if anyone cares to look it up) but the packages I received said 10%. I wrote the OCS, and they replied with: The THC and CBD ranges shown on the product pages of OCS.ca are provided to OCS by federally-licensed cannabis producers and may be different from ranges specified on product packaging from these same producers. As a natural product, THC and CBD content in cannabis may vary among lots of the same strain. The OCS frequently updates the product descriptions listed online with the most recent information; however, there is a possibility that customers may receive a product with different THC or CBD content than what was listed online. We are working closely with the LPs to ensure that the THC and CBD levels they provide to us are more consistent with what is on the package label. ----- Isn't this false advertising? Isn't that illegal? I would not have bought it if I knew it was only 10%. Most of us buy cannabis for the high THC content, so it seems like they are benefitting off of displaying THC %s higher than they actually are in order to promote sales. Looking at Reddit, this has been a recurring problem and they have made no attempt to rectify it. All I want is a refund. I want to know the best way to reply that will give me a refund. Should I be writing OCS or the producers themselves? Any legal help would be appreciated!  The disclaimer said it varied. In my day, there wasn’t a label to tell us if it was cannabis or oregano, let alone the thc/cbd content. You have no case.  There's a disclaimer right underneath every product "As a natural product, THC and CBD content in cannabis may vary among lots of the same strain. THC and CBD ranges shown on the product pages of OCS.ca are provided to OCS by federally licensed cannabis producers and may differ from ranges specified on product packaging from these same producers." I don't think that constitutes false advertising. 