 My girlfriend wants to break her lease. The landlord is fine with it but says she will have to continue to pay rent until the property is leased by another tenant. Based in the language is the landlord correct? If the tenant chooses to move out before the end of the lease term, or renewal thereof, tenant understands that the landlord will incur costs, which include, but are not limited to, the time and expense in finding and renting to a new tenant. These costs may include employee costs, advertising, marketing and other expenses. Naturally, the exact amounts of these costs vary and are difficult to determine. Tenant agrees that she prefers to have a fixed known amount that the tenant agrees to pay if the tenant moves out early, rather than taking a chance that the actual costs could be more or less than agreed to amount. Therefore, tenant agrees to pay to the landlord an early move out charge in the amount of $1325.00 to cover the landlord's expenses in having to re rent the leased property in lieu of having to pay the landlord actual damages. To implement this option, tenant must submit an advance written notice of at least 90 days before termination. Tenant have also evaluated and understand agree that this charge is a very reasonable estimate of the landlord's re renting costs. Tenant also agree to pay this charge whether or not the landlord is successful in re renting the premises. Additionally, the tenant understands that this charge is not a penalty or fee that relieves the tenant of her obligations under the lease including paying for all rent due, damages and other charges. What I don't understand is that if the lease is broken my girlfriend is still on the hook for rent for the remainder of the lease? What if there is a medical excuse that she is using to move out? She broke her foot and is having difficulty with the stairs.  Your best course of action is to speak with the landlord directly and offer to advertise the unit for free, show it and pass them on so the landlord can do reference and background checks. If you are open and honest, often times the landlord will waive the fee, especially if the new tenant takes over your existing lease or if there is no gap between you and the new lease. If that doesnt work then here you go.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.