 Hello everyone, first time posting something like this and I’ll give some background information. My son is almost 2 years old, me(22) and his mom(21) have been split up since he was only 3 months old. We have no custody agreement within the courts but do have a schedule that makes it so we rotate having him at each house. The only thing is I have him much more at my house than hers because she values time with friends and partying over staying home with our son. The problem I have is she has had a very bad tendency of bringing him around everyone new guy she talks to. He has slept at multiple different guys houses and apartments instead of her own so she can spend time with these guys. Some have lasted just under a month to 3 months. She recently met a guy that resides in NJ and wants to take our son there but said she was going with her friend ‘Christina’ when in fact it was a lie. This guy I found out has a history of drug problems and a violent past. We both live in CT and I’m not sure what I can do besides going to court for a custody battle, which would take time. But anything now to prevent any harm towards my son I’m not sure what I can legally do. I don’t want to stop her from seeing him as she is his mother and I value that. But she puts him in situations that are not okay. Thank you for reading all of this and any advice is greatly appreciated! Have a nice thanksgiving everyone! :) Yes I am on the birth certificate, I didn’t know either parent could legally stop either one from seeing a child, since we are both on i thought we had rights for our child. Thank you for the advice on this  Are you on his birth certificate? If so, and there is no court custody order, then either parent can legally take the child where they want, and refuse to bring him back. Filing for an emergency custody order will help you keep your son safe while you prepare for a full custody hearing. It's not a good idea to keep him away from his mom without that custody order, unless you have reason to believe he'd be in immediate serious danger with her. In that case, you keep him and file for the emergency order the next business day. Otherwise, keeping him without the emergency order will look to the judge like you're playing games and could hurt you in the hearing.  IANAL This may vary state to state, but in my experience texts are admissible (though it can depend on the judge/commissioner who hears your case) as long as you can provide proof it is her number, and that there are no edited/omitted/obviously out of context text exchanges. If you go to court alone, print and bring multiple copies with you to court. If you hire an attorney (strongly recommend)-- give them READABLE, IN-ORDER, RELEVANT text or email exchanges in a PDF or scannable format that doesn't require the attorney or a paralegal to take hours dicking around with the formatting to make it legible for a judge to review. Ideally, the date, timestamp, and phone numbers texting should be visible on each text screenshot or page. Generally, this is just easier to do in email, it stores the data in a much more time-stamp friendly format. Source: several years of work as a paralegal  Go to court, get an official plan in place. You don't have to do it aggressively/negatively, you can start off friendly and hoping for a calm happy plan. Just explain that as your child is getting older, needs and scheduling will change and you just want to have a formal plan in place.  If you have sufficient evidence on this guy (e.g. he's got a history of attacking children and/or girlfriends) then you might be able to get emergency full custody. You'd have to convince a judge that it is an emergency, and one factor is how fast you pull the trigger so you'd have to do this right now. In that situation, the judge may also award a restraining order. Of course if you do this, expect that she won't be happy.  We communicate through text only when absolutely needed too, when discussing pick up/drop off times. So Emails can be used as evidence but text messages cannot? You probably do want to get a custody order so that you have some stability in your relations and know when you'll have your son and when she'll have him. However, there is a high bar to get across before you can do anything about her relationship decisions. Most of us here would probably agree that introducing him to all these men is bad for him. But it's not illegal, it's just her believing differently than you do. The courts do not want to get involved in every little dispute over the right way to raise a child. If she gets involved with certain kinds of people with criminal records you may be able to file some kind of protection order. Especially anyone with a history of abusing children. If she's threatening to take the kid out of state and not come back, you do need to talk to a lawyer and get her barred from doing that. THAT is a legal thing that can be put into place. Generally neither parent is allowed to just move away unless the other parent agrees, or they leave the kid behind. Get a lawyer. Get a custody order, one indicating neither of you can relocate without permission. Communicate with her only via email. This one is huge. Emails can be used as evidence in family court, so watch what you say. Pretend a judge is reading it. If she texts you, ignore it. Tell her you’ll only answer calls from her for emergencies but that’s it. Every time your child comes back from with the mom, send her an email- discuss the transition, any concerns you have, etc. If you’re concerned about your child’s safety, where he is sleeping, email about it. If you notice he has a rash, email about it, etc. Fact build. If she doesn’t respond, thats ok too, she’s communicating her lack of interest in her child’s well being and it will be used against her. If she misses a pick up time, is late, denies you access at anytime, etc. Email about it. If you know your ex is intoxicated or your son is unsafe when he is in her care, call CPS. The situation can be used as evidence of neglect and if what you’re saying is true, your child will be placed with you, where he is safe.  I have a lot of information recorded, but I’m not sure if it would be enough. But yes I am not looking to stop her from seeing him, just very concerned for his well being very heavily these last few months. Moving forward, record everything. Exact dates, times, people involved, and addresses if possible. Have a specific journal or document for it. This will also be important in case she ever decides she wants full custody as well. Basically all you can do is gather evidence until you are ready to take her to court. Remember if you have “full custody” it DOES NOT mean your ex is legally barred from seeing her child, it means you have control over circumstances under which she see them. Take her to court immediately. At least here in Georgia you can modify a parenting plan and can bring about your concerns for his safety. She can also be made to pay child support if the child is in your care more time than hers. There are also laws preventing traveling across state lines while a case is in court proceedings.  Get proof. You'll sound like an ass if you make these claims with no basis. Courts want solid proof. Not word of mouth. It might actually hurt you more if you go into the court battle with no proof of anything you are claiming as her lawyer could say you're just a jilted ex lover. I hope everything works out for you man. Stay strong.  Without going to court for a modification of your parenting plan (which it sounds like you at least have if you have a set schedule of when each of you spends time with him) there isn't anything you can do at the moment. 