 Forgive me if this is the wrong place to ask. My friend and I are going to go to Vegas over New Years and we want to get married. No we are not actually dating, we'd just think it'd be fun to be get married at 20 in Vegas. Before we go through with this what legal things should I be aware of since if I'm going to do this I would like to know all the legal stuff that comes with marriage.  I'm not gonna repeat the stuff everyone else is saying. As adults you have the right to make your own mistakes. I will say you need to go get a marriage license at least 24 hours before the wedding. This requires both of you to be present. Good luck. Where are you originally located as each state is different. For example, in NC your spouse has to be on your insurance. Some states your spouse can make medical choices for you. I know it probably sounds fun in the moment but really think about it. Divorce isn’t cheap and what if you eventually want to be married to someone else?  Do not actually get married. This will create major financial problems for you down the line. That said, there is nothing stopping you from going to a chapel and having the ceremony. That alone does not make you legally married. To be legally married, you have to have a marriage license and then later file that license after the ceremony is complete. So just have Elvis or whoever do your ceremony with no license. All the fun of a wedding with none of the legal obligation.  It's not a gag or a joke - you will be legally married. My wife and I were married in Vegas. It's the same as if we were married anywhere else in the country. You will need to retain the services of an attorney and go through a divorce or annulment in order to "undo" this.  Tax stuff. Survivorship stuff. It is a horrible idea. There are also consequences. A partners bad money management can effect your for the rest of your life.  You should be aware that this is a terrible idea that will 100% come back to haunt you later. Even uncontested divorces or annulments are going to run you thousands of dollars later on.