 My uncle who is in his mid 60's and bedridden with MS lives with my grandmother (his mother) who is her late 80's. She is physically unable to help him so whenever he needs to get out of bed to go to the the bathroom and whatnot he calls a neighbor numerous times a day to come help him. Several years ago he introduced us to a women he called his "girlfriend" who is a nurse. This was around the time he was diagnosed so I am not sure if he meet her through going to the doctor or he previous knew her. They live in a small town. Some time passes and my uncle goes to my grandmother and asks for a loan of over 100k and she gives it to him. My uncle then gives the 100k to "girlfriend." This was a couple years ago and no principal or interest has been paid grandmother and there is no contract. She just wrote my uncle a check and he gave it to his "girlfriend". I thought this women took the money and ran but apparently she is still in the picture. My grandmother said last week the "girlfriend" was going to stop by and bring leftovers from Thanksgiving for her and my uncle. She seems to be oblivious that over 100k was stolen from her. My uncle is pretty naive and can easily be taken advantage of. I think his "girlfriend" is doing two things: 1. Claiming to be my uncle's caregiver and with his help collecting payments from SS, Medicare, etc. 2. Attempting to fleece my grandmother for more money. What can I do?  Thank you! Call his doctors office. You will need his permission to talk to them. There is a form. Fill it out. Get it signed by him. Bring it in. Ask if his doctor has ordered any home health. It has to be ordered by a physician and renewed. If it’s ordered it’s in the chart. Otherwise look for billing statements from Medicare. You can look her up on the board websites of your state- call the board of nursing and find out if she’s a licensed RN, LPN, LVN, PCA, CNA, or HHA. For her to be paid by Medicare there has to be a medical order and she has a license. There are exceptions to this but start there. If she’s licensed anywhere she needs to be reported. They will sort it out. If she’s innocent she will be cleared. If she’s not well that’s going to go badly for her. Here’s the thing- it’s elder abuse. Contacting the state agency for elder abuse should be done. They will investigate.  See that is the thing. I don't know if she is being paid or not. Won't Medicare pay for home health visits to keep someone out of a nursing home? If my uncle didn't get help from his neighbor he would be in a nursing home. Guys do stupid stuff for women. My uncle already took over 100k from my grandmother to give to his "girlfriend" so I wouldn't put it past him to tell SS/Medicare she is his caregiver and she is getting paid for nothing. She needs to be reported to the board she is under if she is being paid to take care of him and if not or being paid this is how the relationship started.  Call adult protective services, answer their questions truthfully (only what you KNOW happened, with no extra conjecture), and let them investigate.