 Don't need financial advice, cuz there's no way in Hell she's signing for a house we're not living in. What I'm wondering is if it's even legal for a realtor to try this sketchy crap. Can people even just transfer mortgages like that? Or is this likely just sideways talk to get her to cosign? No offense taken, I do understand what you're saying. And you're absolutely right in that the FHA (and most reputable lenders to be honest) are cracking down on the loopholes people used to regularly sneak by with. Nobody wants to see another crash like we did back in the late '00s. Despite the training, it always amazes me what you see in the real world. One class I went to had a portion where we were all discussing marketing methods. One person mentioned going door to door to introduce themselves as a Realtor working in the neighborhood and handing out a flyer and business card. The instructor said that is a great "tried and true" method, but to be sure you get the appropriate "door to door solicitor license" from the city you're working in. The guy said, "No, it's OK, I just tell people I'm not soliciting if they ask, it's not necessary." The entire class basically facepalmed at that moment, and the instructor corrected them and told them to look up the definition of "soliciting" and to go get the required license before doing it again because they were in fact breaking the law. I do believe that one was just out of ignorance, "Hey, I'm not selling a vacuum or a set of knives, I'm not soliciting!" Unfortunately half of the people he talked to probably have a bad taste in their mouths from his mistake. It's amazing how things work out in the end if you just slow down and wait it out. Before I was licensed and buying my current home, we found a home we loved and had some issues with some incorrect items on our credit reports. We lost the deal because of it and we were upset about it of course. We took a step back, got the things corrected and went searching again a couple of months later. We ended up finding the home we're still in now. This one was also a roller coaster. It was a short-sale pending foreclosure, and the listing agent didn't turn our offer in to the sellers (and their bank) before the bank's deadline, so the bank foreclosed on it anyway. We thought we lost it, but we (and our agent) kept an eye on it. Fortunately the house came back on the market for thousands less than our initial offer. We had an offer in the same day and got it. A year or two later we learned that the first house that we lost out on burned down due to wiring issues, so we dodged a rather large bullet on that one! Had we been inpatient and tried to skirt the rules (which we probably could have done) we would be in a far worse position than we are today. My apologies, I hadn't actually intended to imply that your profession didn't have training in these matters. I meant it in a more sardonic sense, which didn't actually work now that I'm looking at it in the context of your response. Like "you'd THINK that they would TEACH kids how the US government works, but what do I know." Like any profession -- including attorneys -- there are always people who are able to convince themselves that the rules are for other people. My agent was trying to be helpful and to resolve a problem that we temporarily faced, and I get that. Also, apparently, the FHA has been cracking down on this where until recently they didn't seem to care if the 3.5% came from a private or intra-family loan. And I was somewhere around 100% sure it would have worked, with very little risk of exposure... But this is one of those things an attorney has exactly zero excuse getting caught up in. Better to wait a couple of weeks and hope the deal was still on the table (which it was, all good, no harm no foul).  NAL, but am a Realtor. We ARE trained to recognize mortgage fraud, and are obviously not allowed to encourage it. Unfortunately what happens is there are far too many Realtors out there that put their paycheck first before their clients' well being. This can happen especially when it's late in the process, after many hours of driving around to open homes, many iterations of paperwork being filled out, etc. They've "put in the work" and don't want to lose the paycheck at that point. It's wrong, but as with any industry, there are those whose morals are flexible enough to do it. If caught breaking the rules we are at risk of not only losing our licenses, but criminal fines and jail time as well. OP should definitely report this person to their local real estate commission. Family friend or not, as others have pointed out, it's putting someone in a home they obviously can't afford. That is bad for that person, bad for the family left on the hook, and bad for everyone as the cost of fraud is built in to the prices we all pay for loans. Not only this, but this person is making all Realtors look bad, when in fact the vast majority of us do our job professionally and would never consider breaking the law like this. When someone says "they should be trained" when we in fact are, it goes to show how badly a single bad apple affects public opinion.  This is not a criticism of you, /u/Astramancer_, but that statement warrants clarification. It sounds like it's saying "even if you have no criminal intent". That's not saying that you can be guilty of a crime while having no criminal intent. Crime still requires mens rea (outside of statutory offenses). It's that the mens rea subsists in knowingly allowing your name/identity/credit history/etc. to be used for the benefit of another. It's worth pointing out because many fraud crimes require what's called scienter -- specific knowledge that the act is in violation of the law. Tax Evasion is a notable example -- to be found guilty, a jury must find that you knew that the specific act in question was criminally punishable. "Ignorance of the law is an excuse", in other words. Bank fraud of this kind does not require scienter. Whether you know or believe that this is an illegal act is not relevant. What's relevant is that you knew your identity would be provided as part of a financial arrangement in place of someone else's. My realtor told my wife and me to borrow money to make the 3.5% FHA minimum down payment, but to tell the FHA it was a gift. They're not lawyers, but damn they ought to be trained to a) recognize and b) not encourage banking fraud. That sounds like a terrible realtor. I know you don’t want to report her because she’s a “family friend,” but you really should, because: A friend wouldn’t ask you to do this. That is mortgage fraud. A less savvy buyer may do what she is asking and get into legal trouble. There is no way her realtors’ association would be okay with this. If she is willing to do this to “a family friend, imagine what she would do to someone she doesn’t know. IANAL but I am a licensed mortgage loan originator. I have cursory knowledge of what to expect here, I’m not offering financial or legal advice. Do not do this - the realtor is encouraging you to commit mortgage fraud. Signing for this property in lieu of your sister and misrepresenting your intended use of the home is serious. For starters, if she just decides to just move out and disappear one day this house is your problem. When the bank comes to collect, it’s not as simple as just taking the house back. Your credit will be damaged, the home will be auctioned and you will be on the hook for whatever is left after the sale of the home. If you can’t pay - well. You know the rest. Furthermore, if it ever becomes known you acted as a straw buyer you will end up in hot water with the authorities, on a list, and most lenders will not look at you. I wouldn’t sign - if someone has poor credit and low income I can’t see blood relations being a mitigating factor. You might want to do something nice and help her because she’s family but she’s a financial risk that a bank won’t accept and they have billions of dollars to protect themselves. She either doesn’t pay her bills or can’t. That’s the only reason banks won’t lend. It’s that simple. If she's actually a realtor and not just a broker, report them to the National Association of Realtors. They have strict ethical guidelines. this lady needs to be reported to the licensing board You should report her so she doesn’t pull this with someone else. Bring this to the attention of her BROKER. she may be your friend, but she is putting other peoples livelihoods in jeopardy If you're involved in this at all, have a lawyer look over all the documents and make sure this hack isn't trying to pull a fast one. Especially if this realtor is the one repping the sellers.  You should strongly consider reporting this realtor to your state's realtor licensing authority. This is what's known as "mortgage fraud." So, yeah. DO NOT DO THIS. this may be state-specific, as laws can vary across state lines. In my state no, mortgages are definitely not transferable. I'd be a little surprised to find out that they are anywhere to be honest. Sounds unethical honestly. You can’t just transfer a mortgage like that. If she doesn’t qualify now she won’t later  Do not let them do this. The bank won’t allow the transfer because sister is a huge risk and they don’t want to lose their money. It’s why she can’t get the mortgage herself. So then you are stuck with both the house and debt. Credit takes a hit if sis doesn’t pay. SO may not be able to even get a car loan because of her debt to income ratio. Definitely won’t be able to get a house either.  Sounds like a shady realtor just trying to close a deal. If her sister doesn’t qualify now for the loan, it will not be able to be transferred to her later.  The mortgage must be assumable. Even then the lender has to approve of the transfer and the new mortgage holder has to meet their credit standards.  Sound like she's trying to co-sign. No you can't just take it off later down the road. Unless you can afford it and want it, don't. 