 I’m a graduate student at a University in the US which has an attendance policy that seems a bit unreasonable. For example, some of my classes allow only 4 absences all semester (with no distinction between excused and unexcused absences — meaning doctor’s notes are of no use). I was severely sick during my second week of the semester and as a result I’ve already used up half my absences in multiple classes. I suppose my question is: do I have any legal ground to stand upon? The situation seems very unfair to me. If I get sick again, it’s very likely I will exceed the absence limit, and, according to the syllabus, will be automatically dropped from the class. I also can’t help but think about the fact that if my professor is sick they can call in, cancel class, but still get paid.  So, by this logic, if someone has a tragic accident and is in the hospital for an entire week, they either DESERVE to be dropped from the class or are at the wrong school? Also, I don’t skip class. That’s why there was nothing in my post about additional absences.  I don’t have a disability — nothing in my post brought up the idea of one. Like I said, I was severely sick in the second week and am worried about how I will fare from here on out. Your suggestion that I simply transfer universities is unhelpful and the overall tone of your reply was unnecessarily rude. The fact that you assume I would complain to my professors by telling them I pay their salaries is a bit insulting. Please take your hostile responses elsewhere.   I also can't help but think about the fact that you don't know, or understand, how professors' salaries are paid and what they are paid for. Legally speaking, if you have a disability that means you have to miss class, you would need to speak to your Accessibility/Disability Services office to request accommodations. In the absence of that, document that you're staying on top of your work and catching up with missed assignments/lectures, and if you need to, ask your professors (politely, not whining about how you pay their salaries) not to drop you because you're on track to finish with a solid grade. Most professors are accommodating, particularly when students can show they've kept up with the work. Your final option, as other commenters have said, is to transfer, but don't put "I'm seeking a university with a more lenient attendance policy" in your SOP. Sounds like you are at the wrong school for you. My policy is often to drop students after however many absences that equal the number of credit hours of the class. So, 3 hour class means that if you miss 4 times I drop you. I do reserve the right to waive it on a case by case basis, and I do excuse the students who are traveling representing the university (think athletics, professional societies, conferences where they are presenting papers). Skipping class cause you slept in for the 8am class? Thanks for paying your tuition and helping fund my salary. I still drop you on the 4th absence. I was here.  You can transfer to a university with policies more to your liking. There is no law that would prevent your school from making and enforcing its own policies. 