 Long time lurker, first time poster. Long post and thank you in advance for those taking the time reading this post. I am a union worker and understand I have a CBA that trumps certain laws/rights. Me and my wife were recently blessed with our second child and the way my baby bonding leave has been handled is very different than our first child’s which was with a different job/company. 4 points below: 1. 3-4 weeks after our second was born, our first(3yo) contracted hands foot and mouth and had a very high fever, did not eat, had to be removed from daycare for a little over a week. We decided to keep our first born at his grandparents, with me and my wife rotating being with each kid at all times to avoid our second from being near the virus. It has always been my impression you can use your sick leave to care for your sick children and even from my previous job I had once had to take my sick leave for caring for my child but not sure if my current jobs CBA does not allow it. I asked my HR but they didnt tell me much other than just no. They couldn’t tell me if it’s because of the CBA or if that’s just how their policy is. I also asked a union rep and they couldn’t answer for sure either. Right there is where I started feeling being discriminated for wanting to be a good father and good husband. I understand most men don’t take sick leave to care for their children and I feel discriminated against for wanting to for my family. Still to this day I believe I am entitled to use my sick leave to care for my children because the CBA doesn’t say anything about it. 2. I was told I can not use my sick leave in conjunction with the FMLA. Basically I am using the FMLA for 9 weeks, but the state pays 6 weeks so I am taking 3 weeks non paid. Again when I was on leave with my first born I was able to exhaust my sick leave and not have to worry about weeks I didn’t get paid, but that was a different company and again don’t believe my current CBA has anything worded about sick leave for children. 3. My company’s open enrollment for next years benefits started November and lasted 2 weeks. While I’ve been on Baby Bonding I have not received any notice from my company about open enrollment. My coworker had sent me a text on the last day of open enrollment and I was able to make my selections but if he had not reached out to me I wouldn’t have been able to make any changes. I had to log in to my company email and that’s when I noticed none of my acts had been freezed. Every company I’ve worked for had froze my access when I was on extended leave for FMLA or short term disability which made me wonder why my current employer was being so negligent. I truly believe my HR is all types of wrong. 4. While on leave my company has paid me twice and only able to reverse the direct deposit once. Basically they told me the system automatically paid me my first week of leave because it autopopulated and processed my time card. That was caught by me the day of the deposit and was able to be reversed the 2nd following work day. The 2nd time I got paid was right before the thanksgiving holiday, close to the end of my FMLA but I did not catch it until 3 days after it was already deposited. Of course the holiday prolonged the ability of the reversal and now they tell me I have to either right a check to offset the balance I now owe, or I can just work the next 40hrs and let the system catch up on the next pay date. I have had to take time to follow up with my payroll and leave management company regarding this mistake I caught multiple times now and believe I should be compensated for my time since it is work related and company’s fault. BTW I never received a thank you or apology for correcting the companies error. I’m more concerned on how my w-2 is going to be now and don’t trust their system. I know this is a long thread and there are a lot of variables, but I really believe I am being taken advantage by my company and am getting no assistance or gratitude from my HR. I have already started looking for a new job due to the stress of not getting truthful answers, but this union job does have good benefits for a few more years and if I’m in the wrong on all of this please let me know as my interpretation of the family care act begs me to differ. Any assistance, advice, and/or recommendations would greatly be appreciated. Thank you all again for reading my rant.  Hmmm. Find another Rep. The details of your CBA are between you and the company, Nobody on Reddit is going to know anything about it. I took it up with the union rep and they still had no answers for me.  Take this up with your Union Rep. That's what they're there for.