 Many popular website are doing what's called a "market place" purchase. This is where the front you see is a popular name, but the transaction is done by another company. So, I went to Walmart and bought a pair of shoes that were on sale. Before the transaction, I contacted Walmart and Shoes.com about returns and exchanges. I get the boots and they are different, my normal size is too tight and they hurt. So I call shoes.com and ask about an exchange, they say I can't exchange them because they were bought thru Walmart. Their site says "free exchanges + easy returns", but they say you have to talk to Walmart. Walmart says it has to be done thru Shoes.com. I say to Walmart, does you site say there is no exchanges? She (CS manager) says because it doesn't say exchanges are allowed, they are not allowed. Meaning that the consumer goes to Walmart.com and buys a pair of boots, wants another size and can't get the other size even thou both Walmart and Shoes.com have exchange polices that I qualify for. The exchange policy is not-worn outside, only tried on, original boxes and 30~90 days (depending on holidays). So I qualify in every way, but I can't get an exchange and was NEVER informed of this. The logic that Walmart CS is using is that they tell you Walmart has an exchange program, but that doesn't cover items sold at Walmart.com if it's fulfilled by Shoes.com and they don't have to inform you that you lose the exchange option. Q. can Walmart revoke an exchange option without informing the customer? Q. can shoes.com advertise free exchange and when you buy from them using the Walmart market place, revoke that exchange without informing you? Note: the sale price is gone, so the option to return and re-purchase would be at the non-sale price. I've been wearing boots for a LONG time and I know my size range. These were in my size range, but they redesigned part of the boot and really screwed it up. I actually did a side by side compare and fit compare. One of the concerns with buying things like this online is the fit, that's why I contacted both of them before making the purchase. Who did I buy the boots from? I bought the boots from Shoes.com. Shoes.com and free exchange and easy returns. There's only two companies involved here, Walmart and Shoes.com. One of them sold a pair of boots without informing the customer that there is no exchanges. Both of the companies have an exchange policy that you can view online. One company is saying that because of how you purchased thru us, you've lost your rights to the exchange. This is done without informing the consumer. There's tons and tons of laws designed to protect the consumer and you're trying to tell me that they have no duty to inform people that they give up their right to exchange if they purchase a certain way? What if I paid with a credit card and that allowed them to change the rights to a return and they didn't inform the consumer? At what point do they have a duty to inform the consumer about their rights? Yes, I did. I contacted Walmart first, they told me to talk to shoes.com. I emailed them and they told me the policy. The important thing was that that the boots would be unworn, which they are. Correct, but here's the issue... I'm accessing the "market place" by going to Walmart.com and finding Shoes.com's market place item. So at that point, I make the purchase. However, my concern is that Walmart has and exchange police, Walmart.com has and exchange policy and shoes.com has an exchange policy. You can find info on each of these exchange polices. However, there is no written exchange policy anywhere the consumer can find it. In reality, Shoes.com is just selling thru Walmart's site. Shoes.com shouldn't remove their exchange rights because you bought from them thru another electronic storefront. They should at least inform the consumer that they've given up their rights. This isn't even a hidden thing, it's a thing you have to dig to find out. Even when I did dig, they didn't tell me until after the sale. I saw that, and this is goofy because Timberland, Shoes.com and Walmart all had discounts. But the discounts were on different boots. Right now, I paid about 20% less than the sale price Shoes.com has right now and got free shipping. My concern is really about not informing the customer of a policy change and in fact, not having that policy ANYWHERE on their site. You only find out about this policy change if you call in. [deleted] My main concern is that I contacted BOTH and even have emails from them to prove that I contacted them and I specifically asked these questions. It wasn't until I called, that they informed me that there is not exchange because of how it was bought. Nowhere on any site anywhere is there now or then anything that says you don't get the exchange. This is about informing the consumer that they've lost their right to exchange. If you go to Walmart or Shoes.com you will not see anything that informs you that you've lost your right to exchange. Both Walmart and Shoes.com offer a return. I want the boots, but I want a different size. I wasn't able to try on the boots and they're about 1/2 size off. In order to get the correct size, I'd lose the sale price. So both sites offer free exchange, but because I bought thru Walmart, I don't get an exchange from either and no notice that I lost my option for an exchange from both? That doesn't seem legal.