 Two and half years ago I adopted a beautiful purebred Great Dane off of someone on Craigslist who couldn't keep him due to health reasons. He's turned out to be an absolutely stunning dog and it's evident that someone had put a lot of time and money into him. I want to find out more about his background because I'd love to get another puppy from his breeder one day and possibly try to get the papers for my boy. The only link I have to his breeder is a microchip, and I've been hesitant to try and reach out in case he was under a return contract. If he was under a return contract, would it be enforceable and could they legally take him from me? I never signed anything and his previous owner may have passed away. Do I have a valid claim to him given that I've had him for two and a half years, during which he's been registered in my name and I've paid for all the food and vet bills? Ok, thank you so much for the advice! I will contact the microchip company to get it switched over to my name. I have a good relationship with our vet and have all the documentation as well from his registration as well.  NAL but I work with rescues: Change the microchip information to your information as soon as possible. If their information is on the chip it could give them enough ownership rights to have the police reclaim the dog, and then you would have to prove ownership. With you on the chip, it’s up to them to prove legal ownership of the dog. A contract between them and someone else wouldn’t really stand, and they would have to sue the original owner for the value of the dog. Retain all documents that show you have taken the dog to the vet and otherwise cared for him, to help prove ownership. When you reach out to the breeder, include photos showing how well cared for and loved he is now. Breeders and rescues don’t want to take dogs from good homes. Going to court would be costly for them and they’d probably just be happy to know he’s in a good home and that you may want a friend for him in the future! Usually in this situation they would just ask you to sign one of their contracts so they know the dog isn’t being bounced from home to home.   No. The contract was between the breeder and the previous owner. The breeder could take action against the previous owner for breach of contract, but they cannot force you to return the dog -- you were not a party to the contract, so you are not bound by it. (In practice, they probably won't. The purpose of these clauses is generally just to make sure that the dog goes to a good home, not to impose control over their ownership.) Even if they had a return contract with the previous owner, you did not. If they wish to pursue damages with the person that is under contract, that will be between them.