 People have been leaving their dogs' poop right in front of the waste bin where bags are provided by the apartment complex. I want to set up a small, discrete camera that will get video of the people doing this. My lease has nothing in it prohibiting me from doing this, but I want to make sure it's not flat out illegal. I'd like to do it without consulting administration. If I ask and they say no, then that's that. But if I do it and then they ask me to take it down, at least I might get something. If necessary, I can set it up so that no apartments are in the shot if that helps. You're right. Thank you. I got really fed up with it this morning and have been fuming all day. This isn't a reasonable thing to do. Thanks again.  's attention and they haven't done anything. If they haven't taken it seriously up to this point, I'm afraid there's not much you can do to sway their decision. Save yourself the money on the camera, buy dog shit bags for your shoes instead. This has the potential to backfire on you, don't forget that. In fact, it has a much higher chance on backfiring than actually doing any good. As a last resort, why not petition more of your neighbours to come forward about the issue. Perhaps if enough people lodge a complaint the management will do something about it. The field is right next to my unit and I have to walk through it to get to my car. I'm done stepping in dog poop when I'm trying to get to work. I have brought it to administration's attention and they haven't done anything. I intend to provide screen shots with my next complaint. I appreciate your reply, and I'm not trying to be batman. I don't intend on tracking these people down and handling it myself.  No, you cannot set up a spycam on someone else's private property. What will you do with this footage? If the complex isn't on board, then even if you get footage they don't have to use it. You don't own the complex, aren't employed by them, and quite frankly have no business installing cameras, anywhere. Having said that, it's (probably) not illegal as long as you don't record any audio. TN requires at least 1 party to be part of the conversation for it to be legally recorded. I would however, caution you against doing that. While it may not be explicitly forbidden in your lease, I can assure you that your landlord will not take kindly to this. You're not batman, stop trying to be batman. Lodge your complaints towards complex officials. If they don't want to do anything about it, then tough luck.