 I rear-ended someone this morning and while no one was injured, there was significant damage to both cars. While pulling my insurance information from my email, I noticed I had received emails from Progressive about missed payments and that my insurance was revoked 5 days prior. I payed as soon as I could after the accident, but I realize this really puts me in a bad situation. I'm really at a loss as this is my first real accident. Any advice regarding how I can best move forward here would be greatly appreciated. (If it's relevant, the person I hit did not have insurance) When you paid the bill (after the accident), was the policy reinstated with or without a lapse? If it was reinstated without lapse, they'll likely pay the claim. Just be prepared that they may choose to non-renew your insurance on expiration or raise your rates on renewal. I think your agency is right. Go through the claims process and let them catch it on their end. You will perhaps stand a better chance once the claim is in process of someone being able to say, "fine, let this one through," than of trying to get a claim initiated during the lapse. I called my insurance agency and they had recommended not bringing up my missed payment when I file my claim with Progressive. Do you think it is something I should bring up proactively?  if this was a one-time thing, and especially if you are a long-term customer, speak with your insurance company and ask them if they would be willing to cover this time as a gesture of good faith since you did not realize you had missed these payments and did not intend for your coverage to lapse. They are not required to do this for you but sometimes you will find insurance companies to have a heart, and at least be willing to make minor concessions. It will ultimately depend on what their guidelines allow for. I have seen things similar to this happen with mixed results but it is always worth a shot. You will be responsible for paying the damages you caused out of pocket. They can get an estimate, and then you can pay them what you owe them.