 Yes, the following is my fault for being an idiot. It sucks but I just want to know if there is a way to get my money back. A few months ago I was following a youtuber on drop-shipping tutorial courses and I decided to purchase one of his courses. The course was a website built and 10 chosen products. I never got anything from him at all. I sent him 500USD and he went radio silent. He kept his profile active and would send me the occasional text telling me he was working on the site and it would be sent over soon. This never occurred. Then his profile went dark and he came back with stories that he was a victim of police brutality and that explained his absence. To pad his story, he posted a few angry posts and vague looking injuries. At this section of his facebook profile, he messaged me with his story of woe and asked for a week to send me back my money. I had been persistent and finally asked for my money back after 3 months of zero communication, or him fulfilling his service. He again strung me along for weeks where he finally blocked me. Look I get it, I am an idiot, and 500USD is not enough to justify a lawsuit. I also know that because there is a country gap, this may make things harder. I just want to know my options here. Should I just let this go? I am from Canada and the accused is from Louisiana. [Reporting a ToS violation to Facebook]() [Reporting a ToS violation to YouTube](=en) Note that using the Reporting Tool for YouTube requires you have a YouTube account. It might take a little more digging to find how to report it if you don't have a YT account (and don't want to create one) Thanks for your advice, who would I specifically message, or rather what medium of communication to YT or FB would I message?  Legal options aren't very good for that amount of money, but you might be able complain to YouTube and Facebook, if he's still using those platforms. He might be willing to pay you off to get rid of you if getting banned from those services impact his ability to cheat others.