 \[North Carolina\] I purchased two Samsung Galaxy Note 9s late last year, like August-ish. The reason I pre-ordered it was because at the time there was a buy one get one free Note 9 event along with a free pair of headphones, so I hopped on it. I purchased it through their website, selecting Verizon as the carrier, and going with the 24-month financing option. When I received the phones, I had trouble activating one of them, and I called Samsung and Verizon to try to get the issue resolved and eventually ended up fixing it at a Verizon store. The problem was that only one phone showed up in both Samsung and Verizon's purchase, and because of that I wasn't getting charged for the phones either. I talked to Verizon about what was up with that and what I should do and they said since they can't find any information on the phone and its financing that I can just leave it alone as long as there are no issues with the phones. Fast forward six months later, and I got an e-mail from Samsung saying Verizon could not complete my financing agreement and forcing me to either 1. Return both phones and the pair of headphones that come with it for a refund (which I haven't gotten charged for either phone) or 2. Pay $1000 dollars straight out of my credit card and keep the device. So I called Samsung because I originally signed up for 24 month financing and asked them what was up, and they dodged my questions, saying those two were the only two possibilities, despite the original agreement for the 24 month financing. Samsung stated that they tried to get the money from Verizon but couldn't so instead they are just charging me the full amount instead. Is there any legal action I can take against this? Because I would be okay with going ahead with the 24 month financing I originally agreed to, but I can't return the phones because then I would lose out on a $1000 dollar phone that was supposed to be part of a buy one get one deal for pre-ordering, but I don't really want a thousand dollars charged to my card on a plan I didn't agree to.