 So when it comes to law, I'm usually pretty knowledgeable know most of what I'm talking about, but I can't find much that really relates to what I'm going through exactly, so I'm here for advice on the basis of legality. Let me begin: so throughout this summer, I was dating a "married woman" (I know, horrible, trust me). In my defense, she told me all summer that she was getting a divorce, so I stayed with her. I saw text messages to her husband, that prompted me to believe that she was getting a divorce also, so it wasn't just me advocating that she cheat on me, because I truly thought that she was leaving her husband. Her her husband have a child together, and of course, her husband found out and isn't happy. One time, her I got into a really bad argument, because I found out she'd been sleeping with somebody else (I'm not asking for relationship advice here, I know this whole situation is messed up I just want black and white answers about legality.) I said some things to her that I can't take back, I wish I wouldn't have said, because I didn't mean them. Of course, she showed them to her husband, he said that he would never let their son around me again if she got back with me. I understand, that as a father, he has the jurisdiction to decide who his child is around. But since then, her I have been together for a while, not once have I threatened her, put my hands on her, raised my voice to her, etc. I was rightfully upset the one time I said 'mean' things to her. I have two questions here; 1) is a restraining order as simple as just applying? Even if you don't have full custody of the child? Because they're in the midst of a custody battle right now for the child, and if she wins majority, even 51%, does she have the ability to block the restraining order from being put into place? Or is he even able to put it into place? And 2) worst case scenario, if the restraining order is put into place, as the mother of the child, the one who has residual, majority custody, does she have the ability to have the restraining order lifted? I understand that an appeal process, standing in front of a judge would be necessary when applying for having the restraining order lifted, and her I are prepared for that, although we were wondering if he even has the ability to place a restraining order without full custody, and if so, if her I could just have the restraining order lifted in such circumstances. Again, I'm not asking for relationship advice, so please, only answers relating to restraining orders please. Thank you in advance!  Excellent, that should end your legal concerns then.  Restraining order aren't permanent. They usually last a year and you have to renew them. Honestly, if you aren't together, it would be a waste of time to try to appeal it. You two could just wait it out.  I would like to be very clear, I am not with this woman anymore. I'm asking for black and white information. When I said "her and I have been together for a while", I meant "her and I had been together for a while."  I should actually also add, that her I aren't together right now. none of this actually impacts my decision, I was just having a hard time finding any information on this scenario whatsoever. I think she's literally being guilted into staying with him, based on the thought of; if she leaves him, she would have to chose between her son I. I'm not putting myself in that position because it's not my place, I just want to know the details the legal aspect of the scenario. So for clarification purposes, we are not together, I'm just asking for black and white information. Now Thank you for the valuable insight, I appreciate that. But on another note, I understand that there would be the initial hearing, where the restraining order would either be imposed or declined. But in the event that the restraining order was imposed, I'm aware that there is an appeal process, correct? I'm not trying to get back with her, but, if she had residual custody of their child, I'm sure she has the ability to appeal the restraining order, given that the father (49% custody or less) was able to apply to have a restraining order put into place. Again, I'd like to make it evidently clear that I am not a lawyer have no lawful background, I'm just curious because 1) this stuff is interesting. 2) not many things actually stump me, and it's frustrating that I can't figure this out lol.  1) It's not a simple as applying, he has to show there is a threat and that there was continou. He, as the father of the child can apply for one for his child if he has custody of his child. It doesn't make a difference about how much time is spent where. And typically, parents share joint custody these days absent something egregious. He also doesn't have to get a restraining order to keep you away from his child. That is just he criminal aspect of this. There is still the divorce itself. He could bring those texts to the attention of the court and they could order your girlfriend to have you around the kid. The court can't do anything to you, but they could find your girlfriend in contempt. 2) She can try, but if it got granted on the basis that you're a physical threat to the mother and the child according to the father, I doubt that same court is going to rehear the mother's argument that you aren't a threat and decide differently. There's going to be an initial hearing. Your girlfriend can make the argument then. That is when it will be most effective.  As mentioned in your previous post, the hearing would be before, not after an order is granted and the mother can't decide to ignore an order no matter how much custody she has. If she were to get it then just ignore it, he'd have a pretty slam dunk case for a modification in his favor. Again, you are poison to both facets of this issue for her, and if you want her to have a good outcome you will not be involved with her anymore. 