 Some kid at my college has been following my friend around. He has showed up at her house when she didn't answer his calls, blows up her phone, called her job to see where she was, follows her, and has blocked her car from moving because she didn't want to talk to him. I have never once spoken to this kid. I heard he had made fun of me so I recently took him off my social media and blocked him. Today he apparently asked her why I did it and now I'm worried he's going to start stalking me too. If he talks to me at all I plan to literally just say "Do not interact with me ever again. Do not talk to me." and leave it at that. If that doesn't work, what can I do legally? When can I call the police if it doesn't work? Is there another resource I can call? When can I/under what circumstances should I get a restraining order or something? I literally want no contact with him. So far he hasn't done anything to me aside from say mean stuff about me allegedly and then ask why I blocked him, but I don't want to waste time. I want to know what I can do if i notice he is following me or doesn't listen and continues to talk to me. I literally want no contact with him. Before you ask, I don't know why my friend doesn't call the police. Her parents spoke to his parents about them never talking again, but he isn't listening. I have only known her for like two weeks. I just don't want to be dragged into this.  No, you can contact them on the basis that you've seen this type of behavior towards others. Thank you for the reply! Do you think I should contact them only if he does something to me after I tell him to never contact me?   "Do not interact with me ever again. Do not talk to me." and leave it at that. If that doesn't work, what can I do legally? When can I call the police if it doesn't work? Is there another resource I can call? When can I/under what circumstances should I get a restraining order or something? I literally want no contact with him. You can contact the university, both their law enforcement and the dean of students. Every college and university has policies against this type of harassment. And while it may strain the friendship, you can report your friends harassment to the university, usually anonymously, and let them investigate. 