 I'm going to keep this as simple and nonspecific as possible to be careful, so please ask if there's anything important I left out. A Bank was supposed to process an ACH transfer from a Credit Union at 4:30PM on one day and it didn't occur until 1:45AM the next day. The Credit Union claims (and has shown me records) that received the transaction at 1:45AM the next day. The Bank claims (and has shown me records) that the transaction was sent the day scheduled. The Bank's records that were sent to me only show the day/month/year of the transaction, which makes me suspicious as timezone fuckery could make a 1:45AM transaction look like it happened the previous day. Note that this was all done with automated payment systems and no humans either on my side or their sides were involved with the process whatsoever until I sought support for the mistimed transaction. The error has cost me a non-insignificant loss (but still within small claims territory) and I'd like to pinpoint blame before taking any action. Is there any way I can demand more specific records or find out more information without getting into court and having to subpoena records from the financial institutions involved?  Even if they didn't breach contract, if I can somehow find out whose fault it is, I can at least threaten to take my business elsewhere. In the long run, they both make much more money off of me as a customer than they would lose compensating me. So, it's worth a shot. I doubt you can get their internal records without a court order. I also doubt that they violated any promises they made to you regarding the timeliness of completing the ACH transaction. But I could be wrong. It depends on the bank, in my experience. My real question here is just if there's a way for me to obtain records about my transactions without needing a court order. Well, if you do several thousand ACH transfers every day, you likely know more about them than most people in the universe. That said, I’ve always understood ACH transfers to be slow, with same-day (1-day?) ACH being only a recent thing. I do several thousand ACH transfers between these two institutions every day and I've never had one take 10 hours to complete. It certainly doesn't seem like "business as usual" from my point of view. The ACH network itself is non-instantaneous. The various ACH operators (FedACH, The Clearing House, and so on) can and do hold incoming transactions so that they can batch up work and reduce load on the network. This process is regulated… but a delay of a few hours isn't going to give rise to legal action against either bank, or against the ACH operator. In other words, this sounds like business as usual for how ACH operates, and like there is no blame to apportion as such. Depending on the size of the loss you're asserting, you could check this with an attorney of your own, but I'd be surprised if you got far.