 My business partner and I are working on ending a recently soured partnership and I don't really know much about corporate law aside from a class I took during undergrad. I appreciate any counsel I can get from r/legaladvice. • I own 1/3rd of the company and He owns the remaining 2/3rds. A third partner owns less than 1%. The entity is an LLP filing as S Corp and is a software as a service company. • We are 50/50 partners on a separate LLC which holds a commercial property purchased with profits from the 1st company. After a few recent arguments, my business partner now refuses to cooperate with any sort of progress I try to make with the company. He no longer reveals any information and makes decisions without my knowledge. I quit taking a paycheck about a month ago due to the company's financial position, however, my business partner still takes a salary. I take distributions in proportion to my share of the business and the partner does the same. The partner has been ignoring my messages and said he doesn't need/want my help. He no longer wants me to sell "His" products (I'm marketing/sales). The product is a marketing automation software that He designed using my marketing techniques and strategies. The partner is trying to hire an employee which I fear will bankrupt the company very soon. I'm worried that I will be held personally liable for the aftermath since it's an LLP. What are my options? What additional information would you need in order to make a sound decision? The 2nd entity with the commercial property is currently located in the partner's hometown, about a 2-hour drive from me. My partner does most of the management as a result of His close proximity to the building. I still view the property as a great financial investment with good upside potential, but I fear that it doesn't matter since I have an uncooperative business partner and it will only come back to hurt me. Our broker has expressed interest in the property and may want to purchase my share of the investment, but I haven't approached Him yet. Again, I'd love to hang onto the investment but my partner continues to work against me I'm fearing the worst. What are my options with this? What additional information would you need in order to make a sound decision? Thanks! A few options: - Best to talk face to face in a neutral location, not email or text. - Discuss buyout or dissolve the entity. - Get a Business Valuation to help determine fair buyout or distribution of the assets. - Keep things civil. You were friends once. - Perhaps cease all services until resolved. Not fair that the partner is still paying himself while you haven’t to save the company. - Document everything in writing. - Be careful that you’re not locked out of physical or digital assets until all resolved. Good luck. (Not a lawyer) You need to have an attorney look over your situation and find your best option.