 I am just wondering what the rules/regulations regarding service animals when renting houses/apartments are. I have heard that when a service animal is entering a business/establishment, the only thing the person can be asked is "what task is the animal trained to perform" I'm not sure that that's actually even accurate, but I am wondering if there's anything similar regarding housing.  Are you talking about if you're trying to rent an apartment? What you need depends on if you have a service dog or an ESA? Is the animal you have a dog? Is it trained to complete a task? What is the task? It's actually two questions: 1) is the dog a service animal required because of a disability? 2) what work or task has the dog been trained to perform? [More info]() about the ADA rules. And [here]() is some related info on the FHA rules.  "A housing provider may not deny a reasonable accommodation request because he or she is uncertain whether or not the person seeking the accommodation has a disability or a disability related need for an assistance animal. Housing providers may ask individuals who have disabilities that are not readily apparent or known to the provider to submit reliable documentation of a disability and their disability-related need for an assistance animal. If the disability is readily apparent or known but the disability-related need for the assistance animal is not, the housing provider may ask the individual to provide documentation of the disability related need for an assistance animal. For example, the housing provider may ask persons who arc seeking a reasonable accommodation for an assistance animal that provides emotional support to provide documentation from a physician, psychiatrist, social worker, or other mental health professional that the animal provides emotional support that alleviates one or more of the identified symptoms or effects of an existing disability. Such documentation is sufficient if it establishes that an individual has a disability and that the animal in question will provide some type of disability-related assistance or emotional support." If the disability is obvious they can't ask questions. Also "a housing provider also may not ask an applicant or tenant to provide access to medical records or medical providers or provide detailed or extensive information or documentation of a person's physical or mental impairments. Like all reasonable accommodation requests, the determination of whether a person has a disability-related need for an assistance animal involves an individualized assessment." Source: [\_NTCFHEO2013-01.PDF]() When a service dog or mini horse enters a facility, those are the only recognized service animals, then yes. Your emotional support aardvark is not protected by the ADA, but is protected by the Fair Housing Act. In that case they can ask for a note from a medical professional verifying the need. In the housing context you are entitled to a reasonable accommodation, which still allows verification of the need. And in he housing context there is no such thing as a “certified ESA.” I’m 100% positive that’s still the truth. An apartment complex might be able to challenge you a little more? Not sure but I’m pretty sure service animals in a federally insured complex must allow them. I know some places like my work are trying to make some “risk management” assessments about service animals and we literally learned you cannot ask anymore except for the intended task 