 I'm the guarantor of two loans that my auntie took out. She defaulted on one, which is now on my credit file (?) and went into a debt management plan for the remaining loan and other debts. Eventhough the plan is set up and the debt recovery companies have accepted the amounts presented by the debt management plan, they're still coming after me for the remaining amount of the contractual agreement (The contractual amount is £197 a month, she pays £137 a month under the terms of her debt management plan) Do they have the right to come after me? Oh man I can't say how much I appreciate your words, thankyou so much I understand that 100%. I Believe that we all live with regrets like this but keep in mind, now I’m really not trying to belittle your situation and how you feel, but no one is hurt. You didn’t make a choice that killed or harmed someone. It’s a very big mistake but it’s one that is fixable and it will be okay!!:) I hope you go do something nice for yourself today  I really appreciate that, thankyou, if I could turn back time and not do it I would in a heartbeat, that's what stresses me out the most. And knowing I didn't even spend it, I wouldn't be bothered otherwise I know this is shitty. I know it’s a tough lesson to learn. But remember that debt is just money and it’s just a thing on your credit report. You can easily fix it over time. Don’t let this stress you out to the point of effecting your health... please. Please remember that money is just money and you can breathe and know it can’t touch you or really hurt you especially if you keep up with what’s going on and explain to your future lenders and do your best to make the payments or call for some kind of deal to avoid collections. Please don’t stress over this to the point where it affects your health. Take care  I’d suggest you handle it asap to try to get any damage off your credit report. Take it as a lesson about cosigning/lending money to family. (Dont.) I literally only have two regrets in my life and they are both of them. Yes. This is why you never cosign a loan you are not able and willing to pay back in full. As far as the creditors are concerned the loan is just as much yours as it is hers. /r/LegalAdviceUK would help you better, but the advice is likely the same. You guaranteed the loan, so yes, they have an obvious right to come after you. 