 So let's say a man is caught with Lolicon or Shotacon, basically Japanese animated children doing sexual acts. What could you charge him with? Asking because I want to attempt to report a group of people who say it's acceptable to draw children in sexual situations. In the UK it's illegal to own these types of picture but I guess it really depends on where you are and your country/states. We don't have thoughtcrime in this country. Thinking things isn't illegal.  Reporting them to the police is worse than reporting something that isn't a crime. There are groups of people who acknowledge that they are attracted to minors and even small children, but have banded together for mutual support to not fall prey to their desires. By reporting them to the police, OP may trigger the police to harass or persecute them. This may lead to them going underground and getting away from their social safety net, leading to a higher risk of breaking the law. That sucks but I'll hope they haven't and won't do anything yet. Usually this community is fine but recently due to an update of them purging stuff from the website, these guys came outta the woodwork to cry about their favorite CP artists being deleted.  Being attracted to children is not illegal, especially when they are no contact. Unless they commit an actual crime there is nothing to report although you may want to consider finding higher quality Internet communities to connect with.  I'm a she. I am a pretty huge Anime Fan / Weeb fan of stuff like AoS. I don't go searching for shotacon and lolicon in anime. I'll ignore it if there is a character like that but if it does anything sexual towards that character despite them being a child I'll take that anime off my watch list. Which is why I usually stay on the meme side of Fate / Grand Order since they added Chloe Von Einzbern and Illya. :') not in a good way at all. Ah okay that makes sense. There's another concern I have though that I'll add, there's also a group of people who enjoy calling themselves MAPs or NOMAPS, which the first one on its own is just Minor Attracted People and the other is No Contact MAP. I found them a bit after I discovered the illustrated cp. Could I report those people to police for claiming to be attracted to child or does there have to be some sort of crime already committed towards a child? It may be morally repugnant, but it’s not illegal to have drawings of this nature in the United States. Well this isn't a morality sub, it's a legal sub, and this is generally not illegal.  Oh okay and I wasn't trying to play vigilante :/ I just found a few creeps obsessing over lolicon and thought it was creepy.  Really? "Stop trying to...",. I don't think one could try hard enough to stop this sort of , what would you call it?, Sick,deviant, revolting, depection of Minor's? Not to mention there is profit involved. I mainly meant that directed at him for his description on his account haha: 'm a piece of shit who posts screenshots from discord of assholes who come across my path! I'm also a huge anime fan / weeb, insult me however you want lol You're right there is probably nothing illegal here and I'm for telling people not to play batman but I don't think reporting a crime (or what you believe to be a crime) to the police actually falls in the category of vigilante. Stop trying to play vigilante. In CA this isn't generally considered illegal.  Your location is going to matter here. If you're in the states then those people are right, illustrations are generally not considered CP. Edit: you're in California so illustrations are not illegal unless they are somehow so realistic that they'd be mistaken for real children. 