  Throw-away for potential issues. I have a relative who is an addict, a dealer, and has severe anger issues. He also has a child who he shares custody with his exGF. Because of recent events (mostly that his addiction is escalating and making his behavior erratic and scary) another relative and I reached out to his ex and advised her that we’d be willing to show up in any future custody hearings to testify on his behavior if she needed it. During the conversation, the ex had a question about something she feared happening in the house. We couldn’t confirm that fear as having happened already since we had never witnessed it but acknowledged that her fear isn't completely implausible given the living environment. My other relative was then able to provide more detail on the kid’s exposure to things in the house (as they had stayed there with him in the past) but I couldn’t as I already limit my time with this relative b/c of past issues. We never at any point said anything that was untrue about this relative. The ex decided shortly after that it was time to push for a change to the custody agreement and cited her fear as the main reason why. I do not know if the ex specifically said that I confirmed it for her (which I didn’t) or if my relative just assumed that based on the ex saying that I was involved in the conversation. Either way, he is now threatening to come after me for defamation of character for lying about the fear being real thus hurting his custody agreement. Now logically I wouldn’t put too much weight into him following through with any of this but given his current erratic behavior and his personality type even when sober, I wanted to cover by bases. Would he have a case in this situation? What should I do to prepare myself in case he tries? I'm hoping it's all hot air but with the behavior lately I can't afford to just right it off completely. He likely would not have a case if you were giving truthful statements. If he actually does sue, then you need to show up, possibly with a lawyer, and defend yourself. However, the chances are much greater he's blowing a lot of hot air than of him actually trying to sue.