 In the early 80s my family inherited 100 Acres in a oil rich area in Oklahoma. It has yet to be developed to a productive site for oil or gas. Currently I own 25 acers, my brother owns 25 acers and my aunt 50 acers The family line from when I was a child was never sell EVER. This Thanksgiving my aunt has made known the she was to sell. She has made poor financial decisions in the past and is in her 70, and seems to be needing money. My brother married into big money and does not work a daily job, he is indifferent about selling, but likes to tell me how the sale of the land would change my life, I want to keep the land to see if we could get a productive well. I am a person of modest income and have had this land in the back of my mind as a source of income for retirement in about 25 years. What are my options for keeping my 25 Acres? Or as a minority owner I am out of luck?  Hi, Oklahoma lawyer here: Nobody can force you to sell your interest. It sounds like you and your brother and aunt are what are called "undivided owners" in property. That means that, out of the 100 acre tract, you each own a certain share of it. Unless you take specific court action (discussed below), you can't point to any specific 25 acres of the land and say "that's my property." Just like if you and your wife jointly own a house: you don't point to certain rooms and say, "I own these rooms, and my wife owns these rooms." Instead, you just think of the house as being half yours and half hers. With undivided property (like this house example), it's easiest to think of it as you owning a percentage of the property. So, with the 100 acres your family owns, think of it as you owning 25% of the entire 100 acres, your brother owning 25% of the entire 100 acres, and your aunt owning 50% of the entire 100 acres. When you have undivided owners in property like this, each owner can sell or transfer their own interest in property however they want. But, if they do decide to sell or transfer their interest in the property, that decision does not affect any other owner: no one can force any other owner to sell. So, if your aunt decided to sell her 50%, all that means is that now some other person would own that 50%. You and your brother would each still own your own 25% interests that you've always had. You have the choice to keep your 25% interest in the 100 acres, and nothing your aunt or brother do with their own interests in the 100 acres can change that. Now, let's say your aunt or brother sell their interest to a real jerk. You don't want to own the same property as that jerk, because that jerk is a real pain to work with. That jerk refuses to replace fences, or mow, and wants to develop the property in a way you disagree with. Well, in that case you can file a "Partition" action in court in the county where the property is located. In a partition action, the judge actually breaks up the property into individual lots roughly based on the percentage of each party's ownership. So, in your family's case, since you have a 25% interest in the 100 acres, the judge would give you a 25 acre lot. Since your aunt has a 50% interest, she would get a 50 acre lot. These numbers can vary a bit, because some parts of the property might be more valuable than others (such as if there is a lake on one part of the property). But that's the basic gist of it. It would be as if you went to court with your wife, and the judge actually did give you ownership of certain rooms in your house, and gave your wife ownership of other rooms. That's basically what would happen with the partition action. You would get a lot size of around 25 acres, and you would be the only owner of that 25 acres (your brother and aunt wouldn't own any of it), and you would no longer own any interest in the remaining 75 acres of the property. Hope this helps. So you own 25% of the 100 acres and you three have just made some informal decision about who has what section. Is that right? So all three names are on a single title to the property? My section is 25 acers within the 100, the land is all of ours together, it is not divided between us. This is a terrible time to sell when oil is a such a low selling price. Is the property divided so that you actually own 25 acres or do you mean that you own 25% of 100 acres?