 Virginia. Follow up, if this is possible, would the site of the funeral be the court of jurisdiction, or the court in the limits where the subjects reside? I have heard of law enforcement escorts in order to keep peace and order, but I'd rather it not come to that. A cemetery is not public unless it is owned by the state, county, township, or other public entity. Traditionally, a graveyard was a burying ground associated with a church, while a cemetery was a separate large plot specifically for burials, located away from heavily-populated areas and hence away from churches; these days, the terms are often used interchangeably. Virginia law requires cemetery owners to provide access to the families of those buried there, but the owners may impose reasonable restrictions on when. Probably not. It's not uncommon for parents to bring other family members to custody exchanges when it's be an acrimonious custody battle.  I will make sure the message is received to not attend, and I will have to hire security or law enforcement to attend if I cannot get an order from a court. If you're suggesting there no cause other than my personal desire, it's due to almost a decade of harm in its various forms. You can't just get one because you want one and feel entitled to it, no.  I see; thanks. I believe cemeteries are public, and graveyards are private. Funeral homes certainly are. Yes. But they won't send a free cop to provide security. You can hire security.  Would bringing large male family members or aggressive dogs to child custody exchanges as a form of intimidation/posturing rise to the level of harassment or threat in the eyes of the law? 't welcome and you can have them removed if they show up. I believe this is what I will have to do, though it is in my interest to get ahead of this if at all possible. Are both the cemetery and the funeral home not already private property? Can you ask the person not to attend? Or hire security/off-duty officer  're not likely to get one. Is it futile to attempt? I have been told twice now that it is not possible, but I wouldn't want to skip this attempt if exceptions could be made. There has to have been recent occurrences of harassment and threats for a restraining order to be considered. A restraining order is the government placing restrictions on a person's right to movement, we don't (or shouldn't) grant that without a good purpose. Someone possibly causing a raucous is not likely a good purpose. If the funeral is a private gathering, you can tell them that they aren't welcome and you can have them removed if they show up.  A restraining order is a substantial limit on the restrained party's right to freedom of association, and they are not handed out lightly. In the absence of harassment or violence, you're not likely to get one. However, if you're paying for the ceremony, you can work with the venue to tell them who is unwelcome, and to have a security plan in place for if they show up uninvited. Would a work-around to this be to bury on private property and request law enforcement to prepare for trespassing? no, not unless the person has recently threatened you or assaulted you