 Hi r/legaladvice As of right now, I don't think there is much we can do beyond what we've already done - continue reading. Sorry for the wall of text. Relevant background: My husband (USAF) and I just PCS'd to Oahu Hawaii back in October and bought a home here (my first!), and it has been one thing after another with basically everything that could go wrong occurring. One of the things that went wrong was that the seller's realtor lied/omitted the fact on the MLS that there is an HOA for the home - we didn't discover it until the paperwork was sent over for it halfway into escrow. We were trying to avoid an HOA because most of them here have number of dog restrictions (to two, we have three) or breed restrictions (we have two pibble type dogs) and because we wanted to avoid stuff like this. We were able to read the documents (which took \way\ too long to get to us because of the aforementioned seller's realtor and the seller) which clarified that three dogs was okay (they permit four pets and have no breed restrictions), and see the restrictions on fencing - which is important with a big dog. The HOA doc's specify homes on the golf course green (as ours is) are permitted to a 4' fence (not tall enough for our dog) made of certain materials - but all other fencing may be 5' and wood (as ours is - and it's a really nice looking fence). It is important to note that the home is on a golf course, and I spoke directly to the superintendent for the golf course about fencing beforehand, and they don't care about fencing (within reason, for example, no 10' walls - obviously). We put in a 5' wood fence on the word from our realtor that it should be fine because everything here is so easygoing (Aloha, and all that). Also, few homes along our street are fully compliant with the HOA bylaws (fencing, etc.) - including homes along the golf course being made of materials not permitted in the bylaws. The problem: We received two letters (dated of inspection of 19 November) from the HOA company (Associa Hawaii) citing two separate ways we were not in compliance with the governing documents. 1) Fence - the letter says, "This is a courtesy notice. Any additions or modifications made to the exterior requires approval from the associations \[sic\] Design Committee. Please Cease the building of your fence and return your yard/home to its original form or submit a design application." 2) Pavers along the driveway - when we moved in and as of right now there are brick pavers on the side of the driveway, thus widening it (so they had been there for months before we even first saw the home, the house had been vacant for months when we moved in). The letter says "This is a courtesy notice. Any additions or modifications made to the exterior requires approval from the associations \[sic\] Design Committee. No approval was received for the widening of the driveway via pavers, nor is it permittable. Please make the necessary adjustments to return your yard to its original form or submit a design application." Both letters say, "We realize you may have been unaware of these requirements and are confident that you will make the necessary corrections within the allotted time stated above \[11/29/2018\]." Neither letter gives any instruction on how to submit a design application - so my husband has emailed asking how to do this. Both letters cite that they are the 2nd courtesy notice, but we received no first notice for either issue. Advice?: It was an $18,000 fence. We cannot be without a fence due to our dogs. We were told we should not have any problems - yet here we are. What can we expect? What can we do to protect ourselves? What happens if the design application for the fence is not approved - what can we do? What can they do when we don't take the fence down? \\TL;DR - what can an HOA do about a fence not in compliance with governing documents?\\ I hate being in this situation because we are bot very much not the type of people to not follow rules, but we had a shit-show of several months getting into this home with things going wrong right after another the entire time and we just want to live in our home peacefully. We have tried to do everything as correctly as possible from day 1 (e.g. even though there was the bit about fencing limits on the green of the golf course, we followed the 5' wood fence rules even though we would have preferred a 6'). Thank you in advance.