 Hello r/legaladvice, I have posted here prior but the shitty diner job has come back to bite me. Again. First of all, w-2’s were not given out until after January 31. I received mine today (February 6). It should be important to note it was not mailed to me. Mine was given to my mother, who also worked at said diner for some time. However, I never filled out an “emergency contact” form or any sort of form for them to assume it was okay to give to her. We don’t live at the same address and the owner actually knows (as documented in text messages) that I have a bad relationship with her (not entirely certain that matters but just for background knowledge). They have done this on numerous accounts with my physical paychecks as well and used my mother working there as a reason to deny mailing them to me. It also had not only my nick name/preferred name on the W2 as opposed to my legal name but it was misspelled. (I point this out because it is not the name that matches my social security card or passport, which I gave to them upon my hire as proof of citizen/legal status) Also, in Maryland, while I was working the minimum wage for servers was $3.63/hour. They claimed my total income was over $8,300. However reconciling all my pay stubs which I have kept, it does not come anywhere near an $8k total. They also just put the total net income amount repeated on the “tips and other income” line. In my Medicare withholding it claims I paid out over $2,600 to Medicare. Which there is literally no way. I have given this information to my accountant. I’m sure I will receive a call as I have also told him about all the inaccuracies I have with this information. Where do I stand, and if it is possible can I take legal action? I’m scared that I will owe a strenuous amount of money because I’m pretty sure these numbers are all ones they’ve made up.  Best bet is /r/tax. There are legal implications for filing an incorrect return, but people in /r/tax should be able provide guidance. Your problem isn't unheard of, so someone will probably know.