 Hey all, So I’ll get straight to the point. We’re changing our schedules at work and I just logged in to my computer to check the schedule and my emails. I noticed the schedule I was given is not what I discussed with leadership so I called my boss and asked to discuss it but he said that he’s not able to discuss scheduling changes unless I’m clocked in so he’s asking to speak to me about it tomorrow when we’re both in the office and clocked in. He also advised me not to check, send, or open emails if I’m not clocked in. I’m an hourly employee just to let you guys know. Is this an actual thing? Do I have to be clocked in to discuss the schedule changes with my boss? I thought I could just call and discuss work related things as long as I’m not actually doing my job duties. Since he said I’m not supposed to be checking emails or calling the work line to discuss work related things am I potentially creating legal risk for the company by doing what I’ve been doing when I’m not clocked in?  IMHO they're just taking a belt and suspenders approach to avoiding a wage claim. Could be they got hit recently. I just told Roberts1 this but I get what you’re saying and it makes complete sense. I appreciate you following up!  Okay that makes sense. I appreciate you following up! Thank you!  It's a minor issue and the boss just wants to make sure you get paid. It's a complication for sure. It's certainly not illegal for him to request that you communicate work related issues on work time. He's just covering himself.  I was about to say the same thing. I've been apart of negotiating this exact issue, and it's never an issue unless, as u/nerdcrush stated, that it was required.  He could certainly refuse to discuss it with you until you are being paid, yes. He may not have to but it could be his policy to avoid issues.  Haha I’m on here once in a while and yeah I’m definitely grateful that my boss is pretty by the books but I’m still curious if he has to pay me for me calling to discuss my scheduling? I’m just nervous about this whole thing cause this schedule change was going to make my personal life a lot easier.  Hey Crush, I appreciate the feedback. I just wanted to clarify, what you said even includes me talking about schedule changes right?  Fair, but after my former employer got sued for making people log in before they clocked in they got really hardcore about employees not doing anything work related without being clocked in. So I figured maybe OP's employer experienced something similar. Discussing a schedule seems like it could fall under work or a work meeting.  Hate to disagree with a fellow common poster, but this isn't necessarily the case. "Checking emails" when you are at home and responding isn't necessarily work related. I think OP's boss is trying to cover themselves, but I've certainly seen enough instances where an employee checking e-mail outside of work hours isn't deemed "work" He’s being a hellova stickler, but yeah Crush speaks truth Sounds like a wicked cool boss, to be honest. Your personal time is your personal time. There's no reason to be concerned with work when you aren't working. We get posts on here daily about employers trying to get employee's to work off the clock, while yours just wants to pay you while you are engaging in work related issues. Trust me, spend enough time here and you'll agree your boss is a gem.  Yeah. He has to pay you for every minute you spend doing work. If you are logging in to check work e-mails and take time to reply to them, he should be paying you for that time. Even if you are doing it voluntarily. 