 As the title says I was recently fired from my job. For a little background on my role with the company, I was a traveling technician for walk-through metal detectors, the kind you'd see at airports. Normally this job consists of contracting with a customer setting an appointment for installation and proving training at the time. Friday I had a job in which I traveled 50 miles to just that. After the installation me and my coworker (bosses son who I swear has it out for me) went to grab lunch. As the area we were at was downtown chicago I had a friend who lived in chicago whose house we could park at then just uber to where we needed to go. None of this was discussed with my boss beforehand though which is the biggest mistake on my part. I decided to invite my buddy out to lunch with us. After we ate which only consisted of an hour max my buddy noticed he forgot his money at home. I proceeded to use the company card as I always had everytime i go out to lunch on work trips for all 3 of us with the agreement that my buddy would pay me back his portion of the bill ~30$ I've done similar things where I use the company card and just pay my boss back, including a vacation to California in which I put ~900$ on the company card for my wife and I. Noting how late it was getting and how bad the traffic the area around there had we decided to go back to work right after that instead of me taking care of a personal matter which I had the permission to do. Upon returning to work and discussing with my boss what happened he lost his composure when he was told by his son what we did: installation, parked at friends house, got a bite to eat and returned. He proceeding to take my company card away even after I explained the situation and gave him the 30$ which was my friends portion of the bill. He then told me I was really pissing him off and he doesn't trust me any longer. Forward to the next day, I wake up and immediately call as that's what he requested I do the next day. He proceeded to tell me he can longer trust me and that we should part ways. I'm a great guy yadda yadda yadda and hes going to have a hard time replacing me. I was already looking for a new job as I ran a whole side of the business and was not compensated well enough as well as no one at my work was paid overtime wages even when working 50+ hour weeks. It was a family owned company with some shady stuff happening every day The last time an employee tried collecting unemployment they fought it so hard the employee was unable to collect. I was wondering based on the above information if I had basis for unemployment? TLDR: got fired for using company card to pay for friends meal. Can I collect unemployment? Any other questions feel free to ask. Edit: As a side note my boss went through my personal email on my work computer and found I was looking for a new job. Then proceeded to ask people if they knew and whether I was trying to get fired, which I wasn't. When I tried looking for a new job over a year ago and told my boss he wanted me to hire my replacement before I even started applying places, hence the reason this was kept quiet. 