 In august, I (22M) was pulled over around 1am for a rolling stop at a stop sign in a dead intersection. The officer smelled marijuana and asked if I had smoked that night. Knowing I was screwed, I told him yes and he asked me to step out of the vehicle. We proceed into a sobriety test, which I did well on according to his statement of "you don't seem very impaired but we are going to the hospital to take a blood test." I was politely cuffed, placed into his car, and was questioned. Ended up telling him where my 2 grams were and where my pipe was. Yesterday, after three months, I finally got my lab results back and it tested positive for around 7 ng/mL delta-9 THC (active component), and no sign of ethanol (alcohol). My police officer step-dad says the fine is going to be big and that my license will be suspended. He suggests that I call the city attorney and try to plea for a reckless driving instead of an "operating with a restricted controlled substance." I have a clean record, I am a student (senior in college) and have stayed out of trouble, so much as to where I wont even consider driving after having more than a beer. How should I approach this? My plan was to attempt to get the charges lowered, although that seems unlikely. I will probably just own up to it and hope I can get a job after I graduate where I am legally allowed to drive. Thank you. Ordinance violation for the weed is even more likely to be dismissed in exchange for pleading to the OWI than a misdemeanor. That'll save you a few hundred dollars. Good luck! Outagamie county, first OWI, and it was an ordinance violation. Most of what you said is what my stepdad told me. License suspension, alcohol/drug classes, the works. Thank you for your feedback. Not your lawyer. Which County? First OWI? Did they arrest you for misdemeanor possession of thc or give you a county ordinance violation? In Wisconsin the first OWI offense is not a criminal matter, it's a citation. For a first offense that's drug based instead of alcohol, you're looking at 937.50 in fines plus 6 month license revocation, drivers safety course and alcohol/drug treatment assessment. If you plan to contest it, you'll enter a written not guilty plea and the matter will be set for pretrial conference, which is just a meeting with the prosecuting attorney to discuss whether he'll cut you a break. There are pretty strict guidelines for OWI, so it's likely the best he can do is lower the fines. And for first offense the minimum fine is 811.50, so that's the best he'll likely offer. You probably can't avoid taking the points on your drivers license, though. As for the weed, it really depends on the county and the specific prosecutor. Ask that they dismiss the weed charge in exchange for a guilty plea on the OWI instead of a reduction in fines.