 So I usually work somewhere between 60-70 hours a week, normally 5 days in office, and on call throughout the weekend (my on call hours aren't calculated in my 60-70 hours previously mentioned). The past month I've been physically working on Sunday somewhere between 5-6 hours on Sunday evenings (I log all of my hours even though I am salaried). This week I had mentioned to our HR manager that I intended to not come in this Friday since I've been working on Sundays. He then mentioned to me that I can't trade days for my work week and I'd need to submit a PTO or sick day. I find this odd as I personally work very long hours and weeks and I am also the manager of my department. It seems as though it's a discretionary topic but I have a feeling this isn't fully correct. As an exempt employee and operational manager, I would feel as though I have scheduling flexibility in my personal work schedule to accommodate needs within the department. There are needs on Sundays currently and I usually work Sunday-Saturday anyway, however wanting to trade working on Sunday for not working on Black Friday, when there is no immediate need for additional staffing, seems ridiculous. If I do not come in on Friday, does the company have legal precedence to dock my salary pay for not showing up, even though I will have close to 40 hours by the end of the day on Wednesday? It’s the job and it’s responsibilities that determine whether it is exempt or non-exempt. There is a test/series of criteria designed by the FLSA (Fair Labor Standards Act) that must be applied. So, the only way to go hourly is to take another position, which would very likely be a demotion. Depending on how many hours you worked, it could be a wash or a slight raise. I have seen hourly people refuse a promotion to a salaried position because it would ironically lead to less money. Lots of people on salary work more than 40 hours per week on a regular basis. It’s a joke that after working so many hours a week, you are volunteering. Edit: Grammar  's take this a step further - If I were to argue this situation under the pretense of exploiting my exempt status by having me work 7 days a week and make my self available 24/7, does that run the risk of anything, and can I request to be placed by on non-exempt status to be compensated for all of my hours worked/overtime?  I know you feel you should have some leeway/flexibility in your schedule due to your position; I still highly recommend speaking to your immediate supervisor. No matter what your position, leaving without your supervisor’s approval doesn’t usually go over well. If you already mentioned you spoke to them, I missed that part. Hope it all goes well for you.  Yeah it seems as though he’s sticking to the script. I’ll show up for an hour on Friday and leave. Best to make all parties happy. What you are wanting is called “comp time”, wherein an exempt (salaried) employee is given time off on exchange for working outside of their normal work hours. Unless your company explicitly states that they offer this, then it’s completely discretionary. Have you spoken with your immediate supervisor? That person is the only one who can designate/approve/authorize comp time. HR sounds like they are just quoting the handbook.   If Friday is a normal work day, and Sunday is "optional," you can be required to use PTO to miss a workday, of course. It's shitty, but legal. Also, keep in mind, since CA is an at-will state (barring an employment contract stating otherwise) you can absolutely be fired for just not showing up to work. 