 My friend Bob has a cash heavy business. He does not always desposit his cash into his bank account because it gets tedious to constantly make trips to his branch so he keeps his money in his safe- but he always reports his income and normally has a professional to help him keep track of everything monthly. Last year, he decided he'd keep track his expenses on his own. Bob got really high last month and remembered that he forgot to file taxes for 2017 and assumes that in his high induced paranoid state, rushed to get his taxes done (hilarious I know). For 2017, he used H R Block to file last minute (again, a month ago). He knows this because the next day he found his tax return in his car with an excel sheet (with the same format he'd used in past years) of his expenses and income...however the numbers were vastly inaccurate, specifically he accidentally claimed he made waaaay more than he actually makes. Like over 500k more and he's pretty sure his expenses were not accurate either. He found out he now owes 300k in taxes (due to his high income an him being self-employed ) and freaked out. Did he accidentally commit a felony? Or is this not a big deal as long as he fixes his mistake with his accountant? Is this even a big deal: can't he just say that his income really is what he claimed since it's just a cash business and he did not deposit all of it? How would the IRS prove this? No. I wouldn't do anything without speaking with a tax attorney first. As I said in the last comment, if he just pays the 300k, that could trigger other problems down the line. He's gone way past just taking the easy solution and letting this blow over. He needs professional legal advice before he screws up his life even more. So could he just pay the 300k and if he gets audited then hire an attorney and fix the returns? It sounds like if he tries to fix his mistake now he will definitely be audited. He is getting clean and just wants to pay the money and hire the guy who used to keep up with his monthly finances back so that this can't happen again. Well, I don't know many people who will willingly pay 300k when they don't absolutely have to. And I'm going to say the following only with the disclaimer that I'm not an attorney: sure, while it does seem like if he's willing to throw away 300k that might be the easiest way to get rid of the problem, he should probably consult with a tax attorney before taking that way out. He doesn't want to end up looking like he's trying to launder money or something down the line, so professional legal help is definitely warranted at this point. Personally, if I were him, I wouldn't tell the auditor anything without an attorney at my side, or at least not before speaking to one. This cash-only thing could just be a mistake, or it could look like money laundering, which is going to be a bigger problem, legally speaking, than messing up your taxes. So shouldn't he just pay the 300k? It's possible he really Did make that much since most of his business is cash And what should he tell the auditor? "I got high and wasn't paying attention"?  Couldn't the IRS claim he DID lie on purpose though? How would he prove it wasn't? People mess up their taxes and file amendments all the time. Bob sounds paranoid yet. Bob should file a corrected return.  He did not lie on purpose - he didn't WANT to pay more in taxes. I asked him and he said he has no idea, he barely remembers that entire day. I think the police would be more interested in prosecuting this as a felony if he had underreported his income by 500k, not overreported it. His real problem is going to be convincing the IRS that he really did overreport (because really, it's hard to believe anyone doing that) and that therefore he does not owe all of the taxes they think he does. This is an audit waiting to happen. Best of luck to druggie Bob. But you've suggested he doesnt even remember doing them? Did he purposefully lie? He needs to just say he messed up and filled them out incorrectly and file an amendment. Oh, and stop driving high. I thought lying on tax documents was a felony? You’re still high now, aren’t you? Go. To. A. CPA.  A felony charge for what? Right, he's planning on just paying them the 300k but he's scarred to file an amendment if it still means a felony. Its "hilarious" that Bob got into a car so high he doesnt remember and drove to H R Block? I would have used a different descriptor... Yeah but if he corrects it, will he still most likely face a felony charge? The IRS just wants its money. Just talk to a CPA and get less high.  H R Block is not responsible for a return that’s based off inaccurate information. He can correct this. With a COA and amended returns.  Is it likely that this is a felony though? Or just a mistake that he can correct without his life being ruined?  He went to H R block and filed with them. Is it likely that this is a felony though? Or just a mistake that he can correct without his life being ruined?  He needs to contact the IRS and ask for a chance to refile accurately. If they agree, he needs to go through a professional to do it, not do it himself. If they won’t, he needs to consult with a tax attorney to find out what can be done to correct these mistakes. Bob needs to take some of they money he spends getting really high and hire a CPA to file amended returns for him. Bob should not try to play “eh they probably don’t know” with the IRS. As they very likely do. 