 On January 26th, while I was at work I received a few texts from my roomate saying he let my dog out but she wouldn’t come back in. He then left our house to go somewhere, leaving her outside. I asked my girlfriend to go to my house and catch the dog and let her back inside. She got to the house about 20-30 minutes later and the dog had vanished. We spent days looking for our runaway dog. Hundreds of dollars on flyers and services that are supposed to help find dogs. There were absolutely no sightings anywhere. He barely offered to help me look for my dog that he supposedly lost and nor did he help pay for anything. I was on my own looking for my dog. This is why I was suspicious of my room mate. His sister came up to visit the day before my dog went missing and left the day of. On Saturday my ex-cop uncle dug up some addresses of the sister and went to the house and talked to the father and mother. They confirmed that she recently got a new Dog that she was “taking care of for an older gentleman until he passed away, in which he would turn the dog over to her permanently” My uncle came back to the house yesterday and got a picture of the sister and it was indeed my dog. I gathered all the information I had proving the dog in the picture was mine including pictures and videos of my own and vet records. My dog has not been microchipped or spayed. I took the information to the sheriffs department and filed a police report for a stolen dog yesterday around 6 Pm. The sheriff believed me and took my roomates number and told him and his sister that if the dog was not in the sheriffs office by 9:30 pm, they would be looking at felonies “today” They brought the dog sure enough, she appeared to have had her nose scraped against concrete or something else. Here is the story that was given the police. The room mate told them that I was abusive and neglectful to my dog. Leaving it in a kennel for over 24 hours at a time and physically hurting her. Which is their explanation as to why she was scraped along her nose. She had been missing for 11 days before I got her back. The harm had obviously been done to her in between the time they stole her and returned her. So here’s where we currently are. I have my dog back, I took her to the vet today and made sure she was fully okay. Vet confirmed that the damage to her nose was recent and that it hadn’t been there when I took her to the vet last. The last vet appointment was on the 23rd of January. 3 days before she was stolen. They are hoping to get out of the criminal charges by saying I was neglectful and abusive towards my dog and that they were doing the right thing. Yet my dog was returned to me in a worse condition than she left. I have photo evidence of her well being of the days up to her being stolen and I have the photos that were taken of the sister and the dog on around January 30th. Completely healthy in all of them. So the injuries to my dog had to be in the past couple days. So what I need to know is if it’s even worth it to try and pursue criminal charges. The roommate is currently in college as a senior and set to graduate in May. He will do or say anything to get himself out of criminal charges. The sister is also in college to attempt to be an airplane engineer. If either receive felonies, they will be expelled from the respected colleges. Should I press charges against my roommate and his sister? If so what are my options and do I have a good enough case? They brought the dog back and admitted to taking it. Which sounds like a confession to Larceny of dog to me. I would like them to pay back all the time that I have spent searching for a dog that was stolen as well as the money I spent to let everyone know the dog was missing. I spent an estimated $250 dollars minimum as well as 40 hours minimum searching for the dog on my own whether or be driving around or searching the woods. I’ll answer additional questions as well It's not about the money... It's about how they stole your LOVE from you and lied trying to get false charges on you. Anything could have happened to your dog while in their stolen possession and the hurt nose is proof. I hope you follow up on charges so this can follow them through their life. People can not think they can steal a dog because they don't want to go buy one. Good luck. Get the costs of that TV reimbursed via damages too. As you said in your update, you could easily put a felony on them both. They’re either gonna pay the full amount or pay for the rest of their lives with that hanging over their records. I would get pupper chipped. It may help your anxiety to know that you have proof pupper is yours. Wow, I can't believe this post. Please pursue charges for responsible, loving dog owners everywhere. Please post updates!  I'm not a dog owner, and please for the love of god do not follow my advice, because it is wildly illegal. If someone took my cat, there would be bodies. Bound, gagged, and found in the remnants of a burned down house. Im so happyntpbhear you got your dog back. I had my dog stolen about 6 years ago. And I figured out who it was. But couldnt do anything about it because they lived in a different state. It was awful. Well I can’t necessarily prove the tv is mine so I’m not gonna fight him on it. I helped pay for a big tv at the begging of last semester in return for the smaller tv he used to have to put in my room. I handed him cash, no record of transaction as he purchased the new one. It’s no big deal to me.  She’s set to get her microchip when I get her spayed. I completely understand where you’re coming from though. It’s a good safety net. However it’s only useful if they plan to take it to a vet. Some people aren’t that nice to their pets. The reason i was able to claim her as mine was because she had a prominent hernia recorded in her vet records and we had pictures of her.  After this whole event did you get your pet microchipped? Not to sound like an ass but it's good to have them mircochip because by law. Pets are property of the owner. I seen a dog stolen video, case and all. Woman and random guy broke into family's home and stole their dog. shaveds its fur so it's unrecognizable. Having dealt with terrible roommates before, sorry they put you through this. Stealing your TV is not something I'd consider allowing as a consolation prize for failing to steal your dog. You said you have pictures. Those are evidence. The vet might also help. Drag the fuckers to court for stealing your dog and hurting her.  They turned your life inside out, time to return the favor Mentioned the TV to your lawyer. It's one more piece of ammo he can use against them. DO IT For the love of dogs everywhere please do it. Your roommate will just do the same or something equally shitty to someone elses dog or loved one. IANAL but I can't see how the roommate would win any case against him. If they are willing to screw you over this way, they deserve to be punished. Charge them. My dog is my best friend and family. Also people who abuse their pets don’t go and look for them or waste 250$ or take them to the vet for fear of getting in trouble for mistreating an animal. Honestly I hope they get jail time not just kicked out of school. Go at them with everything you have you obviously care for your dog. Also did they ever give you a real reason  IF we’re strictly talking law here it doesn’t matter at all how you treat the dog. If you were a total psycho who beat the dog, barely fed it, and and locked it outside to sleep your roommate and his sister still can’t just take it from you themselves. They’d have to call animal control or something. In the eyes of the law (not in my eyes FYI, I love my dogs, they’re both crowding up my bed as I type this) the dog is property, specifically your property, which they stole. If you can prove you own the dog, prove it has value (money spent buying/adopting it, training it, vaccinating it, licensing it and so forth), and prove they stole it, then they’re guilty of stealing from you whatever dollar value can be established for your dog. Make sure you provide updates when they are convicted please.  That's like kidnapping your kid. Pets are family. And they tried to turn it around on you and get you in trouble for animal abuse. Yes, do everything in your power to make them pay for this. This seems like a pretty open and shut case. They stole your dog, lied about it, hurt the dog, and you have plenty of proof to convict them of criminal charges. It all depends on what you personally want to do. Being the vindictive person I am when it comes to messing with my pets, I would personally pursue charges and receive justice for the emotional duress it put both you and your dog under, as well as wasting you, your girlfriend, and your uncle's time and resources. On an unrelated note; please please please spay and microchip your dog. In the chance that if your dog ever does run out of the house. Bitches in heat are especially prone to running off in order to find a mate. I would persue criminal charges. Its disgusting that they stole your dog. If anyone stole my dog i would be out for justice. They broke the law. They knew what they were doing was wrong. Whats to stop them doing it again to someone else. Im no lawyer but i feel like you've got a good case. You've got pictures of the dog being in good health days before they stole her so they cant say they were saving her if shes cleaely healthy. Maybe talk to the police about your concerns and ask about evidence. Keep your vet receipts, especially the ones before and after the dog was stolen. The fact that you take the dog to the vet shows that your a responsible dog owner. You meantioned that the vet said the injuries happened while your dog was with the sister.....i would talk to the vet about the situation and tell them you would like a written statement declaring that the dog has been healthy and cared for in your care and doesnt appear to be abused. (Also get her microchipped asap). Also keep your messages where you asked your roommate to let the dog out and the ones to your gf about looking for it. Also, maybe worth holding onto the reciepts and stuff for the flyers and services you used to help find your doggo. It shows that you love the dog and are concerned for her. Also evidence against your housemate. I hope your roommate is now an ex-roommate.  You are entitled to copies of the records from vet visits, fyi. You said the last exam/visit was 3 days prior to her being stolen. I would ask for a copy of the notes from this visit--any significant abrasions would have been noted, and if they weren't there it should pretty much state that everything was normal and she appeared healthy. That would be good documentation to have.  Is that guy still your Roommate? If so, are either of you moving out? I’d be worried that he’d pull this crap again. It’s time to lawyer up and go for felonies. Definitely press charges on those assholes. Let's forget for two seconds that they stole a dog. They literally stole "something" because they liked it and wanted it. That's like seeing an unlocked car on the side of the road and saying "I like that. I'm going to take it!" But with a dog. These people are complete pricks and deserve to have their lives ruined.  Pursue the charges. You have what they don't: evidence. You also have a licensed veterinarian who I'm sure would be more than happy to testify against the actual perpetrator of the animal abuse. Going criminal means you may or may not get your $250 back, but it means these people might do time for what they did. Actions have consequences. It might be harsh, and it sucks that they'll get expelled, but they should have thought of that before committing the crime of stealing your property (I know he's more than that but the government says your dog is property), then committing the crime of animal abuse, then committing the crime of obstruction of justice (lying to an officer to throw off an investigation). When one thinks about everything the perpetrators did as a series of felonious and abusive acts towards a living being, it becomes easy to remove them from important positions in society. NAL but you are dealing with narcissists - and narcissists need to be removed from society before they inflict themselves on other innocent people. Throw the book at them. They stole your dog and then slandered you to the police! Fuck those people, go full scorched Earth on them. Press charges and sue them for any expenses you have incurred like the vet bill to have it's nose checked out, flyers printed, and any other damages you can think of. I would also consider reporting it to the landlord to either get out of the lease or get your roommate removed from the lease. I know I wouldn't be able to live with someone peacefully if they hurt my dog. Press charges to both of them.. dont worry about the consequences they will have to face that's not on you.. dont forget the thoughts and feelings you had while spending all the time searching for your dog.. as a dog owner I can't even imagine what my dog would be going through if somebody kidnapped her.. nothing justifies what they did  And from what op said it sounds like they hurt the dog after being told to return it. Anyone who can willingly hurt a dog to try to avoid trouble or to spite someone deserves the worst consequences available. I agree with this. If anyone did anything to my two dogs I would make the 6:00 news and not in a good way.  Facts: stole dog Hurt dog Admitted to above Paper trail covering all this. Damages incurred Result: open shut. Talk to an attorney, yesterday I'd bring up the fact that she lied to her parents about how she got the dog as further proof that they are full of shit. If they claim it due to abuse, then why make up some elderly sad story? You seem like a quality human being. Your pup is incredibly lucky to have you, and so are the police because in this situation, though it may seem overkill to push/fully participate in the investigation, they are the ones that chose this path, against someone (yourself) pretty clearly beyond reproach. They have gone so far as to point the finger at you being a terrible person as means of escaping being held accountable for their actions. It's not your responsibility to ensure such punishment, but with these two probably never having been held accountable, try to think about the positive impact that could come of this. You're not doing this to them, they've done it to themselves, and deserve to be properly punished.  I honestly care about my dogs more than some people. I had my dog stolen and I never got him back and I wish I had the opportunity just to see my dog again, but if I did find him they damn sure would’ve paid for it. Just think if you didn’t get suspicious you would’ve never known and that scumbag of a roommate would’ve known YOUR dog that you’re desperately trying to find is with his sister. There’s nothing lower than that. They really tried to fuck with you and that’s not right.  He obviously doesn't care about you at all, seems like you should pay him the same kindness.  You sound like a kind person because I wouldn't hesitate to press charges if someone stole my dog. I'm glad you got her back. If anything, think about following through with the charges because of the stress that they put on your sweet girl.  When I took her to the vet today they said she was perfectly fine and in good health. I can try to get a signed document stating whether or not they believe I deserve the dog and take ample care of it.  We were told by the sheriff that it would a long and winding project trying to convict them but if we wanted to press charges then they would go through with it. The sister knew the dog was stolen because she knew the dog was mine. She physically took the dog from our house. However we can’t necessarily prove who exactly took it. The only thing that can be proved with out a doubt is they admitted to taking it and that she was in possession of the dog.   Could try and have your vet make a signed notarized statement saying the dog isn't suffering from any sort of abuse.  First thing to do would be to follow up with the sheriff's office regarding the charges. If they do not pursue charges for some reason, NC is one of only a handful of states that permit citizen-initiated criminal processes. You would need to complete a written affidavit and swear to it in front of a magistrate and provide corroborating evidence. Take the reports from your vet, write out a statement and bring the reports to the magistrate in the county the crime took place in. They may issue a warrant, but due to legislation passed in 2017 are more likely to issue a criminal summons. What you have described is actually at least two felonies. Your roommate probably committed larceny of a dog, which is a Class I Felony. If there is evidence that woul show that the sister knew, or should have known, that dog was stolen, she probably committed the crime of Receiving Stolen Goods, a Class H Felony. I do not see anything that would meet the elements of a cruelty to animals charge here.  Thank you, I would never do anything to hurt or abuse my own dog. I did everything I could to get her back and now they’re trying to get out of the charges by saying I don’t deserve her. Even though they admitted to stealing her, Which is a felony.  That’s my opinion too. I want to get them with as much as I can. I’ve known the room mate for over four years. He’s always been a shady individual to me but I never thought he would do something like this to me. But just saying that’s not going to hold up in court. They want facts. 