 Hello everyone, here's my situation: On the 17th (Sa before thanksgiving) I went to a used car dealer in Fremont, CA. The car I was intrested in and finall bought is a 2001 BMW 7 series, not a bad car per se. At first, everything seemed fine, but upon closer inspection, I realized that the trunk won't close and that the driver's seat wasn't moving (the electronics didn't work). Approching the dealer with those facts he said that "the trunk was damaged earlier today by another customer" and that he "forgot to mention the not properly working driver's seat". Both should have been red flags for me - but they weren't. Other than that, the dealer assured me, everything is fine and safe and that they checked the car thoroughly for any problems and that they didn't find anything. Those two necessary repairs in mind I was able to get a discount on the car, leading to a total of 2k $ including tax and registration. Leaving the car dealer, everything seemed fine and my local repair shop was able to fix both issues rather quick and cheap. The problems started the next weekend, when I took the car on a weekend trip. On the way back, pretty much one week after I bought it, the steering felt off. Thus, I took it to my repair shop and he told me, that the pressure hose was broken and that the repairs would be around 500 $. But - and that is the real problems began - he also told me, that not only the problem was certainly there when I bought the car, moreover, the lower control arms are worn out and need to be replaced soon; another at least 500 $. Finally, he gave me the tip to go talk to my dealer and ask them what we can do about that situation, as he (the dealer) is required by law (?) to mention any problems with the car regarding the safety of said vehicle. A lot not so friendly phone calls later, the dealer was able to find me a cheap repair shop next to him - what a coincident - but denied any problems with the control arms and that the vehicle was safe to drive. Moreover, he denied the independence of my repair shop, as the repair shop only wants to sell his repairs. Arriving at his repair shop, I told the mechanic to take a look at the control arms. Upon picking the car up, the mechanic told me, that the lower control arms are in fact worn out and need to be replaced soon, as well as the front brakes. While I don't have a quote yet for the repairs, it seems like those will be in total another 500 - 1000 $. Moreover, he also told me, that those problems are there for more than one week, and that the dealer should have been able to see those issues upon inspection. Thus, I don't believe he really checked the car before selling it to me. Now my question: is there really a law, regarding the safety issues of buying a used car? And what's about this 30-day/1000 miles warranty everybody gets while buying a used car (which I wasn't offered)? Finally, what would be the next step for me? I thought about filing a complaint at the small court, but I'm not sure yet. Any input is appreciated! PS: as you probably guessed by now, English isn't my mother's tongue and I am only here temporarily with a visa. Never buy a 7 series over 5 years old. Always get a used car checked out by a competent mechanic.  There are laws that govern the safety of used cars, but I don't believe they extend to the problems you're discussing. You can find a suggested checklist here: [http://www.iadac.org/uploads/dynamic\_areas/jXwLGzxP3DALFJs4ogp8/31/Safety\_Checklist.pdf](http://www.iadac.org/uploads/dynamic_areas/jXwLGzxP3DALFJs4ogp8/31/Safety_Checklist.pdf) ...though I don't know how much that reflects actual law. As long as your car has working lights and steering that at least worked when you bought it, it was probably legal from that regard. Now, as regards this 30-day warranty. There is such a law, but as far as I can tell it is poorly understood and enforced. And it depends on whether the dealership qualifies as a certain kind, but it's not clear to me how you determine if your dealership qualifies or not: [http://thelemonlawcalifornia.com/lemon-law-2/do-car-dealers-have-to-offer-warranties/](http://thelemonlawcalifornia.com/lemon-law-2/do-car-dealers-have-to-offer-warranties/) So the answer is ... maybe? But I'll be honest, if it comes to legal measures I don't think it will be worth it for you. This is a 17-year-old car that you purchased for $2k, and specifically a car well-known for high repair costs. If you can get it back in shape for $1000, dude, you're in great shape. If the dealership chips in, even better. But if you want a cheap reliable car you should not be buying Bimmers.  The onus was on you to have the car inspected prior to purchase. Unfortunately it doesn't seem that you did that so, as far as I know, you have no recourse. 