 My ex and I have been living together for roughly 5-6 years. We have 2 kids together and she has a kid from another relationship. These past 5 years have been a lot of ups and downs. And we’ve really hit a low point now that I need some advice as to my next turn. We recently moved from California to my parents house in Texas. We lost our house as she is not currently working and is refusing to find another job. She just wants me to find better work and stay home all day with our youngest 2 year old daughter. Her lack of wanting to work and the problems our relationship has had in the past is putting a strain on everyone. My parents allowed us to move in with them as a temporary situation until we get back on our feet. At this point I really just want the relationship with her to be over and have her move out to her moms place in New York and be done with it. But that would mean putting her and her daughter out. And then I would have to worry about securing custody of my 2 young daughters (2 and 4) at the same time. With her living at home what are my options? I’ve tried breaking it off and telling her to move out multiple times to no avail. My parents want her out by March of next year. I’m completely lost as to what I need to do. Get a lawyer behind her back and see my options then proceed to getting her out to her moms? Split my tax return and tell her to kick rocks? Being that children are involved idk what to do. tl;dr I need my ex out of my place and idk how to do it without making a mess of a custody battle. What are my options? Easier than evicting her might be to pay for her to move to her parent's place in New York. Pay for her ticket, pay for professional movers to come. Trust me, sometimes the cheapest way to pay for something is with money. Here’s the link to ensure you follow all laws regards eviction. If you do this improperly, you have to start from the beginning. http://texastenant.org/eviction.html In order to make her leave, she will need to be legally evicted. This means properly serving her with paperwork. For custody, you need to hire a family attorney. You may be able to find an attorney that can aid with both the custody issues and eviction, but you MUST follow proper eviction rules in your state to make her leave.