 Back in June of this year, I moved out of my former apartment. I emailed notice of my intent to move thirty days beforehand, as they requested, but the property had changed owners since I first moved in, and I sent it to the old email address by mistake. I went and explained this to the office, and they said it was fine so long as I could forward them the email with the timestamp. I did so, and got an email back confirming that we were good and I owed no money. Two months later, in August, I began receiving harassing phone calls while at work from a debt collection agency claiming that I owed roughly $1100 because of Insufficient Notice. I got in contact with my old apartment, confirmed again that I owed no money, and ask them to contact in the debt collection agency to tell them to stop. I have another email from the complex dated to that day stating that everything was fine and this was to be taken out of collections. The agency did get me to pay about $300 before this, for final utility bills. I didn't think about it again until 2 weeks ago, when I got another harassing phone call while at work. The lady from the agency would not get off the phone for nearly 40 minutes, saying they had never been contacted and I owed $792. She was incredibly aggressive and condescending, threatened that this would ruin my credit numerous times, and refused to let me get off the phone to contact my old apartment. I convinced them to wait until the end of the month, immediately called my old apartment, and got confirmation that I was in the clear. The apartment said they would contact the debt collection agency again. This morning, the debt collection agency called me to tell me they attempted to withdraw their $792 from the car they had on file from when I paid them before, but had been denied due to insufficient funds- for unrelated reasons visible in my post history, I'm fucking broke and my life is falling apart. Again they refuse to let me contact my apartment, stating they had validated the debt with the complex. I left a message with my old complex again first thing this morning but have not heard back. I don't know what to do. I don't have this money. I have almost no money. And I don't owe this, as near as I can tell. I have that in writing twice over. But these calls are going to keep happening, and it's going to impact my credit, which is a problem right now when I'm trying to find a place to live. You don't need a lawyer for small claims court. In Oregon you can sue up to $10,000 in small claims. I would wait until they call you again. Then make sure you get all their information, including the names of all the people you speak with. Yeah, if I can muster the money for a lawyer. That and the five phone calls, two of them at work, plus the lack of notice and my copies of the emails from the apartments stating I'm in the clear should be pretty damning. Follow up question. They haven't contacted me again since they called this morning for a second time and I didn't pick up, which was before I wrote this post and got this advice. Should I try to reach out to them to tell them not to contact me again, or wait until they try me again? Ah, I missed that bit. I'd consider suing them in small claims to get that money back if you didn't legitimately owe it to them.  No, they got it from me when I agreed to pay the $300 for utilities mentioned in my post. I realize now I probably shouldn't have agreed to that but I was scared and just starting a new job so I did what I thought I had to do. Idiot move, I know, but I was panicking. You're in luck, then. Much stricter regulations apply to third party collection agencies. As I said before, it seems like there are some violations of the FDCPA already and there may be more to come. Make sure you have the official name of the company, their address and phone number. Dispute the debt in writing and inform them that they are no longer to contact you via telephone. One question. Why would a third party collection agency have your debit card number? Did the property company give it to them. That's...bad. Third party, according to the collectors themselves when they first called me. I think so. Doesn't hurt to try. Also, it's important to know who these people are that are contacting you. Are they a third party collection agency or are they part of the property management company for your complex, because different rules apply.  Sorry I missed that. They tried to, and got the Insufficient Funds notice I mentioned in my post. I never got a written notice, and they are calling me at work, so that"s something. I've cancelled the card they have data for, and I've written down all five times they've called me. Can I still dispute even though the first call was in August? The don’t have the info and/or permission to charge your card or they would have charged it already. If they're attempting to charge your card without your permission, file a complaint with your bank. Also, request a new card so they can't try that again. Also, be aware of your rights under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. Right now what you should do is dispute the debt in writing Note that if the debt collector violates the FDCPA they are liable for $1000 in statutory damages for each violation. You can sue them for this in small claims court. There are also attorneys who specialize in this kind of suit. Keep a log of all contacts with the debt collector. edit Oregon also has some good laws protecting their citizens from shady, debt collection practices.  Contact your bank and ask them how to withdraw an authorization to charge a debit card and considering asking them to issue a new one to you.  Send them a letter requesting written verification of the debt. I know they stated they verified the debt, but you deserve to see it in writing. Do this via certified mail. I wouldn't be so quick to dismiss this as scam vs a mistake originally by the apartment and then an unethical company trying to collect the debt. I would stay on top of it. Additionally, I would continue to reach out to the apartment complex each and every time you are contacted by the debt collector. You might want to familiarize yourself with the FDCPA for an understanding of what debt collectors can and cannot do and say. Also, just hang up on them or tell them not to call you at work. At this point, all you have to say is that you have requested written verification of the debt and until you receive that there is no reason to speak to them.  I guess I was worried about pissing off people who have the info to charge my debit card. If they were legit they'd send you the notice in the mail. Sounds like a scam to me. You don't need someone's permission to hang up on them or call someone. I suggest you stand a little stronger next time and not take their shit. Just hang up on them. Scams, dony worry about it. Been getting calls from them all month. 