 I did not sign [the letter]( ) at all or acknowledge that I received it-- is the lease still legally binding? It says, in part, "If this form is not signed and returned within 14 days of receipt, your rental rate will be increased to the new rate on 5/1/2018 and continue for an additional one year term." A few notes: -Prior to this letter I was month-to-month. -I have been paying the increased rent since I received the letter. -Letter was not sent certified mail or notarized, etc. I need to move out before 5/1/19, and before I call them I'd like to know if I even have grounds to argue. The lease (which I signed when the previous owners owned it) says to give a 30-day notice, and I’ll be giving them 60 as a courtesy, unless that’s not advisable. I’ve always paid on time and consider myself to be a good tenant, so I’ll call and talk to them and see what happens. not my lease. I was just commenting. That's my reading of it as well. NAL though. But definitely talk to your landlord or management company or whomever to be sure. We must've been typing at the same time. Edited. I'm confident that is also the case here. Look at your lease. The Month-to-Month agreement you signed. There's most likely a notice to terminate section that stipulates that they have to give you a notice that is more than 3 days. If they want to be dicks about it and not work with you, you've got at least a month. The key thing here is to talk to them. Explain your situation. If you've been a good tenant, I'd absolutely cut you a lease for the specific term you need. It's a change of ownership and they're implementing new policies. It's not going to be ideal for everyone in the building. Reasonable landlords will work with you, because that eases the transition on them as well. As a landlord, Month to month renters are a pain in the ass and the first thing I'd do is get the building on year leases. That doesn't mean I'm evil or unreasonable. There are certainly evil and unreasonable landlords out there. If that's the case, then start packing, because you don't have any recourse if they terminate your Month-to-Month with proper notice. You're not holding any cards. Like I said, the convenience of Month to Month goes both ways. The one thing they cannot do is compel you into a Year Lease without your signature.  Wow. In Maryland you need to give the tenant 30 days notice if they are month-to-month. I read over it and noticed the difference in wording between the two sections. Hope this helps. Wait... you might be onto something here. Maybe I misinterpreted it. At the very least I can argue that this is vague wording. That's three days away. It says that if you do not sign, the new rate applies for one year. I do not see anything saying that you are committed to a one-year lease. It sounds like the new Owners are cancelling Month-to-Month leasing. Not uncommon, as Month to Month is a bit of a hassle as an owner. Talk to them. If they're reasonable, they'll cut you a lease for the term you need. They can't force you into a year lease without a signature. What they can do is evict you at the end of your current month with notice^edit. That's the thing about month to month. The flexibility goes both ways.  Yeah, it's either an error or they're forcing everyone to go month to month. Hopefully new management company is communicative and flexible. Good luck! Thanks! Everyone in the building received this notice when the building was sold and the new property management company took over (the letter is old- dated and received 3/31/18) I've been there for 5+ years; after the first year all tenants became month-to-month. Step one would be to talk to your landlord. It's possible that this was sent in error, or rather the portion of it that refers to a one year lease. Most tenants may be on one year leases. If they are in fact requiring that you move to a one year lease, you might be able to negotiate for another month to month. Basically, if you no longer want to live there you need to give notice according to the amount of advanced warning specified in your lease.