  Apologies in advance for the long post but my situation is surreal. In early November I decided to sell my 2017 Toyota Tacoma TRD -Off Road. My intention was to sell it privately to get the most money but I submitted a KBB valuation for an "Instant Cash Offer" just to see what I could get. I didn't supply the VIN # so they never gave me an official offer but sent the specs of the truck out to local dealerships. An hour or so later I get a call from a dealership stating that my truck is sought after on the used market and I should take it in for an official appraisal. He said I would be surprised how close they could get to what I wanted to get out of it (which I hadn't told him yet) I drove the truck up to the dealership with no expectation to sell it that day - I hadn't even cleaned it yet. He bought the truck from me for $33,000 on the spot (including all the accessories/add ons) . I couldn't believe it because that was high for a dealership- I didn't know how he would make money reselling it but honestly, it was to my benefit. He knew I wanted private party value because I explicitly told him that. We went back to the office , they drew up a "Buyer's Order" for $33k and we settled the deal. I had to get a ride home. I still had a lien on the truck with Toyota- I owed $28, 500. When drawing up the deal they asked me what the payoff amount was so I checked my account and told them. All of this is on the Buyer's Order, including the variance. They explained that to protect themselves, they'll send the full amount to Toyota, payoff the loan, get the title and Toyota would send me the variance. I was fine with that. The next week I called Toyota when the balance hadn't been paid off. They never received the check. I called the dealership and they told me they sent the check to the wrong location and needed the bank to put a stop on it and resend a another check to the correct location. They blamed Toyota for this mistake. The following week I checked with Toyota and my account had been closed except the check they received wasn't for $33,000 - it was for the payoff amount and not a penny more. Now I am getting angry so I call the dealership and they apologize and offer to draw me up a check to come pick up. At this point, I don't trust these guys at all so I call Toyota and ask them to send ME the title (and NOT the dealership) to protect myself. This is where it really gets crazy. I drive up there yesterday to get my check and they told me "there is a problem". They said all of this time they thought my truck was TRD Pro (this is a higher trim level) and not a TRD Off Road and that it was listed that way on the KBB "Instant Cash Offer"I submitted online. They literally blamed me for misrepresenting my truck's trim level online despite the fact that they appraised the truck in person!! Also, I didn't do that on KBB- I selected my actual trim level. Because of this, they would not pay me the agreed upon amount but would be "happy paying the loan off " and nothing more. I was absolutely livid!! The manager then tried to low ball me and said he would understand if I wanted to back completely out of the deal but I couldn't take the truck home today because they already paid off the loan and needed to keep it as collateral. They wouldn't give me back my truck despite backing out of the deal! I went and sat in my car and watched someone drive my truck off the lot- presumably to hide it from me!! I then left in a state of fury and called the dealership on the way home. I left a message saying that I believe Buyer's Order is a legally binding contract and they need to honor it. I haven't heard back since. My guess is they messed up. They thought it was a higher trim level and when they figured out it wasn't, they sent the lower amount to my bank. I don't know how this is possible because it says the trim level on the outside of the vehicle AND the Pro model has leather seats, etc.. How could they not know this? They appraised it in person and looked up the VIN#. The manager told me they only figured it out the day before but I think he is lying- they sent the WRONG amount to Toyota to pay off my loan the week prior. How can that be a coincidence? My questions for you kind Redditers are: The Buyer's Order is a Bill of Sale - Is that legally binding in Ohio? If you're the bank witnessing this mess, are you really going to return their money and re-open my loan account? I would think they will say "No" but I have no idea I practically begged Toyota to send ME the title. I am afraid if they send it to Dealership then they'll have the truck and the title and sell it without ever fully paying me. If I do get the title, can I use it as leverage against them? Is that even legal? Can they get a replacement title and still sell the truck? Someone told me the \~$4, 400 they owe me will get eaten up quickly by a civil litigation attorney and I should instead call the Ohio Attorney General's office. Is that sound advice? I appreciate any thoughts here- I am pretty upset. A final note , if they had been honest with me about their mistake from the beginning , even after signing the contract, I would have worked with them a bit to lessen the blow. I don't want to be a jerk and screw anyone over- I want to do the right thing but I think they've acted unethically and at this point, they should honor the contract and pay me in full. What do you think?  Small claims courts fee are minimal and if they find in your favor the dealer will pay them.  Thanks- I signed a few things but I don’t remember signing a POA. That’s an interesting point- I certainly don’t have a carbon copy of it like I did do the contract but now I’m curious. I don’t know how they’re planning to transfer the title without them! It sure would be great if we didn’t have to go to court (legal fees, etc..) but I’m guessing that’s the direction we’re headed. They want out of the deal completely.  When we buy a car form and individual and there is a payoff we get a form signed and notarized to have the bank send us the title (if it is a paper title). Most titles these days with liens are electronic titles (title number will begin with a E on the memo title). I assuming you signed a Power Of Attorney so they can transfer the vehicle into their name? Regardless of everything, I’d say you have a very strong case because a purchase order is a legal document. They’re professionals and if they fucked up the appraisal, that’s their fault not yours. I’d take them to small claims court, I can’t honestly see how you would lose.  Thank you, I’ll do that Entities, particularly professional dealers, are free to enter into bad deals. I would likely hold them to the contract. Plenty of people sign stupid deals at car lots, it's how the auto industry stays in business. I don't think it'd be unreasonable to swing by an attorney's office and have them shoot off a demand letter. Thanks for the reply. Perhaps because they haven’t sent the title yet I can ask them to send it to whomever they think it should be sent to. I would like to add that I in no way acted fraudulently unless my knowledge that they would have trouble making a profit from the resell is fraudulent.  1) Sure, but the question is whether their mistake of fact was due to fraud. I think that's a hard sell due to the fact that they inspected it and had access to the VIN. Presumably they ran a check. 2) I think you need to adjust your expectations about how banks operate. They don't care and are dispassionate. I suspect that they wouldn't recast the loan but you can always ask. 3) I think it was a huge mistake to request the title be sent to you. It arguably breached your contract and opened you up to a valid defense from them. 4) Depends on the terms of your contract. Neither, oddly. It says: "Year: 2017. Make: Toyota Truck. Model: DBL CB 4WD Y" and then it lists the VIN #  Does the Buyer's Order refer to the truck as a Pro or as an Off-Road?