 So my husband and I purchased a house with 5 acres with the understanding that there were no covenants on the property restricting our use because we wanted to homestead in fact we requested many times in writing for the covenants and were told there were none by the previous owners and our real estate company but our neighbors informed us that there were strict covenants so we went to the county to have them pulled and there are covenants restricting swine and number of structures as well as putting a minimum on square footage of our house. Well the people who built the house built it too small and now our neighbors are coming to us with the covenants that they have saying that they are the correct covenants but they aren't filed with the county or state any longer and they literally dont allow any animals other than dogs or cats ...they are much more restrictive than the newer ones on file...can they legally hold us to either set of covenants and what recourse do my husband and I have? According to all of my neighbors none of them received the covenants until after purchasing their homes and were completely unaware as we were they aren't filed with our deed only with the plat. We just want to be able to grow our garden and raise several farm animals for food and recreation. Side note: the covenants also restrict commercial use but we want to be able to sell our excess goods and animals would that be an issue as well? It should, look on Schedule B.  Just call the title company. They will be able to pull up your file. They also can deliver you a copy of your title insurance policy. The title insurance policy is the Bible for what is and is not on your property. If it says that certain covenants on your property, then they are. If your neighbors are claiming that a different set of covenants applies, then dispute that. I wouldn’t waste time trying to convince your neighbors of anything, but if they do decide to bring a suit against you to enforce the covenants that your title policy does not list, then you need to make a claim with your title insurance company, and they will defend you.  Hmmm, would you be willing to file a police report about the threat to shoot your dog? Also, looks like Arkansas is a one-party state ... (note the date, I did not search for anything more recent, gotta verify on your own.) Can you put up no trespassing signs and then report every single transgression to the police? I think you need to be really careful with these people, document everything, make police reports when they make threats and/or trespass, etc. Document, document, document. Keep receipts of improvements, receipts for repairing anything they damage. They may escalate and they may be dangerous. A local RE attorney should be able to tell you how much traction they would get if they tried to sue you over covenants that were replaced, and whether or not you could recover attorney fees. You can also ask what it would cost to send a C D. So at one point a developer came through and bought 80% of the properties and it only requires a 75% majority to change the covenants and changed the covenant at the 25 year mark.. best I can tell and didnt tell the original residents. Maybe 20 properties are subject to them but half are not compliant to either sets from my understanding my neighbors would have to sue us to enforce them in civil court but if we junked up our yard they could come in clean it up and bill us if they saw fit. It's highly concerning because I already have one neighbor breathing down my neck trying to be our parents basically (we are 23 and 27 and they are in their 60s) telling us what we can and cannot do with our land reminding us about the 1 building rule and threatening to shoot our german shepherds all in one breath while we are handing them gifts ...its extremely stressful and now we want to sell our home that we have already put so much into amd leave because of them. I dont think it's right for anyone to try and control someone else's property this way Did the owners/sellers tell you in writing there were none? Did you have your own agent, or did the same real estate company represent both sides of the transaction? Is there any familial relationship for the agents/sellers? How have you authenticated the older restrictions? Again, IANAL or a title professional, but the other thing that I find to be odd is that in order to change the restrictive covenants, it may have required (should have?) a vote of the existing owners at the time, following a process outlined in the old/original covenants. Or perhaps the original ones outlined a different process in order to modify the restrictions on the parcels that are subject to them? Regardless, the original ones should have specified what that process was, and then THAT should have also been recorded, as taking the place of (updating) the older ones. Do you think it is possible that the neighbors claiming that the old ones are right, and the new ones are wrong lost a vote or a squabble at the time the restrictions were changed? Could they be trying to dupe you into compliance? How many parcels are subject to these restrictions? Do you have an HOA? Do any of the documents describe how the restrictions are enforced? Do any other properties have any current uses or structures of the type you want? Were any of the other current owners of parcels subject to these restrictions owners at the time of the changes on 2001? They may have a tale to tell ... Also, I do think you need a real estate attorney. It will help to get traction when calling around if you have a very succinct summary of all of this. Google fu suggests this might be worth searching for, then reading in preparation for your call with an attorney ... 2012 Arkansas Code Title 18 - Property Subtitle 2 - Real Property Chapter 12 - Conveyances Subchapter 1 - -- General Provisions § 18-12-103 - Restrictive covenants.  The old covenants are from 1976 but since they are no longer on file I doubt any search would have turned them up but we still did not receive the ones filed in 2001 which are on file  [removed] IANAL. Here is a link about title insurance in your state. There is a section about 3/4 of the way down that gives an overview of the minimum search requirements the title company must perform: That may lead to some other reading. It looks like they are required to search back 30 years. How old are the other more restrictive restrictions?  I dont think so.  Read your title policy. Does it have the names/numbers of the documents recorded in the county records for the covenants? Also I'm not sure I ever got my title back from the title company  Yes we have title Insurance but they wouldnt do more than dig up what we got from the county our agent is useless at best and none of the lawyers I've contacted have called back Did you get title insurance? Because this is something to run by them, as well as your real estate agent and a real estate lawyer. Someone dropped the ball here, so you need the full team together to unravel this mess.