 My sister (28) and parents have been having serious fights, ultimately resulting in my parents calling the cops on her and her being charged with assault for hitting my mom. I have not been home for these fights. Since my sister has been so violent, they got a protective order so that my sister can’t have contact with my mom, my other sister (25), or myself (22). I never asked for this protective order, and am not sure how they got it without my consent. I’d like to talk to my sister, but I believe that a conversation would mean that we both could be charged with violating a protective order. Am I able to get it lifted? Can they charge me if I never even asked for it myself? I am not a lawyer, but I am unsure if contacting the sister is a wise idea in the presence of a protective order to see if she will respond. This seems like a bad idea. Most police departments have record departments or a clerk that you can reach to get this information. I find just giving them a call during the business hours can give you a ton of guidance on finding out the information you need. Also, a far fetched chance, but it is possible in some areas to search the court records online. At least in the ones that I am by, you can do a case search and a docket search. I hope this helps. If they are not willing to send you a copy (your parents) then ignore them. You likely are not on it. You can try to check with the courts. Contact your sister. If you are on it, she won't talk to you.  Yeah, looks like I’ll have to go through the courts or something to obtain it. Thanks! Noted, I’ll definitely look into it because I need to see information about my own supposed protective order.  You need to ask for a copy of the order. If you are bound by it you need to read it.  I live at home but am away at college right now, except on breaks and such. But my permanent address is still the house, so maybe that’s how they were able to do it.  No, I’m away at college so everything was done without me around, and my parents have all the papers. My parents told me specifically that the protective order was more than her not being able to come to our home and that she’s not allowed to speak with me or have any contact with me at all.  To clarify, I’m away at college, but I live at home with them one my breaks. I actually do not know whether she’s out on bail, but I assume she is because she’s not in jail. I didn’t go to a hearing or get served anything personally, but maybe my parents somehow had the ability to take my place since I’m at college?  OP isn't bound, but her sister is. If OP calls the sister and the sister does anything but immediately hang up it could be contempt of court. It's extremely unlikely that as an adult (you) a protective order was approved on your behalf. It may be possible that one or both of your parents got a protective order for themselves that states your sister isn't supposed to contact either of them or be within 'x' feet of their home. The way to know for sure would be to contact (either in person, phone, or web portal) the local county courthouse in your area, and see if they have a record of the order(s). They should be able to tell you the details. Do you live at the same house as your parents? It sounds like you do. In that case the order probably extended to all residents of the household, which included you. Now you could talk to an attorney about getting it lifted, but the reason it was issued was probably because you live at home and despite the fact that you are over the age of 18 the order was still issued to protect all household members. People accused of domestic violence are often subjected to orders like this pending trial, to ensure that they do not have an opportunity to reoffend. If she's out on bail, she can lose her bail or face additional charges for breaching the order; if she doesn't like the conditions, she may be able to give them up in return for voluntarily returning to custody. The order will be lifted once the justice system is finished with her, whether that's through probation in lieu of prosecution, exoneration at trial, or a criminal conviction and sentencing. If you have not been to a hearing or served with a copy of the order, you aren't bound by it. However, speaking to your sister puts her at risk of more jail time - don't do it. If you have something that absolutely cannot wait, have an attorney reach out to your sister's attorney for you. Have you seen this order? Read it yourself?