 I (from Kentucky) bought a car at an Ohio buy here pay here. Took it home. Two weeks later I get Ohio title paperwork (only after I go to the dealer and ask for it). It was for Ohio only. This will not let me register it in Kentucky. The Kentucky office gives me a form to have dealer fill out and have notarized. I gave the dealer the form. Dealer says they can't do anything until it is paid off and that I have to license it in Ohio. Once it is paid off and then I can transfer it. I am sitting on dead temp tags and need about 3 months before it is paid off. My sales paperwork has my home address. The Ohio DMV said the paperwork they received had my partial KY address but then it was marked out and they put my friend's Ohio address on it. He is the dealer's neighbor and was with me when I purchased the vehicle. No idea why they did that. Sounds kind of sketchy to me but first buy here pay here experience. I am afraid this is cause grief for my neighbor but it sounds like they screwed up. update-I called the Ohio DMV and they told me to call the AG and call the dealer back and tell them to call the DMV and fix it. Dealer is definitely making things up. The car being paid off doesn't have anything to do with transfering it to KY. I'm guessing they don't want to pay the fees associated with transferring the car out of state. The dealer needs to update the address to the DMV. I would also contact the BBB. (My friend just bought a car in Ohio and transferred it to Ky, had tags within two weeks with zero problems.) Read over all of your sales documents very carefully. Make sure you have actually purchased the vehicle and not leased it. There is such a thing as "lease here/pay here," but lease here/pay here companies can generally only lease vehicles to residents of the state in which they are located. You may want to make sure that you have indeed purchased this vehicle, and that they didn't fudge all the paperwork into a lease in your friend's name (who I am assuming is an Ohio resident.) Under this sort of agreement, you are generally given the option to purchase your vehicle at the end of your lease term, and of course then you'd legally own it and you'd be free to register it where you live. Which could mean that the dealer is bending the truth in telling you "you can transfer it when you pay it off." Most likely this is just a dealer who hasn't got a clue what they're talking about...but a couple things in the scenario you're describing are making me wonder if you're in a lease and not a purchase. Edit to add: NAL. Previous experience in used car sales. Some states do require that you pay sales tax in the state it was sold, even if you are registering it out of state. For example, I bought a car in Florida and had to pay Florida sales tax. My home state gave me a discount for the sales tax I paid to Florida and then I was good to go. As to registration, you should be able to register it wherever you are located.  The dealer is making up laws in order to cover their mistake. They need to correct the address on the bill of sale to your KY address and talk to the DMV. You can show the sales paperwork with the correct address to the DMV as proof that the mistake is on the dealer side. Whether the car is paid off has NOTHING to do with correcting the paperwork.