 I own a piece of property in Ohio (United States), and the lots on my street are very small. My driveway is in between my house and my neighbor’s house. My driveway runs right along the side of my neighbor’s house - there’s no grass or space in between. Last winter, I was approached by my neighbor who said he needs to get the foundation of his house fixed and waterproofed. This would require digging up part of my driveway. They could replace the concrete at no cost to me, but this would require putting in a curb, and it would shrink the width of my driveway (which wouldn’t be a problem since my driveway is wide to begin with). OR - since half of my driveway needed repaired anyway (it was buckling and in horrible condition, and would need fixed before I sell the house again), I could pick up part of the cost of the concrete repair. This is the option I went with. The work on my neighbor’s house was finished towards the end of April. As time went on throughout the summer and this fall, I consistently contacted my neighbor and the contractor asking when my driveway was going to be finished. The contractor kept referring me to my neighbor, and my neighbor said he was waiting for work to finish inside the house before telling the contractor to do the concrete. Well, my patience has finally run out. The contractor keeps pushing me off to my neighbor, and my neighbor keeps pushing me off to the contractor. The contractor said he would have to charge me more since he would have to bring a truck out twice. I contacted the city to see if there was anything they could do, and my neighbor and contractor have all the correct permits for the project. I never received any estimate or signed any statement of work from the contractor or neighbor. It was a verbal agreement at what my cost would be. I’m tempted to contact an attorney, but wanted to hear the thoughts of all the wonderful people at r/legaladvice.  Get a written estimate from 3 contractors on how much damage was done to your drive way, send the estimates to your neighbor, with the stipulation that you will have to file a small claims court case against him if you do not receive a contract on getting your driveway fixed within the next 30 days. Then get the paperwork to file the small claims form the court, just to be ready. Small claim court cases are cheap to file. Get an official contract from him now, even if you agree that you want it done in the spring. But at this point, I would not wait any longer.  You can, but generally it isn't going to be as strong without a lot of extra work You can pour concrete in cold weather, it just needs to be insulated or covered.  At this point you probably need to wait until spring. You shouldn’t pour concrete this time of year due to the cold weather. Not legal advice, but a construction perspective.