 My parents live in CA in a house they bought in June. Everyday for the last few weeks my their neighbor(late 50s, male, lives with elderly mother) is on his roof looking around and into my parents windows and backyard. Recently my mother has noticed that he looks towards the nearby elementary school with binoculars when kids are arriving for school. This is mostly from her point of view, fyi. 12/6/2018- I went to Police dept. to ask and discuss what were my options as a homeowner when my neighbor gets on his roof regularly and looks in my backyard and windows and into the nearby school. Both our homes back up to elementary school and next to our fence is the kindergarten classrooms and playground. I have caught him with his arms crossed staring into my yard ,windows and into playground. I asked the police what to do. They told me to make a phone call to them when it happens. They said that it would stay anonymous. 12/7/2018- I opened my living room blind to see my neighbor up on his roof looking at me. I closed the blind and went to other window, He was looking down into the kindergarten play area . All the parents were dropping off their children for school. It was 7:35am. He then pulled out his binoculars and started looking around at everything, our yard, the students in playground, and the view on the other side of his house. I immediately called the admin office of the school. I asked to stay anonymous and told the woman that they should probably send someone to check on this guy on his roof looking into your school yard. I do not believe I said I was a neighbor(important later). She then went to play yard and questioned him. I only got bits and pieces of what was said. She said something and I heard him say "no I'm good, alright". She said something and he replied "it's none of your business". I then heard her say "I'm going to call the police". He said "go ahead". Police came about 30-45 minutes later. It was the same officer I had spoken with yesterday at the precinct. Two officers came for this call. They spoke for 20-30 minutes with his mother present. I saw him point to our home while talking to officers. About 30 minutes later the officer came to our door. I then was pretty upset because I wanted to stay anonymous. I told him that too. He said our neighbor said we must have called and that he was up on roof because his mother heard something on the roof and he was checking it out . The officer also said that the neighbor went to the school and apologized to the school admin woman that he spoke rudely to. While the officer confirmed that, yes, it is weird and unsettling behavior, they can not do anything as the neighbor has not broken any laws. Why don't they just close the blinds, you ask? Well A, they shouldn't have to. and B, they bought this house because of the coastal view. Are there any legal actions they can take? To be clear they are not scared of this guy, but its pretty unsettling to not have any privacy in your own home.  Get some security cameras up and pointed in his general direction. It should deter him from being extremely creepy and prove his using binoculars to look into your windows  Well it's mostly to illustrate the general creepiness(if nothing else) and the fact that he's willing to lie to police about being on his roof everyday. They have to no avail, and are contacting a mediator. Again they aren't fearful of any physical action but imagine you are relaxing on your couch and you turn to see your neighbor on his roof staring at your through a crack in the blinds. It's very unsettling.  I don't understand why so much of this post was about the school if your parents' issue is their own privacy. This man has broken no laws. My suggestion would be that they reach out to him like adults. And invest in a home security system.