 Hi! I am confused by all these FSLA rules. I was hoping someone could tell me in playing English (ELI5). I highly doubt I am a non-exempt employee but I figured it's worth asking the questions here. I make over 60K a year salaried I am a systems engineer in NYC. I work from home and work a standard 10 hour day M-F and field of our calls as needed. (happens at least once a week, for a minimum of 1 hour) . I am NOT a manager, I do not have any direct reports, nor do I make any major business decisions. t I DO NOT have a degree for any college or specialised certifications in my field (I started as a Helpdesk Tech and wash pushed upward from there mostly in the same company) I am not sure what other relevant information you need but feel free to ask and I will answer the best I can. Any help in determining my exempt status as a salaried employee is greatly appreciated.  Can confirm, I was salary non-exempt for a time. Loved me some time and a half pay while it lasted. Read the computer professional exemption on the Department of Labors website- that would be the only exemption that you would qualify for. It doesn’t matter whether they pay you hourly or salary, it’s the duties you perform and the amount that you are paid that determines exempt status.  Not a Lawyer. So, you're probably Exempt, although this is annoying grey area for a layman. The bit that covers you would most likely be:  pretty much what I got from reading the googles. Thanks for clarifying and confirming it.  I guess my duties are to maintain, fix, troubleshoot and expand the network server, and user infrastructure, Maintain accounts and basic security. I am 99% sure I am exempt but someone I know questioned it due to the exorbitant amount of hours I work and instead of guessing, I figured I'd ask someone who knows more than me. thank you for the reply!  Salary non-exempt exists, but is very uncommon.  Not a Lawyer, but you are most likely being considered exempt via the Computer-Related Occupation exception. What do your actual job duties require? The two tests are "Are you paid enough" and "What are your job duties". Title does not determine this, nor does education, only duties.  You are exempt because you are salaried, it only pertains to hourly workers for OT pay, that is one of the faults of being a full time/salaried employee, you are basically at the whims of your company, what they need is what you do, but hopefully you get good benefits and vacation alongside. As an hourly worker you are non-exempt, and FSLA for OT pay for salaried employees is capped at 24K if you make more than that you dont get paid for OT especially if it is clearly stated in your contract with your company.