 [California] I posted about an issue related to copying of data at my last employment a couple of weeks ago. Essentially, I very stupidly in order to retain personal files before leaving copied without intent files that related to my assignments and when contacted by them went to give it back to the HR : Even though in order to cooperate I signed a letter that I have been beating myself over since then, I received a very threatening letter from their attorney today basically saying paraphrased, "we think you violated agreement because you had data after leaving the company," "we didn't find all the files we think you copied in it &lt;some names as examples ". "If you find anything that's confidential, contact us". It goes on to say "if we find you still have some such files or you breach, we are prepared to pursue litigation, be it injunctive or monetary.." "We are closely watching the issue, " "will inform your new employer about it and the seriousness of the violations, unless we find a reason for this issue" As expected my stomach dropped, I'm clearly stupid to have made this mess unnecessarily. Some of the files they included in the list I recognize as third-party non-confidential files freely available in google search for pdfs. Some other may be confidential. Update: I contacted someone who works as an HR mediator-attorney (qualified to practice but works mostly with companies to build their HR systems), who called the employer's attorney. They told her that "the company is not planning to sue or contact current employer." She seems to behave more like mediator (instead of attorney) and says that it's ok even if you didn't send any response now, and doesn't strongly lean or advice for something (maybe bc she works mostly with, not against, employers). I'm concerned what may happen if I find missing files or another copy later and the perjury implication. If I come across something and cooperate more, then 1) the perjury issue occurs 2) they have said in their letter that they’d consider it a breach and sue, and 3) would be more inclined than now to contact current employer. I clearly had no malicious intent and don't want any such problematic thing to remain with me. Since the aim of the whole process is that I maintain proprietary's information's privacy, would it be fine to simply delete if I find anything in the future? Would not sending any response at this point be a suitable course? No one here is going to tell you it’s okay to delete your files. Only your lawyer should advise you further.  See the bold text. Particularly seeing that if you HAVE counsel, they will immediately drop your ass if you keep fucking talking about the facts of your case on social media. [deleted] Your advice each time you’ve posted this in the last three weeks is to get an attorney. I’ll add to that. Stop posting about this on Reddit and get an attorney.  You’ve been given the same advice on every post. Stop doing this yourself. Hire a lawyer. 