 Call me grumpy, but I've had it with this group of children coming in our backyard. We'll be going on the second year of owning our home so I'm not exactly sure how to go about handling this. A few instances we had a group of children cut through or hang out in the backyard. Sure, it's irritating but we never said or did anything because it didn't seem too big of a deal at the time. Well, the other day they cut through our side of the yard, mostly because the neighbor's yard is fenced, and were in between both properties. The neighbor had his dogs in his yard and they were barking, the kids were screaming, and they also brought their two dogs who were also barking. I keep all windows and doors open during the day so I can see what's going on and amongst the noise I see one of the girls hit her dog with one of those metal wired marker flags because its barking. I became livid. I tolerated them coming into the yard to pass through or whatever but I cannot tolerate them hitting an animal. As I walk on my porch to tell the girl to not hit the dog I see her hit the dog twice more. As it was already loud, I had to raise my voice quite a bit to get them to hear more but I told the girl to stop hitting the dog. One girl heard me, relayed the information and told me she did told her not to. Then I told them they needed to get off the neighbor's property and my property as they had no permission to be in our yards, they had no poop bags for their dogs, etc. I stayed in the porch as they walked off the property - and all the sassiness and mocking from the children is probably irrelevant - but that's the first and last interaction we've had. Since then, they have been on the property three times but only passing through. They peer right through the door as they walk through and once they notice me, or just when they know a car is outside and they think people are home, they run through screaming. It's annoying to say the least but I have many concerns. We have our children's toys in the backyard, a ladder to climb a tree, and, on occasion, tools and things of the sort. There is also a large lake right in our backyard. Lastly, we have a small dog. He does not go out by himself and his bark is louder than his bite but anything can happen. There is also no HOA for the community but only for the lake residents. A fence is, of course, the ideal option of keeping them out of the yard but at this point we cannot put up a fence. I also fear their delinquent nature in possibly vandalizing something in the front of the house or a fence itself - when it does get put up - if some other action is not taken. As a parent, I would want to be confronted by another adult if my child was trespassing in their property and they asked them to leave and told them if they were unwelcome, but that's me. I also don't know if this would even be a good action to take. I wouldn't trust in writing some letter to their parents. We also don't want to have to purchase no trespassing and beware of dog signs. Then, there is the whole problem of possibly getting sued if any of the children get injured on the property. Sure, homeowner's insurance is beneficial in this event but if it can be avoided altogether it would be preferred. Is it law that they cannot trespass even without signs? What can be done to stop them? Getting the police involved seems a bit drastic but I would not put it past these kids to keep trespassing or do something to the property without "scaring them straight." Understood, thanks for the help. The children do not have permission to be on your property, therefore they are trespassing.  Then you should immediately remove all of the attractive nuisances from your yard and install no trespassing signs until you build the fence.  I'm planning on speaking with the parents today after an incident. What exactly can/will the police do? I don't want to feel like a nuisance calling them over some kids in the backyard but I'm also aware it can become a serious situation. Our yard is very private so none of these items can be seen from the front but I completely understand how it can be attractive once they see it. Thankfully they've never touched these items but it's possible they can and will. Unfortunately a fence just isn't in the cards right now but hopefully we will get one soon. I wanted to cover all bases that I could think of before bringing my concerns to you guys. This has happened in a matter of days so we've just talked about getting cameras to try to deter them from coming in the yard. As I was actually reading some of the comments I saw them in the front yard picking up the seeds that fall from the palm trees and throwing them at and spitting on ant piles so I began taking pictures and thankfully I did because then they started moving our trashcans down the sidewalk. I honestly wasn't sure if speaking to their parents would be a good idea (legally) but I will definitely be going there tomorrow to speak with them about this incident because it involves our personal property. If you know where these kids live, talk to their parents. If their behavior continues, call the police.  A ladder to a tree is an attractive nuisance, along with children's toys left out and about. So when one of those kids hurts themselves on your property, there's a very good change you'll be found partially liable for their injuries. Just because it's not a convenient time to get a fence doesn't mean you don't need one right now.  There are lots of ways you can address this problem legally that I can think of, but you just ruled out every single one of them. Why would you not alert their parents? I would get a camera and call the police if they keep returning.