 Details will be kept as vague as possible while still providing all the pertinent details. A parent passed away suddenly, leaving behind no known will or beneficiary. As this parent was divorced, rather my other parent being named heir, it defaulted to their children; myself and my only sibling. As an aside, my sibling (S) and other living parent (LP) fight constantly, even after parents (DP) passing. There are distinct concerns about LP's mental stability as they have battled with depression and suicide since we were young. Until recently, DP and I were estranged due to DP's unhealthy battle with addiction. S and DP however remained estranged at DP's passing, and as a result, S is dealing with their passing quite hard. In addition to, DP hasn't been buried yet due to everyone (including myself) being financially strapped, and DP didn't have any life insurance or other savings set aside for EOL expenses. Since the passing of DP, LP has attempted to access DP's IRA by impersonating DP, has been involuntarily hospitalized due to suicide concerns and has most recently furnished a will that appears to be in LP's handwriting and signature claiming it as the real thing. I don't know what their end goal is here but I'm concerned and worried. Objectively, what should I do here? Inform the custodian of the IRA of the death of the owner. S/he means inform the custodian who holds the IRA (the bank, brokerage, etc.) about your parent's death. Get a consultation with a probate attorney in your area, who can advise about the proper procedures to handle the assets. LP isn't an heir, but if they succeed in taking control of assets by impersonation, getting them back may be difficult or impossible.  The IRA has no beneficiary either. DP found this out, somehow. Who is the considered custodian of the death?  The IRA will pass according to the beneficiary designation, without regard to the existence or terms of a will. You should inform the custodian of the death, and ask what their process is. You may need to provide a death certificate before the beneficiary can access those funds.