 My boyfriend and I moved into an apartment around 4 months ago with a woman we met online. We hit it off decently, and needed a place fast, so we all signed a lease together at a big apartment complex. Roommate has a puppy, and we were made fully aware of it before signing the lease together. Initially, RM made every intention of training the dog, and taking full responsibility for it (she even had training books and a whole list of rules to make sure puppy was trained well) So we were okay with it. Fast forward through the past four months, puppy has torn apart the whole downstairs, chewed up blinds, carpets, furniture, and even some of our own personal items. She’s even torn paint off of walls and chewed up doors. All intents to train the dog seem to have gone out the door. And it’s left inside in a cage all day, most of the week, as our roommate works a server job with lots of doubles. So my question is: How do we go about covering our butts (and our deposits) as far as damage is concerned? Would it be a good idea to write up a contract for our roommate to sign? Would it do any good since we all signed the lease and are therefore all liable? She hasn’t made any intentions of /not/ paying, but we don’t want to take chances since she’s been a little shady. Thanks in advance!  No, it’s a large apartment complex with hundreds of homes, and they own multiple complexes like that throughout the USA. They don’t really care if things get damaged so long as they get payed for repairs.  Does the landlord know about the damages so far? I’ll look into it then, thanks for the advice!  She may get dickish about it but she'll be dickish about the dog regardless, it's worth a shot to at least look into. When I was ??? about a case I looked up a region and an applicable animal shelters' facebook to ask. I do, but I don’t think I have grounds for reporting as there are no visible signs of abuse. She gets fed and has water, she just rarely gets walked, and is kenneled most of the day. I’m worried I’d make the environment hostile if I called animal control on her too. My boyfriend and I end up walking her when we can, we feel like that’s the best we can do.  You’re definitely right. I’ve tried, but she ends up putting the responsibility on me and my boyfriend, asking us why we don’t walk her if we think that’s the reason. So we walk her whenever we can, not because we want to help our roommate, but because we feel really bad for the dog. I’m scared to take any legal action, like trying to get the dog taken away from her, because I don’t want a hostile environment for the rest of our lease, and I don’t want her to do something crazy. Im not sure I have grounds to get the dog taken away either. She gets fed and watered everyday, just locked up inside. Not sure on the laws there.  You have the power to report a neglected animal. ...yeah I think those are both working dog breeds (well the german shepard definitely is anyway) so high energy. Can pointing out it's a symptom of the dogs' anxiety and that the living conditions are actively giving it anxiety do anything? (Since she's trying to use "but my anxiety" as a defense) The dog is miserable here. Thank you! I will definitely do that. I’m trying to be subtle because I don’t want to make the living environment hostile. But I can definitely take pictures without being obvious.  A German Shepard Goldie mix. It’s absolutely not good for the dog to be locked up. I feel horrible for the puppy but all I have power to do is offer advice to Roommate. She’s not really having it though.  I’ve tried to convince her because I feel horrible for the puppy, but she isn’t really hearing it. She says it’s her emotional support dog, and she needs it for her anxiety. But definitely does not take care of it outside of basic feed and water. But my boyfriend and I have no say in that decision.  Nal. But sounds like the dog isn't getting enough attention and exercise. If rm can't take it for daily walks at minimum then best to rehome the dog. As sounds like she doesn't have time for it. There r lots of other pets that dont require lots of attention instead What breed is it? Some need more stimulation than others, if it's being locked up all day that's definitely a contributing factor to it chewing everything. You are, in all probability, jointly and severally liable for the damages to the apartment. That just means that you are all equally responsible for the damages to the landlord. You would be able to sue the roommate for the damages caused by her dog in small claims if you end up covering damages caused by her dog, however. Take lots of pictures and document the damages that are caused by the dog. Hopefully it won't be needed, but better to have it just in case. The only other thing you can do is make sure to keep her contact info up to date if you think you might need to have her served later. Try to get her new mailing address when she moves out and/or keep up with her on social media. You already signed the lease, you are liable for all damages to the apartment caused by the dog. Similar thing happened to me and I ended up losing the entire deposit plus some 