 So I filled out an application to keep my boat at this marina. They said everything was fine, approved, I could move the boat. I gave up the slip I was in. Moved the boat, and when I arrived they start acting completely shady to me. They wouldn't take my deposit, and then told me they denied me. Now they want me to move the boat by the end of the day and I have no where to put it. Do I have any legal recourse here? preach Some marinas are really picky about construction. Generally they dont like to take wooden boats because of the liability. If they do, the require a bi annual insurance survey by a marine surveyor. Fiberglass they dont usually care. If OP wasn't clear about construction details of the boat they could have a very valid reason to turn him away. I went through this with my 40 year old sail boat that was made to look like wood, but is actually fiberglass. The size and weight of the boat plays a role because the bigger and heavier the boat is, the higher the risk. Though, I feel like it would be fair to ask the dockmaster for a temporary slip until he snorts things out. OP has to have a place to put the boat and if it's too big to easily haul out and put on stilts hes got a real mess on his hands. relevance?  't know off the top of my head as I am in Mass which needs two party consent) Not in California, no. What kind of boat? What's it made out of (fiberglass, wood, steel)? Length/Year? You should at minimum have proof of the notary they should have a memo of what they notarized. Are they flat out saying you did not sign the agreement?  Okay so, you need to start by mitigating any damages and recording any work you do to try and move the boat as soon as reasonably possible. Keep times and records of calls to other marinas and their responses to move the boat, record the calls if California allows you to record without consent (don't know off the top of my head as I am in Mass which needs two party consent) You have the things for a basic contract, mutual assent of both parties (offer to keep your boat at the marina and acceptance by you) but unfortunately you have no consideration as they wouldn't take your deposit. You may not need consideration though as "promissory estoppel" which acts as a substitute basically is: Promise by the marina, which gave you foreseeable reliance, which you actually relied on, and where an injustice would result. In my opinion there is enough for a lawyer to say promissory estoppel could be used as a consideration substitute to enforce the contract, or for you to get some sort of relief Second call your notary and try to get a copy if they have one, but any testimony from them should suffice to show some sort of record of a contract, if you are really concerned, call a lawyer and they will try to stop any spoliation of evidence (them destroying the contract). FYI - Im a law student studying for contract final so this is my best guess - get a real lawyer. I don't know if this would be allowed, but do they transmit the contracts via email? Perhaps a close friend/family member could submit a request for one (as if they were going to apply themselves) so that you can review a blank copy?  Did your notary make a copy of the contract? Some do. Without a copy of the contract that lays out the termination conditions, it's going to be tough to take any kind of action. You will need to move the boat somewhere else so that it's not damaged or potentially impounded. Will they let you see the contract you signed? Did you read the contract, and did it say anything about termination of the contract? They had me sign a contract after telling me I was approved, unfortunately I returned that contract to them. I jumped through every hoop and gave up the slip I was in, and then when I show up they tell me I can't lkeep my boat there after all. It can't be the boat, I had a survey on it and there were definitely crapier looking boats there. They had approved it after seeing the pictures but when I showed up they seemed to have a problem with me. Maybe they thought I was gay? I am, but I don't see why they would discriminate against me for that. It's not like I showed up doing rainbow somersaults. Unfortunately I handed in any application or form they gave me, I don't have copies. They only called to say I was approved. I was dealing with the dockmaster who told me everything was approved and fine to move the boat. When I showed up, the office did not take the deposit. Told me I had to fill out some contract and have it notarized, which I did. I brought that back to them, so they have it. I didn't get a copy. I thought, no big deal. When I brought the contract back they told me to come back in the morning with deposit. I showed up this morning with the deposit and the owner told me flat out I had to leave and to move the boat by the end of the day or he would impound it. He refused to give a reason. Do you have any signed paperwork regarding the approval, or a contract? Were there any contracts signed that you have a copy of? 