 Location: Winnipeg, Manitoba (Yes, I know I am a fool for not having a contract made as this would have prevented all these issues. Lesson learned.) Hired a friend who is an electrician to do some work on my house. I asked for the 'total' cost of doing the work. Was given a price of $2500 but that he would need to see the house before settling on a price. We met in person for about 15 minutes at most and he told me $3000, $3200 max if there were unforeseen circumstances. He described the process and this sounded great so I paid him half up front to cover all permits and materials and to show my eagerness of getting the job finished. I was under the impression that this was the guaranteed maximum price. 2 months later, after multiple no shows and last minute cancelations, he did come and do some work but the work still has not been completed. It has gotten near completion but the last bit of work he did, he damaged the drywall in various places and told me I needed to hire a drywall taper to patch things up before he could finish. (He also drank 7 of my beers that day). This past Monday, he sent me a text saying that he was currently at $2380 in cost so far and would like to receive payment for this work before he proceeds on finishing. I told him that I could pay him the $880 (2380 minus 1500 upfront payment) in person or by e-transfer and asked how much more to finish. He informed me that this had nothing to do with the $2500 that he originally told me and was in fact on top of it. Meaning total cost so far is $4880 and he has yet to finish. I tried to have a conversation with him, but he was extremely unprofessional. He was rude, aggressive and threatening. I demanded an itemized invoice for everything immediately. He wrote on a scrap piece of paper and sent me a picture of it. Wrong dates and wrong amount of hours worked (I was there everyday he worked and was aware of arrival and derpature times) and $500 for material with no breakdown. I tried speaking to his boss, who also is his father, but he was evasive and did not want any part in the matter. We informed him that we have the texts from the worker stating the price and he requested a copy to be sent to him. This was on Wednesday. He finally responded on Friday evening, stating that he did not interpret my question as a total cost but rather as the price for additional work (I don't see how anyone could understand total cost as an additional cost). Unfortunately I have not been in contact with a lawyer as most firms had closed by the time I received this reply. The electrician is constantly sending me texts saying to pay up or that he would walk. He also stated that he's holding my permits and no inspection can be done and no other permits will be issued meaning no other contractor could finish the remaining work. He has also threatened to put a lien on my property if I don't pay. Most recently, he stated that he was aware that I had contacted the city and his father but told me I was in the wrong and to pay him the money. Then he stated that his father will be filing a lien against my property with their company lawyers on Monday. If he does file a lien against my property, will it have any holding? I am aware that I can try and refute the lien as invalid but I'm not well versed in legal jargon and understanding the Builder's Lien Act is a little bit over my head. I am also aware that I can file a motion to expedite the suit and that he would have file a suit against me within 30 days otherwise the lien becomes invalid. I am uncertain on what to do at this point in time. I tried having an open dialogue with him and his boss but that did not result in anything other than more threats. Should I take him to small claims court to pursue legal recourse? I know anything in writing is technically legally binding but would the judge/courts recognize the text messages? Everyone I spoken to cannot understand how he stated 2500 in text, 3200 in person but has now reached $4880 in costs and still hasn't been completed. Additionally, his texts are extremely rude and threatening. I believe this may be seen as extortion at this point. My house is being held hostage, I can't live in it as almost all the plugs in the house do not work until he wires it into my service. The further this continues, the further my expenses keep piling on as my intention was to rent 1 or 2 rooms to help supplement my expenses. I do not want to stoop to his level but is there anyhing I can do to tell him to stop threatening me without coming across as a threat itself? Definitely talk to a lawyer first thing Monday morning. Ask that lawyer if it’d be useful to get a quote in writing from another electrician for the work already completed and also yet to be completed. 