 Hello! I am from Poland. I am addressing you with a serious problem of incapacitation for me. I have got diagnosed high-functioning autism. I'm in the intellectual norm. Therapists, school, and mother want to do it due to aggression, concerns about naivety that I can make debts, loans and I would be fooled according to their opinion, I'm not a stand-alone in their opinion and I never will be according to their statements. As far as I am yet to understand the aggression, the rest is... absurd, because if we everyone incapacitate because of debts then a little people would be left free, but maybe I'm wrong. In any case, I do not feel unable to work, I do not think that I cannot decide for myself and IMO it makes life more difficult for me school, therapists and mother, i.e. they try to silence me when something I say inconvenient about them, for example, by threatening me a psychiatric hospital. So the questions: - Is it possible within the country to avoid incapacitation? - Would they still be able to incapacitate me abroad within the EU? - Will they be able to incapacitate me abroad outside the EU? PS. Sorry for bad English :P Generally speaking, they'd have to demonstrate to a court you lack the ability to make your own decisons. The best way to fight that would be to make sound decisions and ensure you have a lawyer. I cannot speculate as to whether it would be easier in Poland or elsewhere to have you declared incompetent. In the US it is a fairly hard thing to do. I'm unfamiliar with EU laws or other country's reciprocity with EU jurisdictions so cannot answer 2 or 3, but I know that regardless of your location, if you're going to be brought to court to be declared mentally incompetent/incapacitated, you need a lawyer to help formulate your case that you are not. That is your best shot to stay within the county without being declared incompetent/incapacitated. [deleted] Do you have a history of being fooled into taking on debts? Do you have a history of not being able to work? You should engage a lawyer in Poland to defend yourself against incapacitation.