 So I posted about this in another sub, but I think I can find answers here. I am on parole, with an ankle monitor. I have been for years, with zero issues. It is in my parole conditions that I can't travel outside fifty miles without permission. Recently I got a new parole officer who decides he wants me to not visit other counties (eg next city over) simply because that is how he rolls. This doesn't cone down from a judge or bph. Thisishis own special rule. My family, employer, and all activities are based in surrounding counties, so this is frustrating me to no end. I want to challenge his special verbal condition. But I fear retaliation and I don't know how. LMAO ok ill try not to rape anyone. Technically the argument was "withdrawn consent" i forgot to mention that in last night's post. I'm obviously not saying I'm a great person, but it's easy to get thrown under a bus by a reluctant ex. If you don't believe it happens, you haven't been around. This logic takes me full circle to your a young naive person so in all seriousness, heed my warning. LMAO yeah I believe you I pled on a deal, my victim was my long time girlfriend whom we had a bad breakup. I didn't consider what I was doing as assault at the time, as the incident was a consentual act that occured to save our relationship. I broke up with her and a rape allegation soon followed. I did my time in prison bro, I'm working and married now. I was a young stupid guy in a melodramatic relationship. But now I'm on parole, and I'm talking about my rights as a parolee, your comment doesn't help that. Maybe if he didn't sexually assault someone he wouldn't have to worry about this 🤔🤔🤔🤔 Maybe don't commit sex crimes if you want to leave the county? Looks like you got some good advice on how to appeal. You are understandably upset but no matter what, do not give your po any reason to make your life worse, because "If it's not too much trouble for you" is not a good way to ask/handle it. (You were probably not being serious but I just wanted to mention it, bc angry people can be self destructive!) The appeal process is as follows: Begin your administrative appeal by filing CDCR Forms 22 and 602—and include no more than one issue per form. In general, you have 30 calendar days to submit the appeal after the problem occurs Submit these two forms at the same time: (1) a CDCR Form 22 to your parole agent, requesting an interview to discuss the issue; and (2) a CDCR Form 602 appeal to the Regional Appeals Coordinator. Attach a copy of your Form 22 request to your Form 602 appeal; and, vice versa, attach a copy of your Form 602 to your Form 22 request. That’s an unreasonable restriction and basically gives him the opportunity to get you fired from your job and lose your income and insurance just because he feels like it. Definitely talk to his supervisor and if that doesn’t work, there should be a phone number in that handbook where someone can direct you on how to modify or appeal a parole order without a lawyer. Courts have ruled on many parole restrictions and the general idea is that the restrictions have to be related to the charges and not unreasonably restrict your freedom (they can require check ins, random searches, and that you live within the county, but they can’t for instance force you to skip work or go to jail).  Yeah he knows, basically now every day I need to ask "may I go to work tomorrow if it's not too much trouble for you" Based on this it looks like that condition is no good because it effectively means you're violating parole by going to work. Does the PO know that you work out of town? If they're aware and still added that provision, you'll have to talk to someone up the chain or otherwise try to get the order modified. I've been to prison. Most cos are dirty, corrupt, buyable and bias. Cdcrs reaction to prop 57 was laughable. Due to my experience I am on guard that the PO isn't over stepping his bounds. For example if the position has a personal vendetta against taco Bell, can he ban his clients from going there in order to boycott the business? Keep in mind I have been on parole for years and I know many parolees in my area. This PO is the only one with these conditions. Not taking CDCR or a parole officer at face value seems like a great way to wind up back in prison.  Sure, but keep in mind that is CDCRs wording. The CDCR sort of strikes me as a political machine designed to keep people in, and less on a "lets educate people on their rights" type resource. There is however a parolee handbook written by the prison law office in berkeley. In it they write E. When Is a Parole Condition Unlawful? A condition of parole is invalid if it: (1) has no relation to the commitment offense; (2) bars conduct that is not in itself criminal; and (3) requires or forbids conduct that is not reasonably related to future criminality. For instance, if a parolee has no history of alcohol 50/ abuse or committing crimes while intoxicated, alcohol testing cannot be imposed as a condition of parole because using alcohol is not illegal and the condition would not relate to the parolee’s past or future criminality.51/ Furthermore, a parole condition that infringes on a constitutional right must be no broader than necessary to promote public safety or rehabilitation. Conditions may be invalid if they are 52/ excessively broad or if they are so vague that they cannot be understood and followed. For 53/ example, a condition prohibiting a parolee from associating with certain groups of people must include a requirement that the parolee knows or should know that any given individual is part of the prohibited group. Also, conditions of parole that limit employment must directly relate to 54/ the parolee’s crime.55 They cite their sources, legislation or whatever.. this is why I don't take CDCR at face value. The [conditions of parole]() lists several general conditions on the CDCR website. The fifth seems relevant “You must follow all of your parole agent’s verbal and written instructions.” Long story short...yep! You've never been on probation. They can send you in front of judge for violations of their terms and you risk jail so yeah, pretty much they own your ass even if they're being petty and stupid. No, they certainly are not. Probation or Parole Officers can not just make up rules, unless the statutes in your state allow them to do so in some circumstances. Try contacting their supervisor to work it out and, if necessary, contact an attorney. 