 My brother (19) lives in rented property with a friend who is around the same age, but I’m not exactly sure how old. I (24) am currently deployed overseas and have only heard about this situation from him over the phone. My brother says he and a friend went out to eat at a pizzeria a few days ago and then went to a high school basketball game about two hours away from his residence to watch our stepsister play ball. In the meantime, his housemate had invited a few friends over for a party. Well the friends of the housemate invited friends of their own over to the residence and there was apparently drugs and alcohol involved. My brother came home to a house full of people he did not know and apparently his housemate only knew “three or four” of them even though there was apparently around 20 people in the house all of varying ages. My brother says he tried to get people to leave as he was uncomfortable with so many strangers in the home. At this point a male (18) that my brother didn’t know began seizing. Apparently he was already “tweaking” even before coming to the house and the seizing was a result of a mixture of several illicit drugs and alcohol. At this point the males friends began to panic and were wanting to move him to their vehicle and take him to the hospital. My brother says he said they should call an ambulance instead as he thought you weren’t supposed to mess with a person having a seizure and told them it was better to wait for emergency services to come to the home. The males friends did not listen and took the male to their vehicle and left. The party apparently dispersed. Now here’s the kicker; The friends of the male “victim” did not take him to the hospital, but instead dumped him somewhere on the side of the road because they were drunk and underage. Fortunately the male survived but now charges are being pursued against my brother and his housemate for the following reasons (as explained to me by my brother) 1-Underage drinking on the property. 2- The friends of the male are claiming my brother was “trying to prevent them from leaving the property” when their friend was seizing. My mother (who is a teacher at the school of the victim because of course) was called into the principals office this morning and questioned about the incident. I have advised my brother to not talk about the incident to anyone and if questioned by the police to not say anything without a lawyer present. Was this the right thing to tell him or is there a better course of action? I feel so helpless being so far away. Thank you for reading.  Sorry I didn’t realize all PMs were banned only asking for them. Thank you again. I was mainly worried about him being legally accountable for the dumping of the victim as the perpetrators were coming from his property. I wasn’t sure if that was related to the social host liability or whatever. As far as the liability for the underage drinking while obviously far from ideal and still worth getting an attorney over is far less worrisome than the other stuff. Thank you for your timely and detailed response. PM’s are banned as a matter of policy around here: ? Is there any way he can be liable for that? The first question about them claiming he was trying to prevent them from leaving sounds right, even if disingenuous. He tried to get them to say until EMS showed up. It’s not particularly relevant to the social host liability. He was there, he is on the lease, and underage drinking/dugs was happening. His defense attorney will argue that A) he was totally unaware, B) he ended it when he returned and C) he attempted to get medical attention as soon as possible. As for being found dumped, also irrelevant but the guys that dumped him could get some charges for that. If the kid died as a result, his friends might have gotten a negligence or manslaughter charge. Bro needs an attorney to plea out or get his specific charge dismissed. A different attorney than his co-defendants. His defense will rely on pinning social host liability on his roommates.  Ah fuck. Well yeah... like I said get a lawyer  OK is very strict on social host liability. All parties to the lease are chargeable, regardless of presence or awareness.  Thank you.  Contact the local legal aid clinic, or apply for a public defender.  This isn’t really a question you can answer probably but I highly doubt my brother can afford an attorney and I’m doubtful my mom or I can either. Is there anything he can do in that case?  Oklahoma Social Host laws don’t require the host to even be present to be culpable for underaged drinking in his/her premise. Bro should hire an attorney.  Make sure he talks to a lawyer ASAP. I’m no legal expert but if he wasn’t there for most of the party and not the resident responsible then I imagine your brother MIGHT be fine considering he was looking out for the victims safety. Still talk to a lawyer. His roommate is probably in some shit for throwing the party 