 Hey legal smarties -- I am currently a college student, and my roommate works in the Office of Registrar. Students who work in these positions (Dean's office, administration) have access to all student records, including your application of applying to college, medical illnesses, if you took a leave of absence, grades, etc. Here's my issue with this -- my roommate discloses student information to other students, and I specifically know of a guy that took a gap year due to mental illness. I personally feel that this is a huge breach of privacy. I've never asked for her to share the information she sees with me, and she does it without even being prompted. I feel as if she constantly looks at MY personal records, and I don't want her disclosing my information to my peers. I want to call the Office of Registrar and inform them of this. If I were to do this, what sort of action would the college take? I want to remain anonymous, but will she be fired? Even expelled? I am aware that because of FERPA, all of this information has to remain confidential within the college. What other information can you provide on this?  If you want to anonymously report her, your school should have an ethics line or a report form through student conduct/student life. Throw "\[school name\] conduct report form" into google and you should see it handily.  An issue of this type may be better raised through the official reporting mechanism (surely the school has a privacy officer and reporting process) than through casual contact with a supervisor. A school may discipline an employee breaching privacy as they see fit and in accordance with their policies. That may be employee counseling, may be a “write-up” or could be suspension or termination.  Thanks for the information. I do know her supervisor so I believe that will be the best course of action. I am just afraid that she will find out, or something will happen that will lead it back to me. I don't really care so much if she gets fired (we aren't on the best of terms), but I am curious as to what action the college may take...not sure if anyone has an actual answer for that though.  You should definitely alert the school. Breaches like this put financial aid dollars at risk and can harm admissions when people find out about it through the grapevine. In terms of who to alert, tell the other person's supervisor if you know them. If you want to report anonymously, there should be an ethical hotline or email somewhere online. Worst case, your student conduct/integrity office can point your complaint to the right person. And don't worry about if they get fired or not. They are the one doing stupid things, it's not your fault if that bites them in the butt. 