 Yes. Thanks. Having worked in restaurants for years, I can’t give you a specific recommendation but a few things to look for while deciding where to apply: -You want a national chain with a corporate office because that means there’s an HR and lots of direct oversight. Avoid franchises like the plague- they operate like separate businesses, meaning payroll/w2s, etc are handled directly by the franchise owners, so the process of fixing an error or dealing with illegal treatment is more complicated. -avoid any place that requires her to sign an arbitration agreement (an agreement not to sue the company). If they want you to waive the right to sue in cases of employment discrimination/etc, chances are good they aren’t likely to treat their employees very well. -look at the menu prices. In my experience, more expensive chains have higher standards and tend to treat their employees better. Additionally, they are more likely to offer benefits, however minimal. Doesn’t the employer they have to pay the difference for her to reach the higher minimum wage if she doesn’t clear that in tips? [deleted] The question asked if it was legal. It is. Seizing tips like that is illegal in CA, ya know. Not including tips. That is a very important caveat. Which is another way of saying they can't deduct her pay at all nearly 100% of the time. ...Which is another way of saying "In nearly all real-world circumstances that have or will ever occur it is illegal and will remain so." Doesn't matter. Tips don't count for this calculation. If she's a server and her employer is taking the tip credit, as most do, her wage is considered to be minimum wage and therefore deductions for walkouts, etc. can not be taken. It would be based on the hours worked in any given shift, so no person should be able to have their wages for any single day reduced to less than the minimum wage. It is probably not enforced much by restaurants, because very few wait staff will have a base wage higher than the minimum wage for the district. We have been paying a lot of attention to Washington, but the truth is that this is permitted in many other jurisdictions as well. The key is that a person's wage for the purpose of these calculations cannot take into account tips. In other words, if a person makes tips, and there is a walk out, the walkout can only be applied against that person's base hourly wages. Why are you lying? It is not legal even if the server is negligent.  Do you know if the per hour rule accounts for an 8 hour shift, or a 40 hour work week? for example if you make less than min wage in 1 day, but make up for it the next day is that how its set up? Either way I don't think it's enforced. It depends on whether they are being paid more than minimum wage to begin with. As an experiment, imagine that she was being paid $16 an hour, and then had a dine and dash, she could be busted down to 13 and a quarter.  I wouldn't say the disjunctive cannon is that simple [or settled]() (see generally, pg 16). Looking at the DC provision in WestLaw; it's only cited in the filing in one case (which settled without the court interpreting it); and referenced in three other places. The first two are in their employment law state-by-state comparative treatise - the Employment Coordinator compensation. In that, it breaks the reference down into two separate provisions (both provisions cite the same statute we're discussing): . Coord. Compensation § 32:41. District of Columbia; Charges for breakage or mistakes . Coord. Compensation § 32:42. District of Columbia; Charges for fines or assessments However, the third "practical law" supplement uses the other interpretation, that breakages, walkouts, mistakes, fines, assessments, or charges may all be treated equally; and reduced provided it doesn't take them below minimum wage. My only hangup with that interpretation is the superfluous "to pay" that reading requires. If that was the proper reading, it would make more sense to just write "breakages, walkouts, fines, assessments, or mistakes on customer checks and similar charges". Adding in the repetitive separate verb clause "to pay" implicitly sets them up as two independent clauses. But without any case law or agency interpretations to interpret the ambiguity, it's really anyone's guess.  So what happens if in the process of attempting to stop a dine-and-dash, the waitress either injures the dasher seriously or is injured by the dasher? Since this attempt is condoned (perhaps even mandated) by the restaurant owner, shouldn’t the legal consequences for that injury redound completely on them?  INAT and not in DC, but when my sister waited tables she would call the police/security if someone tried to skip out. She got very good at recognizing shady customers who had no intention of paying. Depending on the value of the meal, and if they brought their children, the charges could be quite serious.  given that some wait staff are below minimum wage before tips,that means the above quoted section would actually make her immune if am not reading your post wrong [removed] It’s 100% legal in DC. It’s amazing to me the amount of misinformation that people spread on this sub.  not really, no lol. DC is a big place, if you can tell me the metro stop or neighborhood I can throw out some decent places. if she is on FB tell her to search for and try to get into the District Industry group.  A couple points: 1) Were you in Washington, DC? 2) Getting a settlement doesn't mean what they did was illegal, it means they didn't want to fight you in court about it for whatever reason (cost of fighting compared to settlement cost, damage to image, etc) As people have already posted, it IS legal in Washington DC in certain circumstances.  She wouldn't just because that's crazy. Not safe. He would find himself on the bad end of a lawsuit if something happens to her during that situation. Many C-Stores in CAdo not allow employees to chase criminals.  She's already looking. It's a small place, both owners work there. Waiting tables is pretty exploitative. Do you know of an ethical place? I think that's terrible. The owner actually told my daughter if someone is trying to skip out on the check to chase them, or grab them.  I work in DC. It's not legal but she'll just get fired if she reports it. She should go above her boss to the GM or owner and tell them the manager is telling her illegal things. she may be fired anyway. There are always new restaurant jobs in this city, she should start finding an ethical place of employment now. Marie Calendars took a mistake from my wife when she was working there. It was a little different but the waitstaff is the cashier and any errors were deducted from tips. One night she had to come out of pocket on a skipped meal. It is only legal if the customer walked out due to her negligence. Theres 0 way you can stop a table hell bent on dine and dash. Ive successfully sued an ex employer for this and for skimming tips [deleted] The way you are reading it is correct. It is on a per-day basis, not per period. The way I'm reading all of this is that the employer has to pay her at least (minimum wage, the normal one, not the reduced one for tipped employes) times (number of hours worked). It sounds like they can penalize her for walkouts, but not so much that it brings her total earnings below the amount of the above formula. No, he's saying they can do it if any of those cases occur. As I noted below, this is only legal if it doesn't reduce her pay below minimum wage. As a server, she is almost certainly paid the sub-minimum wage for tipped employees, with the tip credit making up the difference. As per the FLSA, which is Federal Law, employers who claim the tip credit may not take such deductions because the employee is considered to be paid minimum age, no matter how much they make in tips. The US DOL provides this handy fact sheet which explains it  Yes, but in practice it's illegal because, as a server, her pay is already below minimum wage. The tipped minimum in DC is $3.89 and hour. The actual minimum is $13.25. So her pay is already below minimum wage. The FLSA specifically calls out this provision here -outs, breakage, or cash register shortages reduce the employee’s wages below the minimum wage, such deductions are illegal. When an employer claims an FLSA 3(m) tip credit, the tipped employee is considered to have been paid only the minimum wage for all non-overtime hours worked in a tipped occupation and the employer may not take deductions for walkouts, cash register shortages, breakage, cost of uniforms, etc., because any such deduction would reduce the tipped employee’s wages below the minimum wage.  You're saying that the makers of this law intended for employers to be able to garnish a person's wages only if all of the conditions are met? That's ridiculous. Under the canons of statutory construction, which is not binding in court but is considered persuasive, “or” makes it an open list meaning that they can pick from any of the remedies unless it takes the wage below minimum wage. So it is legal.  That part might be out of date, then. That minimum wage would be what any penalty cannot reduce her below, once tips are ignored. The current minimum wage in the District is $13.25/hour as of July 1, 2018. ([DC.gov link]()) That document you linked to does say that (as of 1993) the DC minimum wage is federal minimum + $1. Would "minimum wage" in OP's context mean something different than the standard minimum of $13.25? Or might that part of it just be out of date? Thanks. She's not going to. She just wanted to know. She's looking for a new job already.  I disagree with your argument if only entirely on the basis of the lack of a semicolon or period there. However, the good news (such as it is) is that the minimum wage clause that applies would be the actual minimum wage, not the tipped minimum wage, and the penalty has to be applied without consideration of tips (meaning that tips given to the worker must be ignored when determining whether the walkout penalty reduces a worker below the minimum wage). I’m not entirely convinced the plain language of that provision permits it. The way the provision is set up can also be interpreted as two independent clauses, separated with the disjunctive “or”. or This reading would indemnify the employee from breakages, walkouts, and mistakes; but only indemnify them from fines, assessments, and charges to the extent that they must still pay minimum wage. Admittedly, the argument would be stronger if there was a semicolon in front of that “or”. But I’m more interested in seeing how the policy is actually enforced than the actual language because of it it. But I’d agree with other posters who recommend she doesn’t try to bring it up until it happens; and if it does, just file a wage claim and see if the board actually upholds it. The employer can’t retaliate against her for filing a wage claim.  For them to tell her that its perfect legal in Washington DC? Several posts below quote and reference the law allowing it. Ignore those who say this is not legal. It is, and if your daughter raises the issue, her employer is well within the law to fire her for whatever reason they want to cook up. In Washington, DC, the wage-hour board has set a rule that allows employers to charge employees for customer walkouts as long as it doesn't reduce the employee's pay to less than minimum wage for the district, which is ~~$1 more than the federal minimum wage.~~ 13 bucks an hour. It is rule 915. It sucks, and it's a stupid rule, but it's absolutely legal in the district. There is no state department of labor in DC, as it is not a state. Instead they have a [Labor Standards Bureau](). It’s legal in Washington DC as long as it doesn’t bring her below minimum wage for the week worked. “In addition, employers may not charge employees for the cost of the following if the charges reduce wages below the minimum wage (DC Wage-Hour Rules Ch. 9 Sec. 915): • Breakage • Walkouts • Mistakes on customer checks • Fines, assessments, or charges” [removed] NAL but a quick search pulls this up.  I would advise her to not make a big issue out of it unless it happens. Her going in citing the law and arguing with her manager now is a good way for her to just get let go for being a hassle. If it actually happens she can file a wage claim and will be reimbursed. She should under no circumstances agree to have wages deducted if it happens. She can be fired if a table skips out on a bill, or for almost any or no reason at all. Please does anyone know the law? So she can reference it? [removed] [removed]