 I have a surveillance app to watch my dog when I am gone for 4-5 hours a day and the only time he is literally sleeping the whole time. Last week the maintenance guys were working on the hallway floors so my dog was barking for a good amount of time during that week. Other than that, he rarely does. She stated that he goes up to the window and barks. I believe her to an extent, but he definitely doesn’t do it 24/7. Anyway she told me she asks her tenants to keep the dogs in crates in case of an emergency entry. It is not listed in the lease to keep a dog in the crate when no one is home. Am I required to? Totally agreed - I should have been more specific with my previous statement. Will leave it as is since you already addressed that thoroughly. Thank you! Thank you! Unless some weird local statute requires your dog to be crated. Or if the lease refers to rules and regulations and those rules require dogs to be crated. Or if OP is renting space in an HOA, the lease requires OP to comply with HOA regulations, and the HOA regulations require dogs to be caged. Or if OP knows his dog is creating a nuisance by not being crated. Or a number of other things that could possibly require the dog to be crated while OP is not at home. In general you're right. If the lease is silent on the matter OP doesn't have to cage his dog. Yeah, that is a pretty ridiculous request. If it were me, I'd ignore the first request, and if she asks again, simply say that, sorry, but you aren't comfortable keeping your dog crated for that long. Thank you. It definitely does not say that anywhere in the lease. I’m just not sure how to approach the situation again if she mentions it since I definitely won’t be putting him in the crate. If the lease changes then yes I will.  If your lease does not require you to keep your dog in a crate while you are gone: no.  If your lease requires you to keep your dog in a crate while you are gone: yes. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.