 Hello, First of all I just want to say I am very nervous, afraid and not in a good place mentally right now so if I don't make much sense or if I am all over the place I apologize, I will do my best to be organized and coherent. Thank you in advance to whoever reads this. I suffer depression and I am in treatment for it (I take medication), I am in medical school and I failed an exam on wednesday afternoon so it upset me (but I wasn't at the point of losing my mind), just really bummed out. I wanted to talk to my boyfriend about it as I was very upset since I have been getting lack of sleep as he only lets me sleep 1h at night because he decides to have a fight with me because he is horny and doesn't understand I need sleep over sex first, it is a constant ocurrence and due to sleep deprivation I am not able to study properly and keep failing exams, he also threatens everyday to break up with me and leave me homeless if I don't sleep with him so I have no choice to quit medical school and find a job to support myself as I come from an abusive home and I have tried to ask my parents to please let me come home but both have said no and absulotely refuse to. I told him that ok, he wins, I give up...I am tired, I am taking a break from med school and he can just throw me out like he keeps saying as I was just so fed up of the same thing all the time. His reply is "ok", he gets dressed to go to the gym to go with this girl to work out as if nothing happened and said "so when are you leaving? when are you grabbing your stuff and leaving? I need you to make a desicion right now so you can get out because we are 100% over, your education is over". That did not help telling me to make decisions while I was upset and saying my education is over, I financially depend on him and even if I decided to continue he is not going to pay for it and neither will my parents and the school required you to be there 12h and I can't get a loan or work (not in the U.S). I have no family, no support system, I have been with him for 12 years and I just felt very lost and alone and all I wanted was to finish my education to be free from anybody hurting me and I felt it was being taken away from me and due to being depressed I went into a crisis and gave myself an insulin overdose to end my life that evening (he saw me inject it). He was gonna walk out the door and go to the gym anyways as I sat there waiting for it to kick in, but I think he realized it is illegal to leave somebody in that state so he called my brother to deal with the situation and an ambulance so he could leave. Ambulance arrives and I almost got away with it as I lied to them and said I was ok but my brother told them I had an overdose so...my mother shows up (now? after all these years? anyways...) and goes with me on the ambulance and my brother goes to my house that was right infront of the ambulance to get my documentation and he finds out my boyfriend has locked us out and has dissapeared, no idea where he went. In the hospital I had a seizure and wet myself due to my blood sugar going too low and they almost lost me, I feel like shit right now. My boyfrined never contacted to know how I was and he was supposed to have the day off but went to work instead while I was hospitalized from an overdose. I am discharged after long hours and drugged the hell up, he comes home and doesn't even ask how I was and grabs all his money leaving nothing to be able to buy food with (I have no income as I study full time), his clothes and said he was leaving and I need to make desicions now as to when the fuck I am leaving. I told him the psychiatrist said I can't make decisions in this state of mind and need time to be calm about it, he kept pressurising me and one thing led to another and he grabbed my arm and gave it a very large twist...I bit him to get him to let go of me as he was hurting me, I am not proud of that but I felt that I needed to do it. He leaves, my arm 1h later swells up like mad and I have to go to the ER again...turns out I have 3 fractures. He fractured my scaphoid bone, distal part of my ulna and part of my 5th metacarpal. They are hairline fractures except for the scaphoid so I should heal ok, took me ages to type all of this with a damn cast on. He is currently staying at the house of the girl he went to the gym with, he refuses to speak to me and just wants me to make decisions I am not capable of making right now especially after all of this happened. We have been together for 12 years and I never expected this, it is very unlikely of him and I feel betrayed and abandoned? Sure, break up with me all you want, but there are times and moments and you do not take advantage of somebody in a vulnerable situation to gain control and make them feel worse when they are at risk and then just dissapear after extreme events. He says I am the abuser, that I bit him (I saw no other way for him to let me go...) he is going around showing his coworkers the bite bruises so they can see how horrible I am, that I am manipulative and that he is in the victim here and he is not in a stable place mentally to talk to me but yet wants me to make decisions after almost passing away and him breaking my arm. I do not understand. The logical part of me says this is domestic violence and that I should file a police report, but the other side of me thinks that maybe he is right? That I am manipulative and a control freak and I am doing it for those reasons? He wants to talk on monday but I do not, I blocked him everywhere, he is a trigger for me right now and I do not feel safe around him (he said that he doesn't feel safe around me and he is afraid of me...?). I need minimum a week of no contact before I even think about talking to him and if we talk I want a third party unbiased professional as a mediator so he cannot shout at me or so anything to not make me feel safe. What would happen to him if I filed the police report? He is also staying in my country illegally and where he is from he is a fugitive because he didn't complete his military service when drafted and that is punishable for 2 years in prison...he would also prpbably get deported due to being here illegally and his documents out of order despite of being in the E .U. I see this as ruining his life and I do not want to do that but the logical part of me says breaking a person's arm and ditching them when they are at risk is not a joke and I should do something about it but I dunno... I am so so so so sorry, I know I am a rambler, annoying and go on and on (he says I am anyways) and I hope I haven't bothered or made anybody angry or upset at me for wasting their time reading this for me being silly or something. Thank you We are both on the lease as when we both moved in we were both working, 3 years ago before medical school I was working and paying my share. Universities do not offer any accomodation here, they own buildings that are next to the faculty but you have to pay rent just like any other apartment and I cannot afford that. They force me to take a minimum ammount of credits and the dateline for asking part time is over, plus you have to present a work contract or having children to get part time and since they require you to be there 12h because classes and practice are obligatory...impossible to work. I get up at 5:30 am and get home at 10pm...half an hour to shower and sleep and start over. They also only give loans if you have a permanent working contract and I don't have that. NAL. I'm very sorry you are going through this, it's a lot to handle, especially alone without the help of family/friends. Keep evidence of your injuries, save his texts, and any other abusive behaviour your boyfriend displays. It is up to you to decide what to do, but I would absolutely advise you to report him to the police. Whether he gets sent back to his country or not has nothing to do with you. He should not have hurt you, end of. Also note that sleep deprivation is abusive. Since you are considering reporting him, I would also urge you to stop relying on him, and especially staying at his place (I'm assuming if he is the only one paying he is probably the only one on the lease too.) I would speak to student support at the university you study (or studied), and explain the situation. You would be surprised how often universities have to deal with difficult cases like yours. Do they have student accommodation you could stay at? I'm not sure how things work in Spain, but in other EU countries universities offer small loans for emergency situations like yours. Also see whether you can make an education plan with them where you continue you education part-time while also working at the same time, in order to be able to pay your fees. You sound like you are in a very vulnerable position, so I would also make sure with the doctor who's prescribing you medication that you get some psychotherapy in addition to the meds. It will help wonders. Good luck. Of course, and you went to the hospital, so you have records. But if he talks to someone first, for example, he could say he did it in retalition to abusive behavior and the bite. He could also not say anything, but he's already spreading misinformation around. Like I said, in this situation, you need to worry more about protecting yourself than protecting him. I'm sorry you're going through this, I know it doesn't make it any easier. Surely though they would see my arm in a cast and suspect something else is going on though? If they were to see the bites. This definitely sounds like domestic violence. This part is speculation, but it may be he started a relationship with the girl he is staying with, or something else like this that has caused his behavior to change. In regards to his behavior, he is gaslighting you. It is a commom tactic abusers employ. Despite your apprehension, I think you should definitely report it to the police. If you don't, he may use the bite against you somehow, which would leave you in a bad place. Honestly, his problems are his own now. The same way he's left you all alone with yours. That's about all the advice I have unfortunately. Please take care of yourself.  Yeah I would not assume he is telling the truth about her being a lesbian. And sex is not a basic need for anyone, not even men, or all the single men would be dead of lack of sex. Trying to guilt you into it is just another manipulative thing he's done. He told me this girl is a lesbian, though. But I don't know how true that is since after what he did I don't trust a word he says anymore. I couldn't have sex with him because things outside the bedroom were bad, the lack of sex is a secondary thing but he claims it was the main problem. He said sex is more important than sleep to him and it is a basic need for him and if I don't have sex with him then I do not find him attractive, love him or care about him. When in fact I am just exhausted and after all our discussions I am unable to sleep with him. He sounds abusive, and he's probably dating gym girl too. I can't give you any legal advice, I know nothing about Spanish law. But he seems to have confused you into questioning whether you might be abusive to him, and I just want to point out that from your story, he sounds clearly abusive and manipulative. Only letting you sleep one hour, and forcing you into sex, for instance, are not normal, loving behaviors. I assume he wanted you for free sex and now he has found another girl for that and doesn't care about you anymore, if he ever cared about you in the first place. In all probability, he was always an abuser, but initially hid it and slowly ramped it up so you got habituated to it. Abusers tend to do that. I'm so sorry this has been and is happening to you.