 I’ll cut straight to the chase, I was charged with criminal mischief 2 and criminal trespass 2 in the state of Oregon. A little backstory, late last year I was drinking at home and when I put my dog outside I saw a person coming through my fence and when the person saw me they went back towards the neighbors house I trespassed on. I have lived here for almost a year and have had a lot of people coming from this house (that is a multi room rented out home) and stealing things from my backyard. My landlord installed a very small fence to try and stop people from coming back but it continually happened. That particular night I was mad because I had a fire pit stolen the night before that I had just purchased. I’m not excusing my behavior but I went next door after I saw the person leave to where I thought they were going. I trolled around the back part of the house trying to catch them and had a rock in my hand at the time. I was drunk at the time and this was around 1 in the morning so my recollection of the night is foggy at best. Fast forward to a couple weeks ago and a police officer came to my house and questioned me about it. They asked if I had broken a window (to which I replied no the entire time because I honestly don’t recollect doing it) and then showed surveillance of me next door that was me and asked about the window again, apparently the window was not caught on camera from what I gathered. Either way he wrote out the citation and left. Today I had what was supposed to be court and when I got there the clerk gave me a piece of paper that said the DA has not issued charges yet. It stated exactly. “ Temporary No Action” “ There is no record of a criminal complaint being filed with the county DA’s office. Please be aware that the DA may file a complaint at a later date.” The woman told me essentially the same thing the paper said and mentioned if there was charges another cop would come re write the citation and I’d get another date. Just trying to see if anyone else has dealt with something like this? It makes me nervous and I’m curious if this is standard practice. Any advice/dealings with you can give me would be very much appreciated. Thanks in advance. Thank you for your input. It’s helps  I'm a lawyer, though not in your state. It's common practice even if it might be called something slightly different in different jurisdictions.  How do you know? Just curious  It is standard practice and means exactly what it says. They're basically putting the case on the back burner for now but might decide to move forward with it later. It's a toss up as to whether they actually will or not, but if you get in any more trouble it's pretty much guaranteed they'll move forward. 