 I live in the UK and have started working for a care company in a senior carer position where one of my responsibilities is to give out medication. I have been there six weeks and had next to no training about the new role and there has been little support if any offered to me. I was told on October 18th that if I did the theory test for medication on my weekend off then I would be able to have my practical competency done the following Monday 22nd. I completed the theory with 100% on each one as this is required to pass. On the Monday I was told I couldn't do my competency as the clinical manager didn't have time and would do it another day. The home manager and clinical manager said I was not allowed to administer medication until I was deemed competent. The other senior carers were also told this Nothing has happened since then and I have brought it up with the home manager and recently the company's quality manager too. I have just been told to work on the floor to get used to it - I have worked as a care assistant in different homes for three years and I learnt sufficient information in the first two weeks as most floors are fairly similar. This Sunday 18th the senior carer on shift said to me come and do the lunch time medication with me. I said I wasn't allowed and he replied saying how could I pass a competency if I have never done it before? Let me show you what needs to be done and I'll do it with you. He showed me the system, I checked the dose, popped the medication and then he checked it also. I then gave it to the residents most of which he saw. He didn't come through to some of the rooms with me as I gave them to the residents there. We did the round and it was all signed in his name. We did the tea time round and again, there were no problems and he was with me whilst I was getting the medication out. He didn't go to a couple of rooms with me though. All signed in his name. I get a call this morning and my manager and clinical manager are fuming. A residents family reported me as they saw me administering medication - I don't know how they knew I was training or not deemed practically competent. They were also in the room at the time and held the water for their relative and I had no complaints from the relative. My managers have offered no support to me in this and are safeguarding us because of it. I asked her is she going to sack me and she said maybe and that I might get put on the ombudsman list and never work in care again. I barely held it together on the phone and was crying so couldn't really say much. She said she's going to speak to HR and start a formal investigation tomorrow. I understand that I should have got approval to do medication with someone else before doing it but I am so sick of the lack of training and support that I agreed to do it. It's my responsibility to make sure I am trained in my job and if the company are dragging their heels then I will do my best to learn what I need to know. My other senior colleague (haven't spoken to yet) agrees with this lack of training and I think he was just trying to help me out but it backfired as he is also being reported. I believe this should have been sorted internally without involving the local authority. How much fault am I to accept here? 