 Early this year I crashed at a friend's place. A bunch of people had just moved out and the lease was cancelled and the house was in limbo. My friend was starting a new lease but the landlord demanded that four people sign the lease because there are four bedrooms. But there were only 3 permanent residents. So at risk of being evicted, they pressured me into signing my name to the lease to even though I was only going to crash there for a few weeks. I should have refused but I didnt. Fast forward to now and I haven't lived in that house since May. None of the original tenants that were there back when I crashed there live there anymore, everyone fled because of ad group dynamics and the terrible condition of the house (leaks that prevent the shower from working, collapsing roof. The landlord is a slum lord who owns a poor neighborhood here in Pittsburgh and lives in Oregon) The current inhabitants arent paying the rent. Idk why. But they might get evicted. But it won't be them getting evicted, it'll be me, who's still on the lease. I don't know what to do. I've tried talking to him about it but he said I wasn't allowed to leave and I had to have someone else take my place on the lease but the oogles living there won't do it. I don't know what to do. I know I screwed up being coerced into signing this lease when I wasn't even living there but I can't undo that. I've never met him, he lives on the other side of the country, but I can call him I don't have any money, I'm entirely incapable of paying that entire rent myself. I guess I'll just have to take the eviction, my life is already screwed anyway so I guess it won't matter You can go to the landlord and speak to them, and if they're extremely kind and generous saints, they might take your name off the lease. Otherwise, you can pay the rent, or get an eviction on your record. You're still responsible for the rent until you get your name removed. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.