 Hey Reddit, This is my first ever post and I was directed here by a friend. So I live in Iowa and about 6 days ago I had called the police to my house while under the influence of lsd and xannax. They took my marijuana, about 5 grams, bong, and the xannax. I am currently being charged with: possession of marijuana and unlawful possession of a prescription drug. I am 19 and have no prior charges. I went into a police station on the second of December and was told and handed paperwork for both charges saying that my first court date was on the eleventh on December. The very next day (5 days after the initial calling of police) on the third a police officer showed up to my house and told me there was a warrant out for my arrest due to me missing my court date that wasn't for another week. I tried to explain to the officer and show him the paperwork but there was already a warrant out for my arrest. He took me down to the jail processed and booked me I spent the next four-ish hours in a jail cell until my parents scrounged up 1000$ for my cash only bail after the banks were already closed. After the jailer looked into my case he suggested that we call the clerk of court to try to figure everything out. I decided to head to the courthouse myself to figure things out instead of trying to do everything over the phone. The clerk of court didn't know what to do so she sent us up to talk to the judge in which she acknowledge I was wrongfully arrested. She then released the bail money and rescheduled my preliminary hearing to December the 21st, I have NO lawyer and have no idea about law or what action to take from here please help! You need a lawyer ASAP Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an illegal act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. As far as cost goes, I can't even begin to guess. Your state public defender's office will have a sense of cost for their services. Some states are free for everyone, some are sliding-scale based on income, some are flat rate but inexpensive. If you can afford ~~one~~ a private defense attorney, expect to spend a couple thousand dollars. EDIT to add: private defense attorneys are frequently better choices because they earn more and are less overworked. But even an overworked public defender is better than nothing, which is what you have now. Thank you for your response as it has been the most helpful. Would you recommend I hire a criminal defense attorney or a public defender, and on average how much would each run me? Again THANK YOU! Stop, do not pass go, do not collect $200. Your wrongful arrest wasn't really wrongful because the officer was acting on his best information at the time. You have no further recourse there. Your bail has been refunded, so the problem is for all intents and purposes solved. You may get credit for time served, but let's be honest, four hours ain't much. Based on my reading of the statutes, if found guilty you will have a fine of between $300-$1000 for the marijuana, plus a period of 48 hours to one year in jail, and identical penalties for the prescription drugs (your mileage may vary, probation may be an option, depending on the judge, et cetera et cetera) You need a criminal defense attorney. If you cannot afford one you may be able to have one assigned to you. Contact the clerk of the court for further instructions, or better yet, contact the state public defender's office: Your attorney will give you instructions. Follow them. Listen to your attorney. Do what he or she says. A capable attorney can get those charges - and penalties - busted down to the minimum. But only if you have a lawyer and you do what that lawyer says. The judge acknowledged that my court date was not until the 11th and released my bail money though. I'm not sure I follow you. There probably isn't much you can do. You should get credit for the time you have served during sentencing. Please read the middle paragraph. I was not arrested on the night I called the police but 5 days later for failure to appear at court on a day I was not scheduled for court. Then if he was arrested for that and had a bench warrant then he wasn’t wrongfully arrested either.  He was arrested for missing a court date that hadn't happened yet. Ready the post. you need to hire a criminal defense attorney