 You know the type, rapsheets.org most specifically but also arrests.com and potentially one other. Mostly concerned with the rapsheets.org though, and I’ll tell you why. A little back story I was a drug addict, clean three years now but my last arrest was in 2014 and it shows up online as an arrest via probation violation in New Hampshire. Aside from that I have two DUIS from 2013. These are all government affiliated websites and I know these will not be removed, that’s alright. I haven’t googled myself for a while until recently but I did a few weeks ago because we are searching for a new apartment and I wanted to refresh my memory on exactly what things said so I could explain if needed. It’s all 5 years old and I have some good things to show for myself now like references, decent credit etc etc so I wasn’t expecting a complete deal breaker - also age of this is important five years is a long time and I was hoping to be cut a break despite not looking the best on paper. I have a son and a family and I’m looking for a NICE place not another crack house type deal because my life has changed significantly since becoming sober. So aside from the very last thing being an arrest on a warrant by my PO in 2014 I have not been I. Trouble. I finished up probation in July of 2017, I transferred my probation from NH to ME in September 2016 because I moved. This is where the “new” shit pops up online. I googled myself recently not expecting anything new at all but I see rapsheets and I click on it seeing what looks like a mug shot (isn’t a mug shot it’s my probation transfer picture but in the picture that day I had my hair a mess no make up on and I look like complete shit it was taken in 2016 so I was clean for over a year at this point but the picture like I said looks like SHIT) also picture is same background as a mug shot just plain nasty off whitish color. Below it has information like “status - in community” “earliest release date - 2017” i believe to a civilian like a landlord or ever ANYONE it looks like I was released from jail or prison in 2017 which isn’t the case, that’s when I got off probation. It’s now 2018 almost 2019 so I guess it’s still a bit of time but it looks like shit and I just want it gone so I can have a better chance at getting the house or apartment I would like. Also while I’m at it I would like my older shit removed from these “media websites” I did email a few places who do removals for 2500 and while I can afford it I would rather not, it’s fifty fifty scam city in my mind via that route. I’m thinking is this sue-able? I would much rather pay a lawyer to take care of this for me. It’s all correct information by the way if that helps at all. Also if it isn’t a sue able case I was thinking just a legality wordy message may or may not get them to take it down (that’s if they don’t try to extort me for money which in that case I’ll have a lawyer on retainer faster than they can even respond to me) Any suggestions on how to word a message to ask them to take down this crap? Thanks in advance!  Good idea I have looked into it lightly, seems a little time consuming so I may not get the results I need immediately for my apartment search but it doesn’t hurt for the future. I think you’re right and I’ve probably exhausted all other options, not the best scenario but it comes up first result first page of google it would absolutely make an impact being pushed to second or even third page if possible. You can ask them- they don't have to actually do it. Your best bet here is to look at "search engine optimization" options that will push all those results way down so that no no one sees them. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.