 A while ago I was starting to wonder the legality of our employer forcing us to take an unpaid meal period after we finish our actual shift, because it kind of seemed ridiculous, but I didn't check the laws for a while. Today I decided to finally look up the rest period laws in our state. The important part was [here:]() Q. Is the meal period required to be taken during a particular time during the worker’s shift? A. Yes; if the work period is at least six hours but less than seven hours, the meal period is to be taken after the second hour worked and prior to the commencement of the fifth hour worked. If the work period is more than seven hours, the meal period is to be taken after the third hour worked and prior to the commencement sixth hour worked. So my employer is clearly breaking state rest meal period laws, is it not? Am I missing something? I just feel like I'm missing something because it's a very big company, I can't believe their lawyers or regional managers would be so stupid as to risk a lawsuit? But my situation seems to clearly show they're breaking that part of labor law, by them requiring us to stay for our half hour meal period AFTER the shift (meaning they did not give the rest period within the specified time window). And the biggest question: where do I go from here? On our time clocks today, I pressed no when the question was asked if I had been given the opportunity for that break. I know the usual process when you select "no" is they approach you and tell you that you need to sign a piece of paper saying that they did give you that opportunity. The first thing you should do is print out a copy of the laws from the BOLI website, then see if you can gather some co-workers and approach management as a group and say "we wouldn't want \[Company\] to get into trouble for not following the law, so it looks like we really should be taking our unpaid lunch break in the middle of our shifts rather than at the end." The "WE" in that sentence is critical and is meant to reflect "us and the company," not just "us," as it makes it seem more cooperative, and like you care as much as they do about the company not running afoul of the law, blah blah blah, rather than "um, do this or I report you." You know? If they acknowledge that they KNOW the law, but they have no plans to OBEY the law, then you can report them to BOLI, and if you were able to gather a group of employees together, it makes them less likely to act in retaliatory ways, which is also illegal, but doesn't stop a lot of companies. Good luck. But you may also want to start job searching, just in case.