 This past summer, I signed a lease and moved into a new place. I was just signing the lease for one bedroom of a three bedroom unit. This was in early May. The lease was for a year, but I could move out on June 1, July 1, August 1, or September 1, as long as I had given 30 days notice. I applied to teach English abroad in the Czech Republic last winter, and was put down as an alternate (i.e. if someone couldn't make it/couldn't afford it, etc. then I would be in the program). I got a call in late August that two people couldn't make it, and I was offered a spot. I told my landlord, with whom I was friendly and on really good terms, that I had to move out. He seemed excited for me, and told me it was fine. I told him to keep the security deposit for the inconvenience, and also paid for the entire month of September rent even though I moved out on August 31, because it seemed like the nice thing to do as I was leaving so suddenly. I even made a Craigslist posting and helped set up showings for the room. In October, my grandma got sick, and I decided to not go to the Czech Republic as I didn't feel comfortable going there for a year when my family needed help and my grandma wanted to see me. Now I'm trying to rent a studio apartment, and the landlord reference is less than stellar because I had to move out suddenly. The new prospective landlord is now wary of renting to me, and I don't know how to make it better. Before that, I rented an apartment and stayed there for the full year lease, no problems. I also lived at a friends house without a lease, but paid rent every month, and stayed there for an entire year, so it's not like moving out without notice is a trend for me.  The new landlord doesn't have an obligation to rent to you they believe you're not a trustworthy renter due to breaking your previous lease early. So you can show evidence that this was a one-time occurrence due to extenuating circumstances or find a different place to rent. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.