 I'm 24 from NY and I have Geico, have had them for about two years. I've also had my license for the same amount of time. On 10/17 of this year a lady ran a stop sign trying to beat me through an intersection and I clipped the rear quarter panel of her car. On the street I was driving down there was NO stop sign, only on her street. I was driving the speed limit, or barely because my friend lives on the same block and I had just picked him up. The whole front end of my car was destroyed (I drive an 05 Hyundai Tiburon made of fiberglass so you'd imagine). After all is said and done the insurance determined its 85/15, meaning 85% her fault and 15% mine. It also took me 2 weeks for Geico to get me a rental (2 weeks of uber) and I only got one because I spoke to someone who knew what they were doing finally. Around the time of me getting a rental my car also finally got taken to a shop. It is 12/2, and my car is still not fixed, my rental expires on 12/5 and I feel as if the person handling my claim hasnt handled it correctly with how long this has been drawn out. I didnt get refunded for my uber rides, I had to pay to extend my rental due to how slow theyre moving, they raised my insurance to 400$ for absolutely no reason which I cant afford, they told me i cannot cancel my insurance unless I turn my plates into the DMV and I have not been getting straight answers about anything. Is there any way I can fight this so that I am 0% at fault for this accident, as there was no indication for me to stop nor was I breaking any driving laws and also is there any way to receive a reimbursement to anything that had to come out of my pocket due to them being slow? Thank you in advance, wasnt sure how to explain this properly as I've been so stressed from everything going on. Any additional information needed I'll be happy to give. at the end of the day i just want to be reimbursed. Generally I would start with a personal injury lawyer, and then they can recommend where to go if they don't handle it. The issue is that it is a fairly small case unless there is BI...  What kind of lawyer handles these cases ?  Because the other party is at fault you should be able to request an extension on the rental car because that is not limited as it would be on your own policy. Insurance is about making you whole, and if the other party fails to do that then you have a bad faith claim issue and I would high advocate contacting a lawyer.  I hit them in the rear after she ran a stop sign,They also have geico as well. Yes, there are options. Work your way up the foodchain to a manager above the adjuster. Because you were hin in the rear it is generally 100% the fault of the other person. Why are you going through your own insurance and not the insurance of the driver who hit you?  Didn't even think about this ! thank you. You can also cross-post on r/insurance for help.