 I received this letter (grammatical errors included) from my landlord on December 4. $100,000.00 in liability as a minimum. The certificate holder should read [redacted]. We need to get a copy of your declarations page by December 31. 2018. If we do not receive it by then there will be a $75.00 monthly charge until we do receive a copy. There was sales material for "low cost renters insurance" attached. I assume they get commission whenever they sell a plan. Is this legal? The cant change your lease before it expires. If you are month to month they can add the requirement for the next monthly term. You should get renters insurance regardless, it's foolish not to carry it. If you have an auto insurance carrier, you should contact them about purchasing a rental policy. They usually offer discounts for having both policies. They cannot change the terms of your lease to add a new requirement. While they cannot legally enforce this action, it's legal for them to ask and threaten. You can fight that battle if you want, but honestly, having renter's insurance is often just a good idea, and pretty cheap. I wouldn't go without but don't know your situation. Was this in your lease agreement? Otherwise, talk with your neighbors, and get together with a lawyer to talk about it You can choose whatever insurance company you want, I imagine. If the landlord gets a commission in the insurance, they should reveal it. They may, they may not. You can certainly ask. Yes, a landlord may require renter's insurance. There are many companies out here. if it was not in the documentation and contract when your signed for the house then no i wouldn't imagine? unless of course you've finished your contract and are on a monthly rolling plan? i could be wrong though, I'm no legal adviser.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.