 So I was told to come here and tell my story, because I'm having a full blown anxiety attack over a call I received. So to start I received a call about an hour ago stating that I was going to be served on Friday for a lawsuit in my name. I asked who I was being taken to court by, but they gave me no information, just a number to call for more details. So I call the number and give my name, and the person on the other line gives me my last 4 of my social back. They put me on hold for about 7 mins or so and then come back on the line informing me I'm being sued by Wells Fargo for a negative bank account amount I had ten years ago. The thing that set off the "this is legit" flags in my head is that I did have an account with them and I stopped using it around that time because they lied about overdraft protection and were constantly hitting me with $100+ overdraft fees. This person states that they are suing me for $2000 in the debt, as well as breaking legal documentation and defrauding a contract (I think, I was pretty much in full panic mode at the time). I told them that I felt this was fishy and I'd just have to wait for the summons to court then and they hung up. So I'm curious if this is legit or some really well done scam. I am aware that a lot of people's personal information has been leaked, including bank statements (My wife still uses Wells Fargo and has received multiple letters stating they had been hacked and information may have been taken). However, most scammers try and get information out of you, and there had been no effort in either call. I also checked and people who send out summons apparently can call to set up a meeting to give the paper work (again, no effort made) or to inform a summons is coming. I also googled the phone numbers and found no attachment to a legal office or, in fact to anything other than adverts for reverse phone number look ups. I'm pretty confident that this was a scam, but to keep me from dying from a heart attack waiting for Friday, I wanted to see if there was a reason to be concerned. That’s what happened in my version of the scam. It’s just shit to scare you and they have no concern if they even have the right person.  Who said anything about a warrant? It’s a scam to tell someone you’ve got a warrant for their arrest and you’re a sheriff when that’s not true. By the way I DIDN’T want to pay it because it actually wasn’t my debt.  That isn't a scam, that's just collecting on a valid debt. Just because you didn't want to pay it doesn't make it a scam. Its almost impossible to say if this is a scam or not. It certainly sounds fishy, but it also is missing some things that I would expect from a scammer such as a demand to pay money to stop the suit, etc. I would not talk to them on the phone anymore if they call back, but if you do get a summons, then you need to contact a lawyer. This is a well known scam. It’s a collection agency that bought the old debt and is trying to make you pay. They can’t arrest you. Don’t call them back anymore. If they call back, hang up and block the number.  None, just my name on the second call. Any other information was given back to me, such as my name on the first call and my last four on the second as confirmation Most likely a scam. Not sure of your location, but if the issue is 10 years old the Statute of Limitations most likely passed. If you “are being served” then a Complaint has already been filed and a summons most likely issued. Search for your name in your local clerk of court online records to see if there is anything. If not, most likely a scam. I would monitor your credit just to be sure. $2,000 is a very specific number, since a lawsuit of that type would alleged interest accrued over time and attorney’s fees. Typically amounts cited within a Complaint are only to certify the lawsuit meets the court’s jurisdictional threshold. Did you give any additional personal information?  Scam