 Reposting this hoping for other opinions/advice. Previous advice given to lawyer up and confront the school. Wondering if this is the correct option to start with. I’m not against it but I would like to explore all options first. Using a throwaway. Also not sure if this is the correct subreddit to post in. My sister is a senior at a private, Christian high school. A couple years ago, a boy in her class, who she was kind of friends with, made very sexual gestures and comments at her when they were alone in an area of campus. He eventually evolved into grabbing her butt and touching her genital area repeatedly through her pants. Thankfully she was wearing pants instead of a skirt or something easily accessible. She’s talked to many of her friends who sadly have went through some sort of sexual harassment/assault by this boy during the last two years. He’s forcibly kissed another girl, constantly makes sexual comments at my sister and her friends. One of her friends agreed to go out with him recently and when they were making out, and the friend confided in my sister that while they were, this boy became increasingly aggressive, dry humping her, trying to force her legs open, etc. Other incidents include him violently shoving his hand down one girl’s pants on a school trip, ending with his hand actually touching her privates, and a lot of unwanted grabbing/touching of others. From what I’ve been told, his behavior has escalated and I genuinely believe he will evolve into a rapist at some point. Obviously I have no factual knowledge of this but based on his behavior pattern and response to “no”, it seems highly likely. There is photographic proof of him admitting to the inappropriate touching. Unfortunately, their school is one of those that would shift the blame to the woman. Apparently they held an assembly at one point because they were considering banning skirts, with the reason “it distracts the boys from their education”. My sister and her friends want to do something about this boy. They are afraid of bullying/repercussions as a result of reporting him to the school administrators. What can they do to protect themselves and how should they go about reporting this? Anonymous letter was considered though they are 100% sure the school will bury it. To add: he has not raped anyone to my knowledge, would the grabbing and touching be enough to have a criminal case against him? Thank you. When crimes are committed against people, they should go to the police. The school is not the police department. Sexual assault/battery is a crime.  Ok, I see, thank you. It's enough to take to the police. Whether they take action to investigate after that is up to them. They don’t have proof of the assault taking place but the boy admitted to touching her inappropriately and they saved the text. Is that enough?  Take the evidence of assault that you have to the police.