 I guess I'm trying to see if what they did was wrong. I feel violated, and I have heard that this would not fly in other cities. An unmarked SUV full of undercovers pulled guns on me without announcing they were police. This caused a high-speed chase as I thought I was being mugged or abducted. I'm sure this is why they dropped the charges, as they endangered my life as well as others on the road. They did find a small bag of drugs on me at the time. However they kept the car after dropping the charges. I'm not one to take advantage of society, but I feel violated both in the way that the police made me fear for my life, and then in the aftermath they are saying I owe them $15,000 for a car valued at 600$. I attempted to sign the car over to the city of Chicago in an attempt to stop the storage fees, but they would not accept that. It is gaining interest at a rate faster than I could pay it down. I don't think lawyers will help you as you are no longer dealing with US laws. I am not very familiar with this but you might want to search around for people who specialize in credit, 'fix your credit' maybe? I know, I just feel so lost and I'm not sure where to start. It seems like everywhere I turn there is no clear direction. I've even called half a dozen lawyers now, and none of them seem to know anything. They have the car, and it sounds like it is theirs now regardless of whether or not they want it. It is up to you to dispute the charges that will (or likely are) now on your credit. You should have started disputing this a while ago. Obviously I don't know the whole story, but he did say that the charges were dropped. You should not be charged for the officer's or government's mistake. If impound wants to charge someone it should be the government. The reason it was impounded for 5 years, according to him, is because he couldn't afford the initial cost. I am sure there were several bad decisions for OP that lead to this point, but I still stand by my statement that they are taking advantage of him. Yeah, what he didn't say in this one is that the car's been sitting there for years. He's edited his previous post, but ISTR that they've had it for like five years. Sometimes "talk to an attorney" is the best advice you'll get from a free collection of armchair legal-beagle-wannabes. Not all of us are attorneys, and even those who are don't want to try and talk to a client this way.  You're right, they yelled at me to stop but then pulled guns when I didn't. They just yelled to get out of my car. I'll prob. Update with more details as it's hard to get a concrete answer. You'll need an attorney for this one that handles asset forfeiture/impound cases, based on the information you're giving us. I also don't think we're getting the full story here of what happened that led to the impounding, which is important in a matter like this. On what basis did law enforcement all point weapons at you? I doubt it was "just because". I tried, they will not accept it because it's too old. [deleted] There were hardly answers, save for one "talk to an attorney". I was hoping someone might have some more specific knowledge this time. [More answers here, where you posted this same question recently.](=joz2ulby sh=7e664986) Also marijuana is decriminalized in Chicago for up to an ounce so it was some other narcotic.  It may be a civil asset forfeiture issue. You mentioned that they found you with drugs. Lawyer up.  You need an attorney that specializes in impound cases. This is intentional policy on the part of the city to squeeze as much as possible out of people. 