 Hello, this is my first ever reddit post (I'm a long time lurker). I (29F) have a twin brother with autism and a nonverbal learning disorder. He is extremely high-functioning in some ways (he can drive, he has a full-time job, etc), however he has no conception of money and is overly trusting and eager to make friends. He volunteers as an equipment manager for the local football team at the area's largest public school. He has done this for years and knows a lot of the people who have graduated from that school. Long story short some kid who was recently kicked out of school there knew my brother and asked him to give him money, and my brother went to an ATM and withdrew $1600 for him (because he was his "friend). This is more than 2 months' salary for my brother, and he overdrew on his account by $750. Besides the troubling fact that an atm allowed him to withdraw that much at one time without suspending his account, I want to know what if any action we can take legally. My parents spoke with the police, and even though we know the kid's name, they basically said because my brother withdrew the money himself there is nothing they can do. My brother has a documented developmental disability and receives social security (limited due to his employment, obviously). Any feedback would be appreciated. If it helps I live in PA.  Seems that it worked out, but as stated above... if he was willing to do this, he may need more supervision. This was just money, but it would be a shame if someone took advantage of him in any other way.  It may very well involve changing ownership of the account, or opening a new account entirely. I'm not suggesting you can do this without his permission or involvement. Primary or not, it’s likely a joint account and limits placed on his bank card must come from him. I can’t place a restriction on my partners card because he’s an equal owner of the funds. And even if the bank employee goofed and places this type of restriction, 1) they could be severely reprimanded/terminated and 2) the brother can go in and remove such restrictions.  Just a heads up that the type of account you’re looking for may fall under a Rep Payee Account and requires a court documentation. It’s worth speaking to an attorney to get an evaluation on if it’s possible. I’ve only ever seen Rep Payee Accounts opened for children who receive SSI due to severe disabilities from birth or elderly who have degenerative disorders.  Thanks we will do this. She's speaking with the bank today. Adding to what others have posted (especially /u/2there2square ). This event should be enough evidence to your parents that they need sole control of your brother's finances. You already stated that your mother is the primary on his account. She needs to go in to the bank and see if they have the ability to set daily maximums for your brother and his bank card. She should discuss this matter with the bank and definitely have a limit put on his card, but more reasonably rethink his ability to withdrawn money. Others can tell he is suggestible, this is likely to happen again. There should be a plan put in place to make sure this doesn't happen again and to reassess other independence measures he currently has. Unfortunately, it seems like his level of function may have been misassessed.  You may call Adult Protective Services. It is unclear if your brother would meet the definition of a vulnerable adult in Pennsylvania. It seems to be more loosely defined than some jurisdictions that I am more familiar with: [=2010 sessInd=0 act=70](=2010 sessInd=0 act=70) But, it's not necessary for you to know if he is eligible for APS intervention. You need only to suspect that abuse or neglect of a vulnerable adult is taking place, and you may make a truthful report. Well there is a huge question mark around how he was logistically able to withdraw that much money at 1 time, it makes no sense he didn't even have that much to take out. My mom is the primary that's how she discovered the withdrawal.  Well maybe. But you can't sue for somebody to return a gift.  Your brother needs to sue the "friend" who borrowed the money for it to be returned.  The problem is that your parents decided that he was high functioning enough to manage his own money or at least withdraw his own without limit. This is what he did with the choice they made. The police have let you know their take on it. Are your parents primaries on your brothers bank accounts? 