 August I paid retainer for product development with Visa on PayPal. Had my lawyer draft a CPPA which the company was reviewing. They signed MNDA. I didn’t sign their proposal as I was waiting for CPPA to be signed. Since NDA was signed, I disclosed company and product information so they could be familiar with it. They presented some low effort, no-value work like the following: -poor quality hand drawings and descriptions of concepts (google images would have been better, in fact some concepts were just google images) which I explicitly said was already done, in writing, and expressed my dissatisfaction with this work at the time. It was so poor quality I had foolishly assumed only 1-2 hours was spent so accepted it as part of the first phase of them understanding the product. 3 months later I am being billed 20 hours for this at $105 an hour. I see now that the hand drawing was to prove gouge for billable hours. -I had provided a physical prototype I had already completed with other engineers, and other material for them to get familiar with. A 4 minute video of one person using a completely different product was provided with the only value in an email “yes it seems this will work.” They only used half the material provided as well, which was provided for them to use fully to gain understanding. I am being billed 3.5 hours for this, again 3 months later. I had foolishly assumed less than 10 minutes was spent here. -I went to a trade show to gather information before proceeding, also I had requested two more times that paperwork be signed, and this was expressed in writing. Instead they did another 16 hours of “concepts and research” which I have been provided next to nothing on. I don’t even know what this research was, even when I asked he said “I’m not going to waste time showing you.” The proposal said invoices would be every two weeks. It’s been three months. I believed not enough work had been done yet to even warrant an invoice. 5 requests from me for paperwork were either ignored or brushed off, and now finally declined. A peaceful resolution was promised within 48 hours on Nov 23rd. 96 hours elapsed until I received their resolution..... “you seemed happy with some of the work so we refuse to refund any of the invoices, and here is an additional invoice for 6.75 hours of research we did in the last couple days.” No supporting evidence, quotes, emails or anything was provided. I’ve escalated with PayPal, and already spoke with Visa. I’m afraid I’ll have a problem getting my money back even though PayPal and Visa are likely to side with me since there are no contracts signed and all of my instructions are in writing and even acknowledged in emails. Just looking for some guidance here on getting all, most of some of this back. Thanks. 