 Disclaimer: I know having a baby is not an excuse. I’m not shirking responsibility for dropping item. Please if you don’t have legal advice, don’t bother reading this long post. I plan to file a police report with SMPD. Anyone have any idea on which legal course I should take? Talk to a lawyer now? On November 18, 2018 (Sunday), my 17 month old baby and I took an Uber with a driver named Elizabeth. I have her license plate and car make. The ride was approximately 7 minutes long- starting from Venice Beach (25 Windward Ave, Venice CA) and ended at our hotel Le Meridien Delfina (530 Pico Ave, Santa Monica). We got off and as I was checking my things on the way to our room, I became aware that my phone (iPhone XS Max in a Mous shell case) must have dropped at the Uber as I used it to FaceTime with my husband. I checked to see if the Uber was still at the driveway but she had already left. I informed the valet and bellmen who were there and saw us get out of the car of what happened and asked that they be on the lookout in case she’s still around or comes back to return the phone. I went back to the hotel room with my baby and used the iPad to contact my husband who was driving home to San Francisco with our dog at the time. We both tried to call the number several times but found that the phone has already been turned off immediately. That was suspicious as I used it to FaceTime with my husband during the ride and know it was on. My baby and I’s airport transfer (SafeRide Transport) was arriving at 10:30am to take us to LAX for our flight to SFO at 12:55pm. I was not able to pursue the issue some more until I returned home and was able to procure a temporary phone to use with my own phone number. I have left her voicemails through the Uber call relay system as well as filed a complaint with Uber from 11/18 Sunday evening to 11/19 Monday. No response from the driver. On 11/19 Monday afternoon, I left the driver a voicemail and Uber a message that I am filing a police report with her license plate and that I have evidence that the last location of my phone on was on the ride with her. I told her the valet and bellmen at the hotel can attest to the fact that I tried to see if she was still there. Also, that my phone had been turned off immediately and Uber can pull up if she had any passengers as early as the time the phone has been turned off. I also said that if it’s found and returned, there will be no questions asked. Uber contacted me several minutes later with a message that she contacted them and confirmed that she has my phone. Although everything pointed to malicious intent, I was just happy that my device was found as this was a 3 year wedding anniversary present to me from my husband. I had informed Uber that since she is not returning my calls and voicemails to make sure she knows to drop it off at the hotel (Le Meridien Delfina) as I sent a shipping label to the hotel to ship my items back. It is now 11/22 and the driver is still refusing to take/return my many calls and voicemails. She is knowingly withholding my personal property with no show of intent to give it back. I am 100% willing to pay the Uber fee for returning my item and I even said on one of my voicemails that I would do an additional tip (reward) for her for the trouble. I have checked with the hotel and still no device has been dropped off. Additionally, Uber just escalated the issue 11/21. It is my understanding that they have not been able to get a hold of her either. As of 11/21 evening, Uber is now saying “if the driver still has the phone and is willing to return it”... as well as “Uber and drivers bear no responsibility about things left at a vehicle past the ride”. Withholding someone’s property and showing no intent to return it is theft. Is Uber abetting a thief? There is no repercussions or pressure for the driver who I’m willing to bet is still driving for them. I get that they’re private contractors which Uber likes to advertise BUT is that license to commit criminal activity without fear of punishment? Where is the line drawn? I plan on pursuing charges after the police report is filed. Its a matter of principle to me now. At this rate, wondering if Uber should also be held accountable for fostering an environment where their (not) employees are encouraged to choose whether they want to return someone else’s property or not.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I have no idea what kind of insurance op has, but mine would refuse to cover it if I left it myself and someone took it. If they had pickpocketed it or snagged it from a table I was sitting at it would be covered, but not if I lost/misplaced it first. Er...do you know how to do this with Find My iPhone enabled? Because a lot of people would probably paya lot of money for this knowledge (as far as I know and just googled, there's no exploit to regain full use of an iPhone that had been locked to an iCloud account). Yep, way worse for her. This entire comment is useless. Removed.  [removed] I do already have a prepaid shipping label. But if she won’t respond, there’s really no way I can facilitate anything.  [removed] The phone is about $1300 or so not including the Mous case. It will be a felony and beyond petty theft as it’s above $950 if I remember correctly.  Since this happened in Cali if I read correctly, she will be charged with petty theft, as it sounds like you have sufficient evidence of ownership and the fact you tried to contact prior to filing the police reports. This can result in a fine of no more than $1000 and/or up to six months in jail. Now this is assuming that the total price of the property stolen, in this case your phone, is $950 or below, and the suspect doesn't have any prior records. Source: Note: I'm not a lawyer or a law student, I just went and tried to find out information in case you didn't have it, either way I hope this works out for you in the end. [removed] Ah bummer. If some of the legal advice avenues don’t work out for you, and if the driver continues not wanting to return the device, I suppose as a last resort if you purchased insurance with your carrier, you might be able to have your phone replaced by making an insurance claim (after reporting it stolen and paying your insurance deductible, which I’d imagine on that phone will not be cheap). Ruin their livelihood if you have to. She made her choice and must now deal with the consequences.  She immediately reached out to Uber after OP messaged her about involving the police. There's no doubt she has the phone and knows OP knows it. Uber doesn’t care essentially. The last thing I got from them was “IF” she still has it and “IF” she’s willing to return it, I’d get it back.  Yes they would. I just need to give them the police report. Very wary of ruining driver’s livelihood by escalating issue but it’s Day 5 and I’ve gotten nothing so I think the best recourse is go to the police.  She had communication enough to let Uber know she has it. Uber also related the instructions how to give it back and gave her my number. My bases are covered in terms of the possibility of her not receiving anything from the call relay system.  Are you sure she’s receiving your messages?  That’s totally understandable but why not respond or send a line back? I told her I would completely understand and be respectful of her time. If she had told me to hold on for 2 weeks, I’d say OK. But she hasn’t made any effort.  [removed] [removed] Yes, They definitely have the ability yet it’s up to Uber’s discretion to deactivate the driver based on case severity and I’m not sure this would constitute as a severe enough breach of terms to be penalized. The driver can easily deny the claims that he confirmed he had the phone and Uber is not going to launch a full on investigation to look into the he said/ she said.  Offer to Venmo it to her, she may not live there. I drive for Uber and Lyft too and I end up driving in areas I don’t live all the time. She also may be on vacation. I’m on vacation now and if someone left their phone in my car they’d be SOL until I get back... Also - Renters and Home insurance policies typically cover off premises theft. They will need all the details including the police report number.  They have a call relay system. I’ve left so many unanswered calls and voicemails. I’ve left her my information. Nothing. There is an Uber fee for it. I offered to give an additional tip. I would offer cash but I’m in San Francisco and she’s dropping it off at my hotel in Santa Monica.  Are you actually calling the driver? Because Uber protects driver’s real phone numbers and passengers. So if you’re calling and saying “call me back and this number” they can’t. Also your city should have a green light hub for drivers where they should return stuff that gets lost. Call your driver, offer cash for them to return it, and leave a number to call back. In general you should always offer cash to your drivers for returning items because they have to take time out of their day and away from work to drive to you, meet up, and return it.  I mean, uber has the ability to ban them from driving for uber if they get a complaint. Yes I took screenshots and also sent them to my husband. I’m documenting all the correspondence as well as call times.  Thank you. This sounds so much better than the advice from the Uber sub.  Go to the police. I work as concierge and had to deal with this when it happened to a resident. Different state, but but the police told us that it's as much theft as picking up a phone that someone dropped on the ground and deciding that it's yours now. Yes, you made a mistake in dropping it, but that doesn't mean that the Uber driver owns it If Uber is no help and the driver is unresponsive take it to the police. This isn't the first and won't be there last time they've dealt with it. IANAL, not sure why this hasn't been mentioned but be sure to save the message from Uber stating that she contacted them, confirming that she does indeed have the phone. I offered to give an additional tip as I didn’t know how far she lived and if the Uber fee of $15 will cover the trouble. That said, it’s no excuse to keep my property for an indefinite period of time.  [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Hi there! I work in cell phones and cell phone accessories for a living. Just wanted to correct one thing you said here. An activation or iCloud locked iPhone XS Max is worth way more than a paperweight. Right now one is selling on EBay at $415, and this is just the beginning of the bidding process. I suspect it will sell closer to $600 by the time the auction ends. Just the display alone, being OEM, is worth quite a lot, let alone some of the other parts, as well as shadier ways people operate disabled devices. So considering the driver didn’t pay anything for it, it’s quite monetarily valuable even considering its IMEI and iCloud status. The driver has very little to lose, which is why I’m happy the LAOP has at least made Uber aware of the situation. Hopefully a police report and the prospect of the driver losing their job will compel them to do the right thing. Thanks!  I can’t speak for Uber but we do inform the driver of the wrong doing and if it’s severe enough we can deactivate them. Usually they are just banned from the specific customer with a complaint. Since they aren’t hired they also can’t get fired technically .. they actually hold a lot more power than most know because of the strict independent contractor laws. I hope you get it back! Thanks for the input! Granted that there is a complaint of the same nature, will your company at least make steps to reprimand the driver or put pressure?  [removed] Hi, I work for a similar gig economy type company. Sadly drivers are on a 1099. We have no control over them and if your device was taken we don’t hold power. You can try going against the driver for sure but Uber is definitely not responsible.  [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] No. Read the rules of this sub. Comment removed.  Thank you. Yeah hopefully she didn’t sell it for parts. Trying not to stress about it as it will be in law enforcement hands now.  Wholly incorrect advice. Removed.  [removed] Awesome thanks!  Thank you this makes a lot of sense. Yes, being pregnant and lugging around a 17 month old- it’s probably safer to order cars from car transport companies as the drivers are employees and can be held accountable easier.  Outside of the no-contact bit (I want that property out of my possession asap), what I and many drivers do is turn the phone off. In the event that either the passenger is unaware or unable to report the item missing, and by nature of the job I can and often do end up well over an hour away from any given passenger, I do not need an irate passenger using Find My iPhone to show up at my doorstep. Both driver and passenger can file a lost item report, which it seems you've done. Outside of that, filing a police report is your next logical step. Discontinuing use of uber is also a step, but using Lyft in its place will run you into similar issues. It's not a platform issue, it's an individual driver issue. Best of luck. =633c684e-1d4b-426a-bd4f-6bee488dac6a But it sounds like you already did this Another good resource for information TOS do not supersede the law. Taking someone else’s stuff is illegal, regardless of Uber’s company policies. [removed] Thank you and yes beyond the dollar amount, it’s my husband’s 3rd anniversary gift.  Thank you, that’s what I’m thinking too. I do intend to pursue this as I have FaceTime records while on the 7-min ride as well as bellmen and valet who can attest to the fact I went back down immediately to check if she’s still there. There’s also call records from the iPad and my husband’s phone 5 or so minutes after the ride ended and it was already off.  There are plenty of ways to flash a phone and set it back to factory default. I would try to seek legal action against the driver and use the fact the phone was on when you left it there and then off a short while longer showing possible intent to use your property for her own financial gain. Going through Uber is probably going to get a similar response to the one you got before. I intend to either fly back to Santa Monica as you can only do a theft of a phone report in person. Or take the advice of the clerk and file in my local law enforcement (SF) and have them fax it. Either way this is a nightmare. I’ve gotten a phone with my original number.  File a police report and let them handle it. If you haven’t done it already, report it to your phone company so the service can be disconnected. [removed] Even if she admitted to having it? Uber likes to say that they are private contractors and not employees. My case is against her holding on to my property without showing intent to return it. 