 Okay this has been some years back. I was at a college campus, during that big movement about getting tested for HIV. It was also around that time when that new popular test was out that could give you a reading in 20 minutes. I've never attended the university of arkansas in fayetteville, but I was seeing someone who was a student there during that time. They were catering pizzas, free sodas, those small bags of chips and some deserts it doesn't really matter but they would feed you for free if you got tested. I think you also got some kind of voucher at the end for chic fil a or sonic or something, anyways I needed to burn some time anyways to see my friend. I get tested, we're all having a laugh about it just joking around with some new strangers I had never met before. The kid that took my test came back with an older man, a doctor, a real doctor. That older guy was stoic and composed, that young kid looked like he saw hitler raping a deer. They wanted me to take another test, a more accurate test. I walked away saying I was in a hurry, that old doctor wasn't so stoic anymore, he said it will only take a second and they offered me double vouchers if I filled out some forms. Absolutely not. That test I took could have up to a 5% false positive rate. Its been on my mind a lot recently, I've been thinking about having an anonymous test done just to find out but keep it off the books, I don't know what are the best drugs out there now but I can get my hands on almost anything. My question is that over the years I've had a lot of partners and didn't use many condoms. Legally where am I at? Planned parenthood will do the test. It’s about $25 bucks. If you have a low income it may be free. See you can’t trust the results of the take home tests.  Medical provider- get the test done in a office. They wanted you to take the other test to see if it was a false positive. Take home tests aren’t accurate. You could have a false positive or false negative. The test they did could have been processed wrong. Avoiding this isn’t going to make you feel better. If you do have HIV and aren’t on medication you will have a short life. Period. No you can’t buy the drugs off the street. You are prescribed for what type/strain you have and need monitoring. The drugs are dangerous if you aren’t monitored and your body decides to go haywire. Organ failure shows up physically when it’s too late to fix much. I know you are scared. Yes drugs are expensive but we help patients get them all the time. It’s because HIV is a public health concern.  The life expectancy for HIV+ individuals in first world countries who access treatment early on is almost exactly the same as a healthy person's. People with HIV are routinely living into their 70s and 80s with proper treatment and lifestyle changes. Refusing to get tested and treated is, at this point, the most dangerous decision you can make with regards to your health.  You can also do anonymous testing from [the internet]() that won't show up in medical or legal records connected to your name. It wasn't so long ago that HIV testing might have kept you from getting health insurance. Anonymous testing resources are available as a result otherwise many wouldn't risk it. Use those and get tested immediately.  In space, apparently you can still shoot yourself in your own foot. I'll see your RES tag and raise you your new flair... That's not quite how probability works... at a 1 in 1000 transmission rate then you would pass the 50% probability of having acquired the virus much sooner than 1000 exposures. You would hit 50% probability at 693 exposures. In addition, if the man has other risk factors (Hep-C or other STIs can increase transmission rates) then the probability of infection goes up even more. Of course these are just averages. Somewhere there may be somebody who got it on their first exposure, somewhere else there may be someone who has been exposed 2000 times without being infected. Despite the low probability of heterosexual transmission from female to male, there are plenty of reasons for you to get tested, and really no reasonable reason to avoid testing. I'm not judging your lifestyle, I just hope you get tested for the sake of your health and that of your potential partners.  RES tagged as "Maurice." this isn't legal advice but if you're diagnosed positive and get the right treatment, you will live a relatively normal life with a normal life span. if you have it and you don't know, you will start to go downhill fast at some point.your body will be incapable of fighting off any cold or flu you get, you might develop tumours. most untreated hiv/aids sufferers die of "related" diseases like certain cancers or pneumonia. you have the option to live healthily. if you do have it and get treatment, it's literally a pill a day and a test a few times a year, to live a normal life and protect your sexual partners from infection.  No one is going to argue health and shit with you, tbh that doesn't sound right to me but that's unimportant. You need to go to a doctor's office yesterday and get tested so you don't die or ruin someone else's life.  And now you get to die on your terms, with undiagnosed AIDS. I'm not the space cowboy. But some call me the 'gangster of love.' Thanks Cypher. I do want to know, not really, I think that was a lie. But I think I need to know. Well its lunch time and I'm going to take the day, gonna grab some home tests. No promises I'll post again in this thread. I hope we both have a good day, I'll see you space cowboy. When you got tested years ago did you fill out any paperwork and include your name? If you did then there is a record of that test somewhere and someone knows you got tested. Everyone at that event probably saw the doctor talking to you. The kid that administered the test knows you got tested, and your girlfriend at the time, was she present? If she was then she also knows. Average incubation period for HIV is 10 years. If this was more than 10 years ago it was probably a false positive, if it wasn't then you could have a problem. Also if an ex decides to accuse you of rape, false claim not saying you actually would do this, she could ask the court to force you to get tested. If it comes back positive, regardless of whether or not her allegations were originally true you could find yourself in trouble. Then there's this post. Everyone here on this Reddit knows that you got tested years ago and it was positive and that you were advised to take another test to rule out a false positive that you refused. You have since then had unprotected sex not knowing if it was truly a false positive. If someone finds this post they could share it with law enforcement, if they know who you are in real life and know your screen name. You have two options continue the way you are and pray no one finds out, or get yourself tested to make sure you aren't positive. Also quit posting this info on Reddit!!!!  't live it the way you wanted to. You realize women can have HIV too, right? And that they can spread it to you? Are you from 1989? Are you a time traveller? Sure, but heterosexual sex has less than 1 in 1000 rate of transmission. So if you have sex at the average rate of americans (89 times per year) and 100% of those unprotected sexual encounters happen with a woman who is hiv positive, it would take you 12 years to have likely gotten the virus. Sometimes you just get really unlucky.  'm risking multiple class A felonies? Jesus fucking christ, how the hell am I supposed to get tested now? Reread the post. I didn't used to, the older I get the more is taxes my mind. I hope I haven't infected anyone, hope I'm not infected. Except that by keeping your head in the sand, you're denying yourself the treatments that will prevent the thing you most fear. Get a blank piece of paper and a pen. Divide the paper into four quadrants. Across the top, write "Have HIV" and "Don't have HIV" and on the left write "Find out" and "Don't find out" one on top of the other. Now you have a matrix of the four possibilities. In two of the four, "Don't have HIV" it doesn't matter if you find out or not really (though you'll continue to worry about it if you choose "don't have/don't find out") In one of the four, "Don't have/Find Out" you eliminate all your worry. In "Have/Find Out" then you get bad news which sucks, and you learn how to deal with it to prevent symptoms and live a normal life. The only real nightmare scenario is "Have/Don't find out" because that's the one where the disease progresses unchecked by medicine. At this stage, you can't control the "have/don't have" column at all. That die is cast. But you can control the check/don't check" column, and therefore prevent the nightmare scenario. Nothing in the other three quadrants comes anywhere close to approaching that one. So act to avoid it.  No, they can't, because your actions and motivations make absolutely no sense. I genuinely don't know what's wrong with you, but something absolutely is.  'm not sorry I've liked women and men, I'm embarrassed about that. What are you talking about? Literally nobody has brought this up except you. 'm also not embarrassed I've never used needles. Completely irrelevant. Well that life apparently makes you think you caught HIV, so no, you clearly didn't live it the way you wanted to. You realize women can have HIV too, right? And that they can spread it to you? Are you from 1989? Are you a time traveller? Look I'm not sorry I've liked women and men, I'm embarrassed about that. I'm also not embarrassed I've never used needles. I lived my life on my terms, the way I wanted to live.  't as though you don't have it as long as no one tells you you did. Its hard to hear. Its like "oh you have pancreatic cancer or brain cancer" or some other life long disease that is going to kill you slowly. As long as I don't know for sure, I can hope I don't actually have it. I know how stupid that sounds, but I think in the same situation most people could relate. Have you absolutely no care for other people you may be infecting?  Of course he said that, look at the comment you made. How was what you said reasonable in any capacity? Why does your lack of reason mean others have to have it for you? The guy flat out told me "fuck you". He said that straight up, what would be a reasonable response to that? Wait wait wait. No one knows I was every tested and it was years ago. So if I walk into a walmart or worse a doctors office to get tested I'm risking multiple class A felonies? Jesus fucking christ, how the hell am I supposed to get tested now?  You realize that if you have it, you have it regardless of the diagnosis right? It isn't as though you don't have it as long as no one tells you you did. You've been given advice, asshole, and you're sitting here insulting people and acting smug. Quality advice. Its both. You can't just take pills and inject whatever it is you want, even if the stuff isn't bunk. You need a doctor, you need bloods. Especially with hiv meds, make too many mistakes and you're going to fry things.  You need to get tested to make sure. If it was a false positive then you're fine. If it wasn't then you could have problems down the road because your partners could use that earlier test to have you charged with a crime. In Arkansas it is a felony to not tell your partner. "Ark. Code Ann. § 5-14-123 Class A Felony It is a class A felony for a person who knows that he or she has tested positive for HIV to expose another to HIV (1) through the transfer of blood or blood products or (2) by engaging in sexual intercourse, cunnilingus, fellatio, anal intercourse, or any other intrusion, however slight, of any part of a person's body or of any object into the genital or anal openings of another person's body, without first having informed the other person of the presence of HIV. The emission of semen is not a required element of the crime." and in Texas it looks like you could be charged with sexual assault if you fail to disclose your HIV status. []() You haven't seen it on people. I have, scares the hell out of me. Its not like the commercials. I won't go out like he did, the plague took a lot of things from him before it killed him.   -c 8 years before it was offered in the us and for the cost of a good steak. So, which one is it? Are you destitute and can't afford it or do you have some kind of magic connection to every drug imaginable?  An indication of accuracy is outlined on that web page and should also be available in the documentation for the test -- if not, call the company that produces the test and inquire. It is not unheard of, though likely statistically improbable, to have 10 false-positive tests in a row. Either way, any questions you have about the accuracy and results of the test should be directed toward the company that manufactures the tests. If you have a positive home test, your next step would be to follow up with a healthcare provider for confirmation. Many states offer both anonymous and confidential (only known between you and the healthcare provider) HIV/AIDS tests through organizations like Planned Parenthood. Looks like they are around 40 bucks at walmart, if I took 10 of them back to back and they all or most tested positive what kind of odds would that means that I was positive. Lunch is coming up, I can afford 400 to know. At this point in medicine HIV is not a death sentence. If you can treat it early. If you ignore it then it might be. Go get tested.  You need to get over your shame and get it done correctly. For the rest of our sakes. For all you know it’ll come back negative. Asking for legal advice like you might accidentally give somebody HIV isn’t winning you any friends. People are pissed, man. Go figure your shit out and keep human contact to a dead minimum. No sex.   're afraid, it's okay to potentially spread an autoimmune disease. De-nile isn't just a river in egypt. Yeah, even if I'm positive I don't know I would change my lifestyle, I don't know if I would continue living. 're going to have to have it or your medical expenses are going to be even more expensive. I know how to get cheap drugs for everything, I could cure hep-c 8 years before it was offered in the us and for the cost of a good steak. 't need it, it won't matter. I hope this is how it goes. ? Again, it's an autoimmune disease. It means your autoimmune system weakens over time. Diseases, viruses, and other ailments will affect those with HIV worse than those without it. So, if you have it and your immune system weakens over time, every day things will start putting you on your ass. You'll have to take more trips to the doctor and to hospitals. It will be hard to stay employed if you're always sick. Just because you hide from it, doesn't mean it won't kick your ass if you have it. I know that. Hey if there is anything positive from this, other than me, I'm kinda sad after making that joke but anyways my father and I were estranged and I called him and I'm going over for christmas. Both. There are tests you can do completely at home, and other tests that you can send off to a lab. []() Oh, so because you're afraid, it's okay to potentially spread an autoimmune disease. Idiot, go get checked. The cost is irrelevant. If you NEED treatment, you're going to have to have it or your medical expenses are going to be even more expensive. If you don't need it, it won't matter. You get what HIV is right? Again, it's an autoimmune disease. It means your autoimmune system weakens over time. Diseases, viruses, and other ailments will affect those with HIV worse than those without it. So, if you have it and your immune system weakens over time, every day things will start putting you on your ass. You'll have to take more trips to the doctor and to hospitals. It will be hard to stay employed if you're always sick. Just because you hide from it, doesn't mean it won't kick your ass if you have it. Do you know a lot about hiv? I've been reading a lot about it, but I'm on the fringes on gay culture. I'm not gay myself, I've never been penetrated and I've never used needles but I've seen a few go from the plague. Its not pretty, a lot of strong men out there I've seen turn to pale ghosts of themselves from aids. I think the drugs killed them before the disease did, even if they were still able to walk around. There is a home test? You mean I do the test myself then send it off to a lab? Or do you mean I could buy like 10 tests and take them all and find out today? I have always had an issue with recklessness and impulse control.  Spend 50 bucks and do an at home test if u are concerned about privacy. Or join a monastery because having relations without knowing is irresponsible and reckless. This isn't 1987, you dolt. Stop being so reckless and go find out so you can take care of your health and stop putting other people at risk.  Looking into places that do it through the mail and I already have a dead drop place in mind, I'm not walking into a doctors office to have it done. Even now I could get a test done, anonymously and I could probably get the results mid next week. Imagine if I have it? Getting and affording healthcare from the point of right now for the rest of my life just got very difficult and very expensive. I would have to tell every single person I am ever intimate with again. People would find out, maybe not all at once but they would, no one would ever treat me the same. For the longest time I was certain it was a false positive, I've never sick, I'm in great shape, I'm healthy and I look pretty good. But as I get older its something that is always in the back of my head, it was something I didn't want to know either way. I like the way I live my life and I've had a good time, a piece of paper could put an end to that right quick. Go find out right fucking now, dude.  Why on earth would you not want to find out?