 Public property (a state university), so the group is as far as I've been told not prevented from coming to the campus. The problem is that each time they show up, they shout loud enough to disturb classes/studying students in common areas, follow students across the quad, stand in front of doors, step in front of students trying to stop them to hand out pamphlets. Each time, campus police (actual sworn law enforcement officers, not just security guards) is called and makes them stop shouting, tells them to stop blocking entrances and stepping in front of students and following them. Each time, they do it again and it's the same people each time. Campus police told me "they can show up every day and we'll tell them to stop" but it seems like maybe they're just trying to avoid work. If it's the same people, committing the same acts and being told not to do it, does that constitute actionable harassment even if it's just targeted at the student body and not specific individuals? Does the repetition of the violation (disturbing the peace, by state law) allow any kind of escalation? Have they committed a tort? Basically what I want is either for them to stop doing the things they're legally not allowed to do.   It would be fine if that's what they were doing, but they don't have a right to block entrances, shout in a common area, follow students, etc. That's why campus police keeps having to tell them not to do that stuff.   's just targeted at the student body and not specific individuals? Likely not. Who would assert the harassment claim? It is generally unlikely that this form of behavior that fails to target any specific individual would constitute harassment as asserted by a specific individual. Obviously any actions targeted directly at you could be different. That's really a law enforcement and university policy question. It is possible that the agency could take some form of action based on repeated problems. But that course would be at the discretion of the enforcement agency and university administration. You probably can't compel them to take action. Though you could ask them to or become involved in student government to try to direct a different response.  If the police aren't willing to do anything, there's not much you can do. They have a right to be there and speak. 