 My son at 3 years old was seen by a pediatric dentist that I was certain was top in her field. The work was done under a Medicaid plan at the time. When we first got the consultation I was under duress to agree to the work because I was a domestic violence victim had an open CPS case bc of that pending DV case (also had a bitter custody battle going on). I had temp custody CPS was following up with every single appointment my children had (due to complaints from their father who just wanted custody from me to hurt me). Same old song and dance nasty custody battle. So she said she(the dentist) couldn’t "tell for sure on the xrays if the teeth really needed the extensive work of caps or if they can just be fillings. I schedule the work to be done at the children’s hospital where this dentist come to find out teaches. I did not know she taught during her procedures there. I took my son the day of the procedure he’s put under general anesthesia. They tell me it’ll be quick and to wait in the waiting area. The dentist comes out TWO hours later and I’m freaking out because it’s been longer than they said. She explains she thinks all his molars need caps and to sign for the work. I’m a nervous wreck. Shaking and stunned. How does this go from 4 caps to 8 or more? What? So I sign. Because my son is under anesthesia and I want the work over with: she’s a dr she should know what she’s doing?! So another TWO hours go by and I’m panicking asking about my son to every nurse who will talk to me. They tell me she’s not done with him but soon. Finally almost 4.5-5 hours my son comes back to me: he is extremely swollen. I mean makes muppet baby lips look small. I take a picture and I’m scolded by the nurse not to take a picture EVER in recovery. I send it off to my mother and sister completely horrified. Turns out she capped EVERY SINGLE TOOTH in my 3 year olds mouth. She must have been teaching the entire procedure so that’s why it took so long. Fast forward a few months and the caps on the front teeth are falling off. We leave them off: I don’t want anyone touching his teeth anymore. Then one year out the stainless steel caps start failing, her practice opts to HOLD HIM DOWN and extract them out. This happens in two visits, I realize this is an extreme case where she did shotty work and we switch pediatric dentists who btw is also horrified by this dentist work: they know caps fail sometimes but every single cap this dentist did has now failed. They never once told us about going to an oral surgeon and having our son take an oral medicine to ease his anxiety keep him from being scared of the dentist going forward: they just say hold him down and rip them out now. His new dentist sends us to an oral surgeon we do have to pay out of pocket ($800) to have 2 of the caps removed but he’s not kicking screaming or crying or need tubes to breathe. Hes got 2 caps left and they have failed. My son has had all his molars (once these 2 are extracted) removed due to failed caps. each one has formed an abscess the front ones have all fallen off. We brush his teeth 3 times a day: do a mouth rinse and a oral probiotic meant just for teeth. He eats no candy what so ever (we treat him like he’s got diabetes tbh) and he’s completely traumatized over this. He thinks you go to the dentist to have your teeth ripped out. Our new dentist has said she sees no oral hygiene issues what so ever. We do no soda no juice. He brushes after he eats I can’t even tell you how strict we are with this. It’s crazy. Every person I speak to tells me to do something about this. He’s going to need these last two caps out. Another $800 bill right before Christmas and he’s left with major gaps that he will need spacers for or there will be major constructive problems if his adult teeth have no space to come in. My heart breaks for my son. I have major guilt I let that dentist touch him. What do I do???? Is there anything I can do??? She shouldn’t be practicing. There’s a yelp review that the mom says 4 caps failed on her daughter and she traumatized too. That was a year after my sons work. This is a trend. NYS dentist is based in Westchester. Hospital where work was done is too:  I post this on every med malpractice post: Malpractice is very case-specific and beyond the scope of this sub, you should consult with a medical malpractice attorney to discuss your chances of recovery. But for you, I must add that the statute of limitations for medical malpractice in NY is 30 months, so if the procedure happened 3 years ago you might have run out of time to file. There may be an exception or a different claim you could make, but only an attorney can help you with that. At his dentist now that he’s been seeing for a year (the new one we switched to) and her and her staff all agree I should see a lawyer write the board.  I’m at his new dentist now that he’s been seeing for the past year... her her staff agree I should be seeking out a lawyer writing the board.  Thank you. I think I should contact some attorneys in my area who do free consults.  Thank you for this advice. I am going to definitely do this.  I’m not sure how different it is depending on where you live but I’m a secretary for a dental office and when people come in with these terrible stories we always tell them to go to the dental board in your state and file a complaint. Make a big stink about it, I’m not sure what repercussions the dentist will face but they will have to explain themselves in the least for what she did  Medical malpractice is very fact intensive. Frankly it seems excessive to have that much work done on baby teeth, but I'm not a pediatric dentist. Talk to some lawyers. It will be difficult as your damages are not that high.