 Ohio, USA I'm a minor (nearly 18 though 😊 ), and earlier this week (Tuesday, to be precise), I got scheduled to work 3-11PM. I also didn't have a 30 minute lunch period that day. Apparently, both of these were big no-no's, and if the government takes an issue with it, it could cost the company hundreds of thousands of dollars... I think it was an honest mistake, and I don't want anything to happen because of it, but I do want to know: is it possible that I may face repercussions (either from the law or the company), and if so, is there anything I can do to prevent that? Your first response should have been to notify higher-ups. You will not be legally penalized for working these hours, but it is also vanishingly unlikely that the company will be fined "hundreds of thousands of dollars" over a single scheduling mistake that you didn't even attempt to bring to their attention. Do not try to use this as leverage for something. This may be more life advice rather than legal but be prepared to deal with this same situation at pretty much every job you work. Companies will take advantage of you every step of the way and do so more frequently with young adults such as yourself. No, you will not face legal repercussions due to your company violating labor laws. You are the wronged party here. Is your manager upset at you? You may wish to file a complaint with the labor board, then if the company takes any disciplinary action against you it would be viewed as retaliation.  In general an employee does not face repercussions from the government for working hours they should not, either based in laws around mandatory breaks or for scheduling minors. It is at least possible that you violated a company policy in working without asking for your mandatory break. Or that your company will believe that you should have brought the condition to their attention to be remedied. While it doesn't seem terribly likely, it is at least possible that your company could discipline you based on that.