 Last night my son came home from school with a significant scratch on his forehead. Another student held him down and scratched his forehead with his fingernail, in roughly the shape of an "L". We reported to the school district transportation office and have spoken with the prinicipal at the school. The school seems to be taking it serious, but is refusing to share information on who the other student is or what they're going to do about it, citing "confidentiality". The district office is supporting the school. We took photos of the injury last night and we know the district transportation office is reviewing the camera footage from the bus. We are also going to file a police report. Does the school have the right to withhold information about a student who attacked our son? Is there anything else we should be thinking about in terms of actions to take? Thank you. We are also going to file a police report. NAL, former teacher. Please do file a police report. My colleagues and I had many discussions about things like your child's assault, and always concluded that discipline won't improve in schools until the parents of the normal children push back as much as the parents of the miscreants. This probably sounds cynical, OP, but I suspect that the child who hurt your child has a long history of infractions. I suspect that when he/she is disciplined the child's parents show up at the school complaining vociferously about how mean the school is to their child.  That makes sense.  It's a liability issue. Not saying you would, but there are certainly some parents who would take that information and pay the other kid (or his parents) a visit. And that's not something they want happening (escalation).  Thank you for the quick response.  Generally, yes. In fact, [FERPA]() prohibits the release of most information about a student, absent parental consent. The school doesn't need to tell you anything while they're doing their investigation or whatever they're doing. Plus, throwing around the names of students when the school doesn't know one way or the other is an incredible liability and downright reckless. Your son was assaulted, which is illegal. It would not be unheard of for you to contact the police, instead of the school, over this.