 Hello, I am a California resident with Kaiser Permanente insurance. I have been seeing an out of network therapist for a long time, because Kaiser refused to give me any long term therapy. Last time I got any therapy out of them (after being put on an involuntary hold), it was three sessions over 3 months, and they thought I would be "better" after that. I was so furious with the shitty care, I basically just gave up. I finally went out of network through a non-profit, and my therapist there suggested I try again with her help. She recognized my issues (trauma based dissociative disorder, and it is on my medical record) as serious and in need of more help than the non-profit could provide. So I had her contact Kaiser (so they would believe the severity), and asked for help. I got a meeting with a psychiatrist in a week, and I had some hope! But all she was willing to give me were "life skills" classes and, again, individual therapy, rarely. I expressed my concern that my problems were beyond the scope of life skills classes, and I needed help before I could get to that point, but she ignored me. She also ignored my clear attempts to explain how bad it was, and what I needed. When I got home, I did research on reputable sites (American Psychological Association's official site, the International Society for the Study of Trauma and Dissociation official site, and National Alliance on Mental Illness official site, as well as others). ALL of them said that intensive individualized therapy, with CBT and/or EMDR was the solution. I sent all this information over to her, reiterating my concerns that I am not getting the level of care I need, and she basically shrugged. I have one individual therapy appointment a month from now, so that's plenty, right? During the appointment, she said that Kaiser didn't have the "resources" for much individualized therapy. When I asked her for weekly therapy, I might as well have been asking for a million dollars a week, even though weekly therapy is the bare minimum! My legal advice question is this: How much power do I have here? Can I fight them on this? Should I take legal action? Would taking legal action even make sense? Kaiser has been sued a BUNCH of times, but they still haven't done shit to improve their services. I just don't know if my case is enough for a suit, and I would need a lawyer on contingency anyway. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Requesting Outside Contact Requesting or offering private messages or chats is against the rules of this subreddit. Please review the following rule before commenting further [General Rule 1]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. [removed] I got diagnosed with CPTSD by Kaiser! 3.5 years ago! It's ridiculous that they refuse to help me. Thank you for your advice, I have actually just filed a complaint, and I hope it works out. They do have to give me the help I need right? That's my biggest concern is they will tell me that they don't need to do that. Oh yeah, everyone knows it about Kaiser. Every out of network person, and even just some regular people, that I told about having kaiser all feel bad that I have it. Everyone knows that Kaiser sucks at mental health. It's a known secret over here. The problem is that they are pretty good at everything non chronic, so neurotypical people (and most people without chronic pain) think Kaiser is the BEST. If you try to say anything bad about them, people get offended. Ugh. I will check out that department too. I really appreciate all this. It is so good to hear that you won! (They wanted me in anxiety classes and depression classes too! Like I don't need life skills! I need to get my life back first!) Alright I will try to find that information. Thank you. :) It would be in your coordination of benefits or explaination of benefits. That's good to know. Thank you. How do I show them that they need to do this? How do I prove it? If they don't have a therapist in network to provide, usually they have to be able to provide an alternative within a certain area. Which would mean out of network. Because of the terms of care or the eob, they have to be able to provide the agreed upon terms of care.  I have tried filling complaints, but they fall on deaf ears because the psychiatrists and therapists are following the policy of the insurance company. The obligations have been set by the state of California, as far as I am aware, or the ACA.  Does your policy have any language specifying the level of care they will provide? That’s the first place I’d look to understand what their obligations are. Have you filed a complaint yet? With customer service