 I thought all cases get a bail amount? Why was I not able to bail him out? The hearing will be less than 24hours after the arrest so probably just a bail hearing but I’ll call and check, thanks! If it's an actual arraignment, the DA has seen the report and decided to file charges. That's the definition of arraignment - a formal reading of criminal charges. If it's just a bail-setting hearing, then yeah, often the DA isn't involved yet, but maybe try to get clarification on what the hearing is labeled as. Alright, thanks. I’ll do this first thing tomorrow. It’s just an arreignment to set bail and such, so I didn’t think that it would have gone to DAs office yet.  Try the District Attorney first. The DA decides what charges to file, which sometimes differs from the charges on the arrest paperwork. I called, he wasn’t in the system yet. They gave me two times, one for felonies and one for misdemeanors. Calling the police station tonight to hopefully find out which occurred.  Call the court. Some will give you hearing dates by phone if you give them the name you want to look up, some won't. You may also need your friend's DOB depending on how they look it up. Thanks. I ended up calling the court room, they said a misdemeanors happen at 9AM and Felonies happen at 1pm. So I have to follow up with the arresting officer / police dept. to find out which it is. Since the car that was being driven was mine, I want to provide proof of insurance of the car at the arreignment so the judge doesn't up it to a felony of driving without insurance(if it isn't already). I am assuming this is a valid concern? Pretty big window, I'd call around 3 to see if his bail has been set. Thanks. Is it possible to find the date/time of this arraignment so I can go to it and be ready to post bail right after, it's a really close friend so trying to do everything I can for him? Or is it just some massive window and whenever he gets in-front of the judge? When I talked to the arresting officer, he informed me it would be tomorrow morning but I didn't press him for an exact date/time, which I should have probably asked about.  No, you did everything right. When you’re arrested it is the inmates right to get a phone call to notify somebody they have been arrested. Unfortunately that’s all they can give. After court he gets another phone call to call a bonding company and someone to tell them what their bonds are. I work within a jail.  Thanks. Is it possible to find the date/time of this arraignment so I can go to it and be ready to post bail right after, it's a really close friend so trying to do everything I can for him? Or is it just some massive window and whenever he gets in-front of the judge? Ok that's just his arraignment, it's where the bail is set. You didn't do anything wrong, you didn't say anything wrong. The police dont set the bail a judge does. Hell go in front of the judge where his bail will be set. Then you go in and post it. I thought sometimes people are released into custody of others if someone will come get them, I assumed that's what happened in this case.  Yeah, you can’t pay a not-yet-determined amount of money for anything.  He was just arrested this morning, asked me to come get him, and arresting officer said not until after court tomorrow. All I said "I am here to take "XXXX YYYY" and they gave me the arresting officer number and he told me not until after court tomorrow. I was just worried I might have used the incorrect phrasing or something.  He was just arrested this morning, asked me to come get him, and arresting officer said not until after court tomorrow. All I said "I am here to take "XXXX YYYY" and they gave me the arresting officer number and he told me not until after court tomorrow. I was just worried I might have used the incorrect phrasing or something. He needs to be given a bail amount first. If he has not seen the judge to be granted a bail then he cannot get out of jail.  Is it a trial tomorrow or is it a bail hearing? Sorry, you are correct. The officer told me "Not allowed until after court tomorrow morning" was the exact phrase used.  Are you sure it was "trial" and not arraignment? Arraignment is where bail amounts are set, right? (IANAL)