 Hello, I made a Reddit account only for this, I posted on /dog training and they suggested I post here. I got a sudden opportunity to move to California, and I'll be arriving to the US late January. I am in Brazil and here I have a ESA dog, for us all you need is a doctor's letter, (which I have) but I don't know how to get an equivalent for my move. Most stuff online seem like scams and I feel most of them would not have any legal value... Is there a legit ... Place(?) I can contact about that? Thank you in advance!  Makes Sense, I'll check with the airline to be sure and as soon as possible get one from the US  Yes, I think your Brazilian doctor's recommendation would get you on the plane in Brazil with your ESA, but for California housing purposes, it may be best to get another recommendation from your doctor here. That's fair, I'll call the airline to ask and I'll have my doctor's letter on me but still look for one once I'm there  I'm already looking into it, this was just the one thing I could figure out on my own.  I would assume that the recommending doctor needs to be US-based, but that is merely an assumption on my part. I do not know whether a doctor's recommendation from a foreign country would do the trick; if it were me, I'd err on the side of caution and do everything domestically. Maybe the doctor's letter will be enough to for the flight? I have somewhere to be temporarily upon my arrival so I can try and get a letter from a doctor there  So could I translated my letter thought the embassy and have that in my person? And make copies for the airline and landlords?  You're going to have to start with the process for bringing a dog with you to the United States. That is not simple, and it can take months. Start looking into that now. You aren't going to circumvent those rules because the dog is an ESA. Aside from that, there is no official ESA registry. There is not any official ESA "Registration." To have an ESA, you simply need a doctor's recommendation. Whether your doctor in Brazil will suffice I'm not sure of. You may need to get a letter from a doctor in the U.S.  It's the same in the USA: you get a recommendation from a health professional/doctor. The online "registries" for ESAs are all scams that provide you with some kind of fancy certificate that is useless/worthless/meaningless.