 I am wondering what my options are. My fiancée's mother has blocked all contact to her, she has gained access to all social media, then went as far as disconnecting her cell phone after they had an altercation that got physical, fiancée then moved in with grandparents. From there we had sporadic contact through email whenever she went to a public place (grandparents do not have internet) a few days ago I sent her a prepaid cell phone and was able to speak with her for a couple days. However now I have not heard from my fiancée since Monday at noon(it is Thanksgiving the day I have written this post) her phone that I got her goes straight to voicemail which means the phone is either on off or Do not Disturb, even with sporadic emails I have heard from her sooner than this before (whole situation has gone on for a month) I have tried to call and text both the mom and her grandparents to no avail, I unfortunately cannot just go to her house because she is currently in Texas aiding her mother who is going through radiation and chemo treatments(I am in Cleveland) Her mom is also defaming my character and spreading libel about me with out her even meeting me, she has refused to meet me multiple times, so she doesn't know me, and we have never carried a conversation with each other. Ages are me 27 and my fiancée is 20. Her mom has a history of abuse as well as manipulation of her. I am at a complete loss and i hope there is something out there that I can do to resume contact since communication is the most important thing in any relationship. Please help  You're in your late twenties marrying a girl barely out if her teens who is nowhere close to being independent and doesn't seem to have the wherewithal to contact you without her mother's help. Her mother is right to be concerned. Tons of red flags here. I think you should break up with her and date people closer to you in age and stage in their life.  Have you met your fiancée in real life? Your fiancee is an adult and could cease contact with her mother if she wanted. So it looks like she's consenting to this situation. I mean, she clearly could have just made new social media accounts, it seems like she didn't want to. There's nothing you can do if your fiancee chooses to keep in contact with her mother at the expense of keeping in contact with you. The fact that you're 27 and engaged to a 20 year old with the emotional maturity of a grounded teenager is worrying af, though. I probably wouldn't want my daughter marrying you either. You could call in a welfare check, but other than that it doesn't sound like there's much you can do at the moment. If you're that concerned then you should be able to call their local police and request a welfare check for her. It sounds like her mother doesn't like you and is not going to pay for her to have a phone or Internet to contact you. Unless you have some reason to believe that she has been kidnapped or is being locked in a basement or something this isn't a legal issue. She can leave her mom and come live with you or pay for her own Internet connection to chat with you.  That's a bit concerning in it's own right. Really nothing illegal is going on here so there's nothing you can do if she's letting her family take these items and control them. 