 So I’m a pharmacy intern who works in a large retail pharmacy in NYC. Not going to name which one, but it’s one of those with a shopping area/front store and a pharmacy in the back. I was on the clock on a Friday, when a customer came up and asked where a certain item was. Being a OTC medicine, I showed her where it was. We are trained and told to never point where something is l, but to come out and escort the person there. She had her dog on a leash but at the time it was really small, the pharmacy was hectic so I didn’t really notice it. When the customer asked me if another item was sugar and dye free, I bent down to grab it to check, and without any warning her dog bit me in the forearm. At the time, I was swamped with work and didn’t think much about it because I wanted to get back to the pharmacy. The customer apologized and just walked away and left the store. When I had to go to the bathroom, I checked the bite and realized I was bleeding a little. I quickly reported this to my pharmacist, store manager and (took a while) workers comp and hr department. My pharmacist gave me a tetanus shot, and I’m going to the hospital to check for rabies just in case. My workers comp doesn’t activate til the next business day which was Monday. Is there anything else I should do? The store doesn’t allow dogs unless it’s a service dog in the store. This isn’t really the responsibility of the pharmacy but more of the front store employees.  Even less than that; there's 60k cases of rabies a year and maybe five survivors in history, and only one did it without the vaccine (which is used as standard treatment right after exposure). The survivors from the Milwaukee Protocol are still considered flukes and many hospitals won't even attempt it. If you're showing symptoms, get your final affairs in order. You can sue her, but it looks like you will have a hard time identifying her to sue her. The safe thing to do is get a series of rabies shots. There is not test that can tell you for sure other than waiting for symptoms. At that point you have a 99.999% chance of dying from one of the most horrible diseases humans can catch. "I'm going to the hospital to check for rabies..." There is no such thing as "checking for rabies". Well, the only way is to test the dogs brain. I known that you said she left the store, but is there any chance that a co-worker knows who she is based on her description with the dog? Once you start to show signs of rabies, it is essentially incurable. If you can't find the woman and have her prove that the dog had its rabies shot (a requirement in NYS), you will need to go through a series of prophylactic shots. This will all be coordinated by the health department. A dog that bites unprovoked is a public health concern. You should get to your doctor or hospital tomorrow. Do not wait any longer. I hope someone at your store sees her soon so you can get the rabies info from her and you don't need to get the shots. At work, working, not just hanging out. Like how some people do. But yeah  If OP was bitten while at work, worker's comp would kick in.  The time you start working is the time you are covered until clocked out! The time you start working is the time you are covered until clocked out! "My workers comp doesn’t activate til the next business day which was Monday." What do you mean? Your employer should certainly have worker's comp 24/7 and you would be covered any time at work, especially a pharmacy. There should be posters with phone numbers to call to file a claim. Rabies shot suck -- I had to take the series back in 1999 -- but rabies is fatal. Don't risk it if you can't find the owner and personally verify current rabies shot.  Unfortunately there is no punishment for misrepresentation of a service dog in NY. It’s only a violation of the McKinney’s Agriculture and Markets Law § 118 You do however have a case against a dog biting you. File a report with animal services, local PD, and have a incident report filed with your work place. It’s up to animal control and PD to track down the woman. Keep records (pictures, bills, treatments, etc.) and update each agency as you get them.  You may have a lawsuit against the owner that would be covered under the dog owners home insurance policy. Many counties require medical personnel to report dog bites to the animal control department, so you should go ahead and do that. Have the store save footage of the customer so animal control can try to track down who she is. 