 I've been renting a home since April 2018. It was advertised as 3 bedroom/2.5 bathroom. Master shower leaked the first night I used it, so I stopped. The fireplace also did not work at all. The rental company dragged its feet on the repairs for 7 months. After it was finally fixed they offered $400 rent credit. I figured 25% of the rent for the 7 months I was without; that brings us to $2975.00. Very good info, I sincerely appreciate it. I'm going with your advice. Thanks! NAL but prior to the repairs you may have had the option pay [escrow]() to an account established at your local district court. The laws around this are very specific, but water damage can lead to mold which would be a health concern most likely covered by these laws. The fireplace is not. Since we are passed that, the question now becomes what is fair value. This is how I would calculate it in a best case scenario, but obviously I don't live there. Assuming you have 8.5 rooms (3 bed, 2.5 bath, kitchen, livngrm, diningrm) and loosing the shower knocked out half the bathroom leaving you with essentially 8 rooms, that would come out to 5.88% of the house being unusable. With your rent being $1700 that would be $699.72 for all 7 months. Your landlord offered you what equates to roughly 3.36%. While you can definitely haggle with them, I believe that 25% is unrealistic and pushing for that may result in you only receiving $400. If you were to come down and compromise they may be willing to give you more than the $400.  Ask the landlord where they came up with $400 of credit? Go from there, they might bump that number up with negotiation. Good Luck. I now see that 25% is a bit far yes, we had another shower. We complained for 7 months. What figure would you suggest? I would be interested to see your math on that? Is it assumed there was a shower in another bathroom? Short of the fireplace being your sole source of heat I see nothing that states 25% of the house being unusable.  How would it be figured if it's not 25%? Yes, the fireplace is included. What is your reasoning for 25% of the rent? Was 25% of the house unusable? Was the fireplace included in the lease?