 Where can a SAHM/WIFE find free family legal help? I’m at a loss, I’m not from NY and IDK where to begin. I have no immediate family or friends...just those of my husband’s. We have a minor child. I would like to move back to my home state where I was born and raised. Our daughter was also born in my home state . My husband born and raised in NYC. However, husband says I can’t do that. But I need to get my daughter and I settled in a new home, get her set up for the 2019-2020 school year and as well find a job, so that I can provide for myself and my daughter. I need help to understand my rights to move forward and protect myself and my daughter.  If your husband wants shared custody then unfortunately your not moving more then 50 miles from the marital residence unless there is a legitimate proven fact why he should not have shared custody(drug abuse, DV, ect), sorry to break it to you. Your best bet is to find an attorney to try and negotiate the best outcome for you, especially if you don't have funds for a custody battle ( this could top 50k if he had endless funds and wanted to drag it out to wear you down). You simply need an attorney to advocate for you and give you a realistic outcome.  It would actually be easier if you and your daughter moved out but still in NY, and you filed a formal child custody order there. Then during those negotiations, you lay out a well thought out plan for moving to your home state, supporting the two of you, and having familial support there as well. This will then be taken into consideration when deciding child custody. You can use your family funds for the rent, a lawyer, plane tickets to go do job interviews, etc. because this is not a legal separation and you are entitled to the family funds as much as he is. Get a fucking good lawyer because you can bet your ass he's going to be tempted to bankrupt the both of you getting the best one himself. If he knows he can make it back easily and you can't, he might think you skimped out on your lawyer and assume he can beat you by hiring the best. And he might be right, so google top family law firms in NYC and look at their recent awards (top firms are always going to have some awards either the whole firm or many of their lawyers at least). People get petty af during child custody battles even if they love each other and want to remain married so buckle up, buttercup. As an aside, if the marriage has really broken down to the point that you don't even want to live in the same state anymore, maybe you should consider legal separation or divorce. You can get a property settlement or maintenance order that gives you either one big lump sum of money or a smaller lump sum plus regular amounts after that. This could help you get established in your home state and, if you file for either, the courts will not allow your husband to bankrupt the two of you. Are you divorcing your husband? If that is the case then you don't need to take legal advice from your soon to be ex husband. Talk to a family law attorney before you uproot yourself and daughter. You should be able to use marital funds to hire an attorney. Also, I can understand why your husband wouldn't want you to take your daughter and move, he has a right to be involved in her life too.  Your husband does not have the legal authority to prevent you from moving, and to prevent you from taking your daughter with you. Only the courts can order where a child is to live. But, if you move out of the state, you could put yourself in a vulnerable position. Your husband would have 6 months, after you have taken the child with you, to file for custody and establish jurisdiction in NY before you can file in your home state. This would make things very inconvenient, and probably more expensive. Speak to a family law attorney before you do anything. Many offer free or cheap initial consultations.