 Earlier this year in March, I used some laundry detergent for about 4 loads that caused me to have a severe allergic reactionand have been dealing with the aftermath ever since. Whatever the chemical allergen is doesn't wash out, even using Tide's suggested best washing practices. The residue spread to my entire wardrobe, most of my furniture, and apparently my car. I've tried every cleaning combination possible but whatever this chemical is doesn't appear to be removable. Just had my car professionally deep cleaned which included ozone, but it still murders me and my clothes so gotta replace that. Had to cut my hair of 10 years as well, which improved symptoms a bit but I still suffer. I have to buy clothes day to day because the residue doesn't wash out. Allergy testing from my doctor confirmed severe reaction with the tide product. Do I have a case here? I would think so since I used the product as directed but the residue remains and spreads. [Here is my original post on r/Allergies]() but there have been updates. Expecting a company for a complete chemical breakdown of their product including instructions on how to neutralize each component is beyond far fetched. You had a unique but horrible reaction. The chemical is probably commonly used in many surfactants. Nobody injured you negligently or on purpose. It sucks, and I've been there, and it can take months for your skin to fully heal. All you can do is find something that works by trial and error, and stick with it. Sometimes the bird sings to you, sometimes it shits on your shoulder, but neither is the birds fault.  Again, if you have an allergy the onus is on you. Maybe next time, you should test a little of a detergent before using it on everything. The bottom line here is you have no case because they had no duty to protect you from this allergen. As I pointed out in my original post and in the comments, none of the published ingredients listed on their ingredient list tested positive in my allergy testing, but the detergent itself triggered a +4 response (the worst). The ingredient list that P G doesn't list all their ingredients by name as a lot of them are protected as a trade secret. The worst thing about Reddit is the presumptuous attitudes you get from posters like you.  As many people have already pointed out, they have a published ingredient list. You just didn't look for it. Furthermore, they pointed out what works for most people. If it didn't work for you, then _you_ need to figure out what does work for you. Not really no. You have an allergy which if you have taken the actions you claim is still being triggered by trace amounts of the allergy after repeated washing. The product is was not designed for that. It was designed to be used by people who are not allergic to it. Whilst it is forseeable that some who has an allergy could use it by mistake the manufacturer has no duty to that person because they have a duty to do their own research before using the product. For example if I were to wash my clothes with a clearly labeled bottle of hydrochloric acid, thinking it was detergent and not reading the label properly, the manufacturer of the acid would not be liable to replace my destroyed clothes because I chose to pour the acid on the clothes. Your situation is similar but different, because whilst you were using the product for its intended purpose you have a specific need which you need to address yourself. Another example would be someone with a nut allergy going into a restaurant and choosing a dish with peanuts in it without asking the staff or checking the menu. When they go into anaphylaxis it's not the restaurants fault because they were not asked the question and served the product in good faith. Is it reasonable for a consumer to expect to be able to remove detergent residue from their clothes? From their vehicle and furniture? It's fine if chemicals can trigger allergies if you can remove the chemical, but I can't. That's the argument I am making. Seems like i'm just getting dealt a shitty hand.  That's not what I am implying at all. My concern is P G using unlisted ingredients that don't wash out using conventional means, which also happen to trigger allergies. Their rinsing instructions suggest multiple rinses or rinse with vinegar when clearly that doesn't work.  Sorry if I sound harsh but your experience is irrelevant. Context is important but only so far. In order to win a civil case you (or more reasonably, your lawyer) must prove that the company has committed a tort (i.e. that you were wronged in a specific manner, for example negligence) against you and that you should be made whole. Usually this happens when one party has a duty towards another and fails in that duty, for example I would be negligent if I let a child in my care be harmed because I wasn't supervising them. In this case you a competent adult who is aware that they have allergies chose to use a product that contained that allergen. The manufacturers duty to you here was to provide information on the products ingredients, as /u/internet_ghost has pointed out the relevant information about that product is freely available for you to research in order to make an informed decision about the products use. Otherwise the product has been tested cleared for sale by the authorities and complies with the relevant legislation. You did not do that research, therefore you are culpable for the consequences of that lapse and your own choice to use the product. In short, you have no case. You did this to yourself and only have yourself to blame. Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer but this is pretty basic. No, you do not have a case. It is your responsibility to stay away from allergens. The only way you would have a case is if this was specifically marketed as not having what you are allergic too and then in fact did have it. I don't understand how you think it would be more reasonable for the company to have to try and determine how every ingredient may interact with every person. You can file a complaint with the [Consumer Products Safety Commission]() and see if they can help you, or get that information from the manufacturer. It's not a typical situation. You have an extreme allergy. It's likely a rare allergy. That doesn't mean they're responsible for compensating you however. If anything, the less common it is, the less likely they are to owe you a duty.  If your allergen is down to a specific chemical that you can't trace given that list of ingredients, you likely have a very rare allergy from which Proctor and Gamble doesn't have to list that allergen pursuant to federal safety and compliance standards. It would be hard to argue that they a duty to disclose that if the federal government doesn't believe it has to. Have you just tried contacting them and asking for a more specific listing?  I'm gonna guess that you didn't even open one of those PDFs because if you did you would see that not all of the ingredients are listed by the chemical name. Have you even tried using the internet? It's fairly amazing at what you find. I literally just copied the name of the product you used into google plus "ingredient list" and [this](=Search searchtext=tide category=ingredients start=1 num=50) was one of the first few results that popped up. Now, find your product and there's the list of everything that's in it.  Like I understand typical account ability in situations like these but this doesn't seem like a typical situation to me. It seems like you guys are responding to my post without really reading into what my experience was. I know it's a long read but it's there for a reason. This stuff doesn't just wash out. If I knew what the ingredients were then at the very least I would know what I needed to avoid or attempt to remove the allergen. Like, if I knew the allergen was wax based, I'd know to apply heat to melt it first. At current, all I know is that the detergent contains an allergen that doesn't wash out despite numerous washes, vinegar rinses, professional chemical cleaning, etc. I'm in a messed up situation and I don't know why and if this ingredient was in something else then how would I avoid it in the future? If you didn't know you had an allergy, what difference would listing the ingredients make? You wouldn't have read them to search for the allergen. So, you would have used the detergent anyway. How is it unreasonable to place the burden on the person owning the body to know how the body reacts to things? How would it be reasonable to place the burden on a company to warn you of an allergen you didn't know you had?  You don't have a case since it it your responsibility not to expose yourself to allergens. It is shitty, but as someone with detergent allergies myself, it is a hard and costly lesson. At worst, you need to replace your entire wardrobe and get seat covers for your car. At best, you can run your clothes through the wash with a non-offending detergent and you'll be good. You can also find some car non-offending car cleaners to try to get rid of the residue from your car, and if not, you might want to consider reupholstering your car if you don't want to get seat covers. This might be something to contact your insurance about to see if, by random happenstance, cases like this are covered. And that's a reasonable stance, but it's harder when you don't know you have an allergy and they don't list their ingredients. Based on my experience this could have happened to me by simply letting a friend who used this detergent on their clothes before without my knowledge (since the residue doesn't wash out) use my washer for laundry. It seems unreasonable to place that high a burden on someone. The onus is on you to protect yourself against products that contain allergens you're susceptible to. 