 Location California Yesterday morning my (26) girlfriend (22) and mother of my child admitted to punching a man several times in the head and then grabbing a knife and threatening to stab him. Her original story is that it was self defense, but after struggling to keep her story straight she finally admitted that it was a jealous rage that led her to to what she did. Apparently she's been seeing the victim (R) for sometime but when he found out she had a child he started seeing her best friend (J). After drinking all night with both R and J Tuesday night, she heard then flirting and attacked him Wednesday morning. I didnt really react initially. I didn't know how. It was alot to take in, and since I'm pretty much raising our daughter alone, i was busy with her. However several hours after the confession I get unprovoked texts from her friend J confirming the attack. She states exactly what my girlfriend confessed to me. She also tells me that the victim R is afraid of going to the police because he knows how dangerous and manipulative my gf is. Hes worried that being a man, his testimony won't be taken seriously. Cheating aside, this past year has been a complete nightmare for my daughter (3) and I. My girlfriend (C) has been getting increasingly violent, rude and absent. Yes I've been trying to plan to leave but there are some issues involving that which I will address. I want to go to the police. I want to do the right thing. But I am scared. My gf is dangerous. In April of this year she falsely accused me of pushing her and i was changed with misdemeanor domestic battery. She used her dad who's an abusive psychopath as a false witness. I was attempting to leave her at the time. I lawyered up and fought the charge. In October the prosecution gave me a deal, due to the inconsistent story given by my gf and her father, he dropped the charges as long as I complete some anger management courses. On December 17th the charges will be dropped completely. So the reason I am scared to go to the police is because I'm worried they're going to think this is a retaliation attempt against my gf despite the evidence. I also am worried that if my gf is arrested, my daughter will be taken by CPS because they will see my charge and see that my gf got arrested and determine neither of us can provide her a safe environment, the opposite of the truth. We actually had CPS involved at one point, suggested by the arresting officer, but my daughter was never taken from us, we just had to stay apart for a couple days until our meeting. Our worker determined we weren't the "typical" type of parents who end up in CPS, and let us go without a hitch. I have dedicated my life to my daughter and everyone involved in her life, her teachers and otherwise can vouch for that. She is safe with me. I take her education very seriously and devote my all my free time to her. I love my baby more then the world and my behavior shows it. Despite my gf, my daughter is a well adjusted, intelligent, confident beautiful young girl. I am losing myself and the only thing keeping me afloat is my daughter. I'm scared of my gf becoming increasingly violent, and I'm terrified for my daughter's safety. My gf has said some scary things in the past, including suicidal thoughts that including "taking our daughter with her". She's had scary dreams as well. I do want to note that I have acquired a hidden camera to prepare for the eventual departure and fight for custody and to also monitor my gf and daughter when I am away. I apologize for the length and also if things are jumbled. My gf is literally five feet away as I type this. I guess after reading all of this I just need suggestions on what to do. If I should go to the police. If I should be worried about my daughter being taken due to my record and her possible arrest. Thank you so much for reading.  To be clear I meant when I'm away at work. I'm not. I'm putting a hidden camera in before I depart to gather evidence for custody. Do NOT place a hidden camera to watch after you depart. I can't imagine that being legal in any jurisdictions.  You need to file for a domestic violence restraining order with the evidence that you've collected. You need you subpoena your witnesses to testify at the hearing. File as a civil action with an attorney; do not go through the police. Do not tip anyone off until the last moment so that you can collect as much evidence as possible. Thank you so much for the advice. Its hard not to fall into a dark place or blame myself for this. I sometimes feel like I failed as a father by having a child with someone like her. I'm trying my best and my daughter is the one thing that keeps me going. When its just me and her, life is complete bliss. I will take your advice full force. I will do my best for my baby. Thank you.  Oh man, dude. I just created a reddit account so that I could reply to your post - it really triggers some memories for me. I can't really offer much in the way of legal advice but I wanted to offer a bit of support / other advice. Background: I'm a 48-year old man. About 18 years ago, I was in a somewhat similar situation as you with a crazy live-in gf. She would regularly threaten me / threaten suicide / etc. Fortunately no kids involved (which I know makes your situation infinitely more complex). I've come out the other side into a really good life: happily married, awesome kid, successful business. So please know that it is possible to come out of this and thrive. But it's hard, and it's scary, and it's uncomfortable. Some things that I want to impress on you. I'm sure you already know some or all of this: 1. Please take care of yourself. Try to take a little bit of time every day for yourself. Exercise, enjoy a hobby, etc. Something that gets your mind off of your troubles and responsibilities for a few minutes. And maintain a healthy lifestyle - it can be hard to do that with so much drama going on. It will help with your sanity and your long-term health. You deserve it, and your daughter needs a parent who has it together. 2. You absolutely need to protect yourself financially, legally, and physically. If you have weapons in the home please remove them. Put a lock on a bedroom (or other) door so that if things get crazy you can hide out in there. If you have joint accounts, stop putting money into them. If you have joint debts, start figuring out how to separate those. I don't know if you have legal help, but please find some. If you can't afford to pay for legal advice, please find a place that will offer it for free. You are in an abusive relationship and are entitled to help in dealing with it. 3. Get a therapist who understands co-dependent relationships. Seriously. Best thing I ever did for myself. If the first one you try out doesn't seem to click for you, keep trying other till you find one you have a rapport with. Seriously, this can change your life. 4. You can't fix your GF. In fact, it's possible that if you try, she will simply get worse. This was probably the hardest thing for me to accept. You have to accept that she is the way that she is. And you have to make your own life choices based on that. What advice would you give your best friend if he/she were in this situation? 5. Keep in touch with your friends and family. Don't isolate yourself. You need other, normal, people in your life. 6. Believe in yourself. Believe that you and your daughter deserve a good life. Whatever mistakes you've made, you don't deserve to be scared and abused. And make no mistake you are being abused. You can get yourself out of this. It may not be easy, but you can do it. 7. You're doing a great job taking care of your daughter. Keep it up. She's lucky to have you. Good luck. I'm truly rooting for you. 