 I apologize if this is very long, I want to be thorough. We live in a residential area, within city limits, on a side street just off a main road. We are also right next to a very heavily-wooded area. I live here with my son and my mother, my SO is an OTR driver and not home often. We have a neighbor who lives directly behind us, we'll just call him Kyle. His house is literally right next to the woods, and his property even includes some of the wooded area. Kyle moved in a couple years ago. He has a bad reputation in town for being hard to deal with and he's very sue-happy. My mother has even heard of his reputation from his ex-wife, an old aquaintence of hers. So, we kind of had an idea of what was coming at us. At first everything was alright, we kept to ourselves like we always do. Then Kyle started burning. A lot. His property is a very thin, but long strip of land. It stretches behind 3 other houses on our side street. He was clearing out an area at the end of his property and burning brush. It was burn season, so we didn't have any problem. We burn too, everyone does. Though we wondered how he managed to have enough brush to burn literally all day for weeks on end. Then burn season ended. He didn't stop. We wouldn't have minded if he had smaller, controlled burns on par with campfires (which are legal outside burn season) but he was having very large piles burning constantly, we couldn't go outside without smoke in our faces. It smelled awful, NOT like regular brush burning. Another neighbor, next to us on our side street, could see he was burning his personal trash and construction materials from his "side jobs". Neighbors started calling the police and fire department on him for his frequent burning. At one point, he caught a tree on fire and FD had to come put it out. This is especially concerning, because this is one of the largest wooded areas in the county and literally touches every single neighborhood along this main road. City inspector has come out and ticketed him. FD and police have warned him multiple times and given citations. He may stop for a day or two but then goes right back at it. We became a target of his frustrations when my mom decided to go out one day and ask him to stop. I was just going to call the non-emergency line and she insisted we 'give him a chance' even though at this point it has been a couple years and the problem has never stopped. He said "Sure, I'll stop" and promptly threw more trash on the pile, obviously making it larger. I called and the police showed up to talk to him. Kyle told them it was just a campfire, and by that time the fire had died down, so the officer left and came to talk to us to get more information. While the officer was speaking to us, Kyle thought he had left the area completely, and again threw a bunch of trash onto the pile. Officer saw the huge plumes of smoke, zipped around and ticketed him. Ever since then, Kyle has been harassing us (particularly my mother). Our kitchen window faces directly to our backyard and his house is RIGHT there. I have seen him pacing back and forth behind the fence, popping his head up trying to see us. He looks into the kitchen window and flips off my mom when he sees her. When my mom is in the yard (usually to pick up dog mines) he is over there swearing at her and being hostile. He has kicked in planks from our fence and damaged them. We used screws to repair one, and he STILL managed to break it less than a week later. We're not sure if that side of the fence is technically ours, since the inside faces his property, but we did pay for the fence the last time it was rebuilt (we had a very good relationship with the previous homeowners). We haven't responded to him, ever. We document everything we possibly can. I don't think we can record him in our state at all without his knowledge/permission so it's hard to document the intensity of his ranting and vulgarities. A couple days ago, while my mom was at the store, Kyle came up behind her and started shouting at her to "stop harassing" him. She didn't even realize he was there. They did argue at the store, my brother ended up showing up and trying to confront the guy which just made things worse. Kyle raced home and called the police, who were there speaking with him by the time my mom got home. The officer spoke with her afterwards, and just told her to call them if there are issues. He said she could look into an order of protection, but a court advocate confirmed they would only be granted if Kyle was threatening us. We have since bought curtains for our kitchen window so he cannot spy in on us. Two other neighbors, whom we are friendly with, have told us that over the last few days Kyle has driven past our house multiple times and yelled at us to "open our windows". None of them knew that we put curtains up. Kyle claims to have a lawsuit with the city for "allowing us to use our connections to get him ticketed"--my father was a very respected fireman for the city for almost 20 years before he passed, but he certainly did not have any pull with the police and how they operate. Kyle is on disability from an accident years ago and we believe he's concerned something will affect that if he's found to be working these side-jobs as an independent contractor. We just aren't sure what we can do from here. It's every day that he's yelling at us or finding some way to harass us. Is our only option really just to sit back and document his harassment? We can barely go outside and enjoy our yard in peace. A friend of my mother's suggested she get a security camera, but would that really make a difference in situations like him kicking our fence in or flipping us off over the fence, etc? We have all been planning on moving for the last couple years, and will be doing so by next spring. But we're concerned about this getting worse before then. Do we have any course of action available to us? Thank you for reading! TL;DR neighbor illegally burns materials outside burn season, is angry at us because he got ticketed and is now retaliating by harassing us and trying to damage property that we aren't sure is technically ours. If we were planning on staying here longer, we would definitely have a company come by and install something. We really appreciate all your input with this, and will start some research on something we can DIY! I’ve done some research for myself years ago without ever purchasing anything. To be honest if you can afford it I would hire a company local to you to come and install everything and set it all up for you. Most DIY stuff I’ve seen seems to try and be as user friendly as possible but I always seem to see reviews from less than tech savvy people having difficulty setting up WiFi and things like that. When my wife and I are able to buy we plan to just hire a company as even though I am fairly tech savvy I would rather it just be done right the first time. The market also seems to be flooded with a lot of knockoff type products so I wouldn’t want to buy something less than what I want for home security. Thank you, a million times over. My mom and I just read over this and we will absolutely begin recording now, while making it obvious that we are recording. I forgot to say that we ARE considering security cameras, just not familiar with them. Do you have any suggestions? My mom is not totally tech-savvy and I'm sure she wants something she could easily use. A security camera set up would be a good idea and if you are worried about an argument that you are hiding them put up some of those signs that say "Smile you're on camera" I would honestly invest in some good quality day/night security cameras around your house and property. It sounds like you are doing all the right things. As far as recording these incidents you can use your call phone to record video and I would highly suggest doing so from now on. The law basically just means you cannot use a hidden device to record a conversation. Recording harassing behavior while in public, or on your property is completely legal as holding a phone up makes the person aware they are being recorded. Just be sure you are not recording him through windows into his home. If you are outside and he is outside you should be fine. Reference - Exception: Open and Conspicuous: The first exception is if you're open about the fact that you're recording. Recording your kid at a soccer game, or your spouse in a drunken stupor (or anyone) in public is okay and the recording may be evidence if you're open about it and not doing it surreptitiously, That's the word the law uses: "surreptitious." The law defines it: "(g) Surreptitious. For purposes of this [law], "surreptitious" means obtained or made by stealth or deception, or executed through secrecy or concealment." So, if you want to record someone and just pull up your phone's video camera and say "I'm recording," there should be no problem. If the person being recorded says "I don't want you to record me, I don't consent to the recording, and I want you to turn that off;" so what? Who cares what that person wants? You're not being surreptitious about it so there shouldn't be a problem. You can't get all up in their business and harass them -- harassment is a crime. Openly recording others, even without their consent, however, is okay under Illinois law. Exception: Obtaining Evidence: You may record surreptitiously when you reasonably suspect that a crime is about to be committed (or has already been committed) against you or someone in your household. You have to be a party to this conversation, too. You don't have to be open about it -- you can be surreptitious -- but you DO have to be part of the conversation. Here's what the law says: Sec. 14--3. Exemptions. The following activities shall be exempt from the provisions of this [law]: (i) Recording of a conversation made by . . . a person . . . who is a party to the conversation, under reasonable suspicion that another party to the conversation is committing, is about to commit, or has committed a criminal offense against the person or a member of his or her immediate household, and there is reason to believe that evidence of the criminal offense may be obtained by the recording. 720 ILCS 5/14-3 "Disorderly Conduct" -- Exceptions to the Exception: (Thanks to noted Chicago divorce attorney, Burton Gross for this insight). The "open-and-conspicuous" exception doesn't always apply. Illinois' "disorderly conduct" law (720 ILCS 5/26 et seq.) limits video recording (both "in-person" and with "planted" devices) even if done openly and conspicuously: Not In "Privacy Rooms" Without Consent: Video recordings, unless consented to, are forbidden in restrooms, tanning salons, locker rooms (news media are exempted) changing rooms, and hotel bedrooms. Not Inside Residence Without Consent: Video recordings of a person inside that person's residence made inside the residence are forbidden unless consented to. Not Outside Residence Without Consent: Video and audio recordings of a person inside that person's residence made from outside the residence are forbidden unless consented to. No "Up-Skirts" Without Consent: Video recordings of another "under or through the clothing" are forbidden without consent. Exception to the Exceptions to the Exception: The audio portion of a video recording allowed under the "obtaining evidence" exception to the Eavesdropping law does not put the recorder in jeopardy of "disorderly conduct." The law doesn't punish citizens helping to thwart crimes.