 So as the title reads, I was notified about a month ago, october 25th, a few trees near power lines would be pruned by NYSEG. This was done by fliar left hanging on my front door. It listed the reason for trimming and what if anything I would like done. Cut the trees, woodchip them and one other option I cant recall. This is followed by a signature and some information about filling it out PRIOR to them taking action. Yesterday they came without any further announcements and clear cut down 10-12 trees and some bushes, that were not near the power lines and when called and question about the issue, NYSEG stated that the trees and bushes were unsightly and unkept. The supposed trees in question are still on the power lines. I am in New York, anything that can be done? I dont have an issue with it if it was on the power lines but now my pool and backyard is completely exposed to my neighbors house who is a registered sex offender (yay!) With my nephews being around during the summer it makes me uncomfortable.  We have had the flyer on our door, and unless they change it area to area, then it asks you if you have a preference for debris removal, but not what you want done - and there is a due date on it, so if you don't express an interest by that date, they do whatever the contractor wants. From what I understand, any trees or growth near powerlines or related equipment is fair game , even if its on your property .  You should start by contacting the New York State Public Service Commission’s Office of Consumer Services at 1-800-342-3377 or file a complain here assuming that I'm not dumb and you DO live in NY http://www.dps.ny.gov  Ya on our property! Sorry I phrased that oddly. The paper was meant for me to sign and verify what I wanted done. I hadnt gotten around to sending it in but they never reached out again.  If the trees were on property owned by the state it's entirely legal for them to cut them as they have no obligation to provide you with privacy by using things on their property. If said trees and bushes were on your property then as long as the paper signed didn't give them permission to come and cut them down you should be able to take some form of legal action! I'm sorry that this happened, we had the same issue and ended up caving in and spending 8-9k on landscaping and trees.