 Hello All This is in Tucson, AZ. My sister in law was just served with a court order to appear in approximately two weeks. Her ex husband is trying to attain 50/50 custody of their children, 2 and 6 years old, in order to stop paying child support. He moved to Seattle last November and obviously does not have them 50 percent of the time. The concern is that she is saying that there is not enough time and she can't hire an attorney to help her. Does she really need to go in this all alone without representation? He obviously has been preparing for this for quite sometime with an attorney. It seems he is trying to pull the rug out from under her and trying to manipulate the situation. I am trying to look for the best course of action for her. Thank you in advance Just an update. The hearing was Friday, he got spring and fall break, 4 weeks in the summer and they alternate holidays. Basically he got 50 days. Everything worked out great Thank you again!  You're a stand up brother-in-law, dude! Thank you for taking the time to respond. We have found her a lawyer and will be filing for a continuance! I appreciate it. Thank you! I found her an attorney, she has an appointment on Monday. I appreciate you taking the time to respond. Also, she is going to file for a continuance. She needs a lawyer in Tucson and she needs to start talking to lawyers ASAP. Many of them will be willing to work out payment arrangements. This should be a fairly easy case for her if she has a lawyer - and it could be an absolute nightmare if she does not. He has moved a considerable distance from his children, one of whom is elementary school age and is asking for 50-50 custody and does not want to pay child support... Even a semi-decent lawyer who just passed the bar last week will make a huge difference in this case for her.  I believe in Tucson She should start looking for a lawyer local to Tuscon. As it is now, she has two weeks to find one. She could also file for a continuance, which would push back the court date a bit. It may very well be feasible to reschedule it due to the holidays to early next year when she has more time to find a lawyer. Did he file in Seattle or in Tucson?