 Currently I am renting a unit in a home since the beginning of May 2018. As of late, my situation has changed and I am looking to move somewhere more affordable. Yes, I understand how a lease works but I also understand that I am able to reassign with permission. I have found a 'tenant' to move into the unit (two gentlemen who work in a fine dining resto in town - and have Fair Good credit). I had asked them to submit their informations to the landlord who owns the home and got a response: "They don't seem like a good fit. Looking for professionals with good credit. Or Grad students from McMaster." and after some questions: "Had poor credit. Not looking for undergrad students..hence I noted grad school. I have always rented it for professionals with good credit. I have to make sure I have a good match as it's a shared house." Fair enough? I can confirm their credit is 590 and 690 between the two of them who are both full time chefs. I would just like to know what grounds I have to stand on here considering it's a 'private rental', whether or not that makes a difference or what I can really do here, if anything. I personally believe it's because the downstairs tenants have also come to the end of their lease and she doesn't want to potentially have two vacant units since I am always paying on time. Any help would be greatly appreciated. I would be happy to shed light on what was in the lease agreement if possible but I think aside from wanting good credit, her discriminating against where they go to school or what her opinion of a "young professional" is (being that we live in a city that is very culinary centric). I should also note the tenants who lived in this unit before were all in retail, 1 out of 3 was in school and one worked in a bar. Thanks in advance. p.s I can never retrieve my reddit password, so this isn't a throwaway just had to set up a new one.  Ok then if you can find someone who makes $40K and has at least a 785 credit rating the landlord shouldn't be able to withhold approval of the assignment. Have you talked to the landlord about a sublease rather than assignment? This would mean that you would remain the responsible party for rent and damages you cause. So it’s important that you have some level of trust with the replacements. However, it would mean that you had some income coming in to cover it. At least in most US states that I am aware of, a Landlord may not unreasonably deny you, and would have a duty to mitigate his/her losses if you were to move out and not pay before he could sue. I’m not sure if this applies in Canada. But if your replacement shows greater income and one is similar credit to yours I would think that might be unreasonable in the eyes of a judge, and it would be easy to show he could have mitigated his loss that way. You might consider talking to the Landlord about those things to see if it helps to change his mind. Also probably should have a lawyer do the sublease or assignment agreement for you so you don’t get burned.  That makes sense. We only reported one income (letter of employment) when we got the unit, which was mine at $40,000 annual. At the time, he was just 2 weeks into a job and didn't even have a pay stub yet so we weren't able to produce a record of his income at all. We offered to get a cosigner- which we did and I had inquired if the same option would be applicable to the new applicant but she didn't give me a response. This lease take over is for Jan - end of May (which is also incorrect, I noticed on the lease agreement that it was for 12 months however, we moved in on the 1st of May so I would imagine the last month should actually be end April 2019). This is my first time renting, I was a home owner previously so I guess I am just not so well versed it how this all works.  If you want to be on firm ground you should find replacement tenants who match your credit when you moved in. How about income? What did you and your BF collectively make? Thanks for responding. She does not live in the unit. It's entirely self contained (even the entry ways into the units are completely on opposite ends of the home). When I had moved into the unit, my boyfriend with a score of 600 - and myself with a 785 - were no problem.  Does the landlord also live in the home? Is your unit self contained or do you share kitchen/bathroom w landlord? 590 is pretty bad credit. Did you have to submit your credit when you moved in, and if so what was it? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.