 When I was 15, I was committed, by my parents, to a mental institution. The official reason I was committed there was for "impulsive behaviour". The real reason was that my parents sent me there so they could show me who was in charge, as I was an extra rebellious teenager (Coming home late, not texting back, spending a lot, parties, etc). But on to my point. My PARENTS Committed me into a mental hospital as an inpatient, however I was still picked up and brought to the the hospital by the police. I was released from the hospital after less than 3 days because I was deemed not needed to be there - basically I was normal and the staff and psychologist there affirmed that there was no issue with me. My question is - would I be legally able to pass the background check, FOID card requirements, and CCW requirements?  I'd be careful about this. When you purchase a gun, you fill out a form (ATF 4473). One of the questions on this form relates to whether you've been committed. If you answer yes to this, then the form stops at that point: the dealer will refuse to sell to you. If you answer no, and it comes up that this is not true, you may be in deeper waters for lying on a federal form. If you study the form though, there's very specific language on it. This is the exact text for the detailed instructions on this question: Question 11.f. Adjudicated as a Mental Defective: A determination by a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority that a person, as a result of marked subnormal intelligence, or mental illness, incompetency, condition, or disease: (1) is a danger to himself or to others; or (2) lacks the mental capacity to contract or manage his own affairs. This term shall include: (1) a finding of insanity by a court in a criminal case; and (2) those persons found incompetent to stand trial or found not guilty by reason of lack of mental responsibility. Committed to a Mental Institution: A formal commitment of a person to a mental institution by a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority. The term includes a commitment to a mental institution involuntarily. The term includes commitment for mental defectiveness or mental illness. It also includes commitments for other reasons, such as for drug use. The term does not include a person in a mental institution for observation or a voluntary admission to a mental institution. EXCEPTION: Under the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, a person who has been adjudicated as a mental defective or committed to a mental institution in a State proceeding is not prohibited by the adjudication or commitment if the person has been granted relief by the adjudicating/committing State pursuant to a qualifying mental health relief from disabilities program. Also, a person who has been adjudicated as a mental defective or committed to a mental institution by a department or agency of Federal Government is not prohibited by the adjudication or commitment if either: (a) the person's adjudication or commitment was set-aside or expunged by the adjudicating/committing agency; (b) the person has been fully released or discharged from all mandatory treatment, supervision, or monitoring by the agency; (c) the person was found by the agency to no longer suffer from the mental health condition that served as the basis of the initial adjudication/commitment; or (d) the adjudication or commitment, respectively, is based solely on a medical finding of disability, without an opportunity for a hearing by a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority, and the person has not been adjudicated as a mental defective consistent with section 922(g)(4) of title 18, United States Code; (e) the person was granted relief from the adjudicating/committing agency pursuant to a qualified mental health relief from disabilities program. Persons who fall within one of the above exceptions should answer "no" to question 11.f. This exception to an adjudication or commitment by a Federal department or agency does not apply to any person who was adjudicated to be not guilty by reason of insanity, or based on lack of mental responsibility, or found incompetent to stand trial, in any criminal case or under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. The way I read this, is that it hinges a lot on whether you were formally committed / "adjudicated," or whether it was solely on your parents authority that you were sent. The "Committed to a Mental Institution" line item notes that a "determination by a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority" is required to pass the bar for commitment. I think your situation may fall under the term "observation" listed in the "Committed to a Mental Institution" line item. All this said, there is going to be information in your medical and legal records that I cannot speak to (and that you yourself may not have seen). I think a gun-friendly lawyer is going to be a much better asset in making sense of this information, than a gun-store owner.  My thoughts exactly. I would get a consult just to be safe, but ideally OP should be good As I read that, I'd say he was in "for observation" only as he was released after a few days. As such, by your pasted text, he should be ok. Probably consult an attorney to be on the safe side though.  I whole heartedly agree about the CCW license, self defense, and psychological and physical effects of taking another life. However, I think we can all agree that it's better that we live (and our family too), instead of being slaughtered due to being defenseless. If you break into our house and threaten us with force, expect to be met with force. I was thinking maybe I could go to a guns dealer and ask then to run a background check on me? Also no mistake, the police did pick me up. I had to go to the general hospital in an ambulance for health checks and stuff, at the time (and maybe still) everyone who went to the mental institution had to do that. It was due to some incident that happened at the mental institution. Not a lawyer, but I do support CCW licensing, it saved my life. This comment may be longer than necessary but I want to drive my message home and elaborate on the relevance of it. Some February in 2013-2015 I was forced to use my firearm in self defence. The grand jury saw that it was self defence and no charges were pressed but the court did make me go to a psychologist to check for PTSD after my initial statement indicated anxiety (Duh, I had to freaking shoot someone just earlier that day!) She diagnosed me with paranoia and PTSD and placed me on what I now know are high doses of both Xanax twice daily and Klonopin once daily for a long time. Those drugs took every ounce of motivation out of me. I lost all sense of time, budgeting, and any drive to actually "do" anything at all. Lost my job, my relationship, and briefly a home because I simply didn't care while on them. Hence my inability to recall what year this event even happened. The officer that picked me up off the ground and almost certainly saved my life called me what seems like forever after the shooting and said I was free to come pick up my holster, firearm, both magazines, and the 21rds of ammunition that were held as evidence. When I arrived at the police station and saw him I started tearing up and told him I didn't even know if I wanted it back and that I haven't carried since the shooting. He said "You used this tool to protect yourself and your loved ones, exactly the same reason I put on this uniform. Now put this tool back in your tool belt and carry on." TL;DR: I shot someone. Was prescribed large doses of psychiatric drugs. Temporarily ruined every facet of my life. Then my firearm was returned while I cried in the police station. Also, my CCW was never suspended/revoked during any of this. Apply for your CCW and face whatever comes. Apologies in advance for the jumble of text, talking about all this still puts me at the peak of stress. I would do some more research into what happened, specifically around the term "committed," and what the role of the police was. There are plenty of places that will accept "troubled" minors, most often to help them off of substance problems. Being a minor, your parents can basically say "you're going," and that's as good as the law. The word "committed" may even have been used, but is this the same as being committed by a judge? I'm guessing not. Similarly, I wouldn't let the fact that the police were involved trouble you too much. Many of these types of place will hire some "strong" type people to force people to go. It is not inconceivable that they would have off-duty police hired for this role. In short, I think you have good reason to believe you may not have been committed per a legal definition, but I'd encourage you to talk to a lawyer before attempting to purchase firearms. Does being a minor factor into the law? In my state, persons committed as minors are allowed to answer no to questions like that.  Being committed is a highly legal process. If you were committed there would have been lawyers and judges involved. It sounds like you just had overbearing parents who convinced some doctors that you needed to be hospitalized because you are unsafe. Being admitted to a psych hospital is not the same as being committed. The first is like talking to the police and maybe they think you did something wrong. The second is like you went through a trial and were convicted of a crime.  I could get my parents to vouch for me legally probably. My father himself was the general counsel for a multi billion dollar company so he knows his legal stuff. I've changed since then obviously, I'm through that phase, and I don't have anything bad on record since then, including speeding tickets - zero bad marks. I think I was committed. After I was let out, I "had" to go to two outside psychologist sessions. The psychologist deemed it unnecessary after two sessions however. You should be okay. You technically were most likely on a hold for evaluation... you weren’t committed, as they decided that it wasn’t needed. You were simply evaluated.  Honestly the fact that your parents committed you when nothing was wrong is very hinky. I would recommend consulting a lawyer, with any documentation from the facility you have saying that nothing was wrong with you.  Correct. I am in Illinois. The thing about my case was I basically just asked to leave, and then arrangements were made for me to leave, with parental consent of course. This makes me confused as to where I legally fall under the law.  I'm guessing Illinois. They're the only state I've heard of that calls it a FOID I put this comment under a similar thread, but it applies here as well. It depends on the circumstances under which you were committed, but looking at the ATF 4473, question 11f asks, "Have you ever been adjudicated as a mental defective OR have you ever been committed to a mental institution?" Under the instructions for 11f, the form says that commitment is, "A formal commitment of a person to a mental institution by a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority. The term includes a commitment to a mental institution involuntarily. The term includes commitment for mental defectiveness or mental illness. It also includes commitments for other reasons, such as for drug use. The term does not include a person in a mental institution for observation or a voluntary admission to a mental institution." So, if you were committed involuntarily, then you're what's called a "prohibited person." This means you can't own guns. I would do some more digging however. As for the FOID, no idea. I've never lived in a state that requires one. I'm guessing you're in Illinois?  Illinois.  Location?