 had 2 tickets. One for failure to register and insurance. I was stupid and drove the car to wash it because I was about to sell it the next day. Car wash was only 1 mile away from house. Anyway I got 2 tickets. I paid them online for a total of around 250$ I found out today I have a warrant for it. I was told I didn't need to go to court cause I would be admitting guilt for paying them. I cannot get a hold of anyone untilMonday. I called the county sheriff. They said bond was 100$ but I need to call first to see if they will help with warrant. Was the likelyhood of them just accepting my already made payment and taking off the warrant? I have recipests that I paid both of them online as well as bank account statement. I have never had a warrant in my life and am pretty scared and down about it. I appreciate any advice thank you. Thank you sir The warrant gets pulled from the system as soon as it is settle by a law enforcement officer. It also shows up still as a cleared warrant. You could turn yourself in and pay the bond, you would Be issued a court date and released.  I need to get the warrant off my name Monday or else I cannot return towork. I can't put details but I won't be able to go back to work unless it is taken care of unfortunately. I did call the county and he gave me a number to call Monday to ask if they can help me fix this and if not come get booked and make sure I have 100$ if I get booked and realise will it come off my name? I just really need it gone Monday. It sucke tho because I've already paid 250 bucks that I have no idea why isn't taking care of my tickets....maybe I was too late paying them online. Do you think it'll be off my name Monday if I do turn myself in and they find out what happened to the money I paid??? I not certain on how court works in Iowa, on Monday when the courts are open, call the court that issued the issued the warrant and ask if they can schedule a recall hearing. I'm Washington you can schedule a recall and get a new court date. It doesn't pull the warrant out of the system but at least sets you up with a court date. First thing Monday(maybe Friday) I would find yourself a traffic attorney. They can make some calls and hopefully get the warrant pulled or get you in front of a judge to get rid of the warrant. You can also present them with everything you have done so far with the original fines. Until then, if you have contact with a police officer you may be arrested and taken to jail on the warrant. I would also get someone trusted lined up to get your bail paid should that happen. $100 bail isn't high at all, at my jail if you had a 100$ bill on your person you could use that to bond, YMMV in that regard. Enjoy your holiday, stay out of trouble and you will be ok. Don't let it rule your weekend.  Yes I did miss court and failure to appear. I thought I didn't have to go to court it I paid it. That's what I was told by a family member anyway. Ive never gone to court over my other 2 tickets a decade ago cause I just paid and that was it. Is it 60 days after ticket or is it 60 after court? I'm extremely stressed and ive never been to jail or arrested and I'm very upset. I hope they take my receipts that I did actually pay it online. I must have messed up something online like not paying it all or something I eont know or was late I don't get it.  What is the warrant for? Looks like in Iowa you have 60 days to pay a traffic citation, failure to do so will be your license being suspended. Did you miss a court date and have a failure to appear? From someone. Looked it up and it confirmed it  How did you find out you have a warrant?