 I am a 28 year old male undergrad at a well-known university. I am a major of a particular foreign language. Last fall, I had a graduate student instructor around my age who I ended up developing romantic feelings for and I am very certain that she had interest in me. She would stare at me and stand very close to me and occasionally made suggestive comments. One day, I left my laptop in the room by accident and when I came back I discovered she had taken the laptop to her locker in the grad student area of the department. Upon emailing her she told me to pick her up at her house and gave me her address and phone number. I knew this wasn't quite kosher, but I needed my laptop and so I did so. Nothing untoward happened but I think somebody told her she shouldn't have done that and she avoided speaking to me for several weeks. I believe she was afraid I would tell people, which I decided nobody needed to know. She got friendly with me again after Thanksgiving break. I have this email permanently saved, just in case. After the semester ended, in January of the next year, I texted her asking if she wanted to get coffee and I received no reply. I texted an apology a few days later and also received no reply. I worked at a food court next door to the building of our department, and she would avoid me if she saw me working there. I am fairly certain that she told the other members of the faculty because my instructor for last spring acted very oddly toward me. She seemed to drop hints that she knew about me asking her colleague out and she would got way to interested when I made small talk with another girl of the same ethnicity in our class. Anyway, things eventually got better with this teacher, but at the time I was taking a group therapy session and in that session I had mentioned how a woman in my hometown had thought I was stalking her after I had asked her out and we kept seeing each other around town. It had caused me some trauma and I was paranoid about how I came across to women. Anyway, the group seemed to accept me, but there was one woman (a grad student) in the group who seemed disturbed by me. One day, we were making small talk and I mentioned my tutor for my department (another grad student) by name and this woman in my therapy group mentioned she knew her. I had heard my tutor gossiping about me one day but decided to ignore it. Around this time I stopped going to group therapy (too busy) and I noticed my spring instructor had reverted back to her old attitude towards me, and when I was out and about campus, I would see the woman in my group and she would always act sheepish around me, like she was guilty or something. The thought crossed my mind that she might have breached confidentiality and told my tutor, but I didn't want to be paranoid. Anyway, summer rolled around. I didn't take classes but I didn't want to go back to my hometown, so I kept working in the food court and got an apartment less than a mile off campus. I would go to the gym and I would see an actual professor of mine at the gym (whose behavior towards me had shifted about the same time I left group therapy) and he seemed bothered by my presence at the gym. I also noticed other members of the faculty of my department just giving me suspicious looks. I saw the woman I asked out here and there and I didn't acknowledge her. Fall rolled around and some of the students I had had in my spring course started acting the same way, and I specifically remember that my spring instructor was done with her teaching portion grad school and told everybody to add her on Facebook. When I saw her where I work she completely ignored me. Reaching my wit's end, I decided to talk to my adviser, since I didn't know if I could trust HR, and I asked if people in the department were uncomfortable with me, to which she replied she hadn't heard anything (though she had acted odd as well) and I came clean about asking my fall instructor out. My adviser simply asked if I had asked her while she was still my instructor or after, to which I replied after. She didn't seem to think it was a big deal. I made sure not to mention anything about the car ride. Anyway, things have been better but still weird with the department staff and I get treated suspiciously by people who I really ought not to get that treatment from. What's more, I heard through the grapevine that the grad student I asked out had left the area. I also tried to contact the woman who I believe may have breached confidentiality but she never replied (she obtained her master's and left the state). I'm taking a year off from school, reassessing my interests, and relocating, but I am bothered by whether there is something I should or shouldn't do. I still have the email and the text messages I sent her saved. I don't actually know what all has been said about me. The department is very cold in their attitude towards me. Should I go to HR with the email and explain my whole side of the story? I feel like I have nothing but conjecture to go on and so I can't really make a case, and I fear I would just make things worse if I told about the email. I too would suggest that you are possibly misinterpreting things. You have no right to confidentiality over asking someone out, and if it made her uncomfortable I think it's reasonable that she would talk to someone about it. That said, what you are seeing (multiple faculty, students, etc treating you a certain way) is unlikely. Most likely she just feels uncomfortable after you asked her out, and you are overreading everything. You have no right to privacy on this, and HR at a university has nothing to do with this either. If you don't trust your advisor you can go to the counseling center or go see the university Title IX office, but that feels like a maaaaajor stretch. Also, please go see a profession therapist again. What you are describing could be the early signs of a mental illness. I see. Thank you for your advice. As gently as I can; you have no legal issue and the problems you're experiencing are likely due to leaving therapy. You should definitely, definitely consult a psychologist about your feelings of isolation and being ganged up on. 