 I live in Minnesota, in an apartment that is part of a four-plex. My landlord is selling the building and sent us (my neighbors) a group text on Tuesday (Nov 20th) at 9 am that he is closing on the property this upcoming Thursday (Nov 29th) and said to just hold onto our rent checks (due the 1st) until he lets us know who he is selling to when the deal is official. Anyway an hour after that text came in i got a knock on my door from a repair person (individual contractor w friend not a company) to let me know they are going to be turning off the heat to replace our furnace. I had to go to work at 11am so shortly after they arrived i had to go to work. When i returned home about 8:30pm they were just cleaning up, i didnt really think about it and assumed my heat would be back. I was wrong. My apartment (that also has a cat) was absolutely frigid. If i had to guess high 50's for temp. I sat under a bunch of blankets and figured i could tough out the night. The next day i wake up, and same schedule, they are just arriving as i am leaving for work. However, this time when im at work my group text is getting some messages from my neighbors asking when the heat will be back (my other 3 neighbors all have small children varying in ages.) My landlords only reply is that they will be back that day and that in the end we will be saving money on our future heat bills. Also asks to be informed when they are done for the day. When i get home from work i start getting curious so i go to my apartment and it is (obviously) even colder than the day before, the floor is literally cold to the touch. So i go down and ask the worker directly when my heat will be back, and am informed (after trying to dance around answering) that mine is last to do of the four and that it wouldnt be done that day. Being furious at this point i decide to go to my parents and grab some space heaters and put in the group text that i was just informed we will not be getting heat for at least the next day or two (the next day was thanksgiving) and the landlord became angry i called him out on the group text and started saying he was told my apartment is 71 degrees and that he sets his at 66 degrees and that it is fine. Essentially insinuating that im lying or should toughen up becuase its warm enough. I reply that that i have no idea where he got that number as no one had been in my aprtment and my thermostat is usually set at 71 so there is no way (being how cold it feels) that it is the normal temp i am used to. I also mention that there are children in the building and he cant just not tell anyone hes turning heat off and then not provide heat for days in winter. He then becomes very aggressive in his replies saying things like (neighbor 1 are you warm enough???? will you survive???) At this point i say that im not trying to be difficult but this situation just isnt right. He then decides to send the furnace workers to go bring the apartments without heat (they had 2 apartments hooked up before the end of wed night) some (cheap) space heaters from Menards. All of my neighbors basically say they are fine now and feeling very dumb and defeated at this point i just say sorry for complaining. I also send the landlord a normal non group text saying that i am sorry for calling him out on group text but that i was just cold and wishing we had an oppurtunity to at least prepare for not having heat. No reply. Again this is all wednesday night. Side note i also found out that everything in my apartment is essentially on one breaker because if two heaters are plugged in with more than one lamp on in the house it pops. Fast forward to last night (friday) they arrive at their normal 11ish start and work for most of the day but this time they leave early- around 7pm- so i check and of course my heat is not on. I go down and check why they would leave early (they had been working until 10-11pm other nights) and see that they had installed my 3 neighbors furnace but not mine. Today i wake up in hopes that they will finally hammer this last bit out and (im sure youve guessed because im posting here) of course they are not working today. I sent another text to my landlord simply asking if they are working at all on the weekend and if they arent then that would mean i would be going an entire week without heat. I have yet to receive a reply and assume i am not going to. Do i have any legal standing to mend this situation? Does anyone have any advice? I saw online from researching that it seems the best i can do is break my lease early. But since he is no longer going to be the landlord, and i love my apartment that i would prefer not to have to do that. Its pretty obvious that he was told by whoever he is selling to that to make the sale he needed to replace the hvac completely (the ac's are disconnected and pulled away from the building as well) so he expedited the replacement to the point he didnt inform anyone. Also its obvious to me that he is not going to respond to my question from this morning because 1. he doesnt care, hes selling the building. 2. Everyone else in the building has heat so i have no one to group against him with. 3. He thinks of it as some kind of punishment for daring to question him. Sorry for such a long wall of text! tl;dr : My landlord didnt inform anyone he is replacing the furnaces and that it would be a multiple day repair when the temperatures outside are around 10-20 degrees farenheit. My neighbors have heat but we are now on day 5 of no heat. He believes i should stop complaining because he provided space heaters. The only issue with that is we pay on the 1st for the month. So ive already given my November rent, and beginning December 1st the new landlord will receive the rent. You might be able to hire somebody to do the repair yourself and then deduct it from the rent. I believe Minnesota allows this. Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.