 Not sure if this is the best place to post this, if there’s a better sub point me in the right direction. Throwaway for obvious reasons. Will delete thread after as I don’t want this on the front page; news travels far and I don’t want this individual forewarned. Keeping some elements of this intentionally vague for the same reason. Some years ago a colleague of mine (Person X) was caught using a work computer to arrange to meet a parent of 4 children. I won’t go into detail (I’ve spent a lot of time trying not to think about it) but assume the worst. The language both parties used couldn’t be interpreted in any way. Evidence was passed to the police and they were arrested, however they didn’t press charges (they were trying to link X to a larger group of individuals) and X fled the country. I retained the proof in the form of video and screenshots of their discussion as well as browser histrory. I believe I still have the police statement I gave as well. I do not have access to the computer anymore but I was informed by the police that more serious materials were found on it. X dropped off the radar but recently I’ve found out they’ve resurfaced in the US. The crimes were not committed in the US and I don’t think would be considered serious enough to warrant international agency intervention. What is the best course of action? I don’t want to stand idle and lose another opportunity to stop this individual from harming others.  He was released without pressing charges. He didn't "flee" his country. Did you read the post? If anything, it seems OP is harassing the person in question. There's no legal move to be made against the accused, as he was never charged with a crime.   A former colleague fled my country One has to be actively charged with a crime to 'flee'. You make a lot of assumptions ... I agree with contacting them. Even if the police in your country don't want to extradite him, by contacting the US marshals, they will now have him on their radar. And, since he probably lied to come into the US (as in saying he's not a criminal, and not under any criminal indictment), ICE might be a possibility as well — because they can simply deport him back to your country and your country's police can meet him at the airport. I believe the US Marshals service is responsible for any international fugitives and would welcome your contact. Good luck.  Contact the police only. Contacting their employer would then rope you into potential liability. You can contact the police where the crime took place and notify them that this person is now in the US. Let them take it from there.  Only my local police know about the crime, and they’re not active on it. They also don’t know he’s resurfaced. I don’t intend to be a crimefighter! But is it not worth a tip off to his local police/employer etc?  The police are aware of the crime. So, all you can do is tell them that you know where he is if they want him. The police already know about it. You're not Batman. If you believe he has committed any new crimes you can inform then.