 Hi Guys, I don't know how relevant this is here but here goes. I have a UK student loan, according to that loan you pay back 9% of everything you earn over 18000 GBP. I went backpacking short term that turned into long term, now i'm abroad and earning over that amount, totally forgot about mt Student Loan and then i got an email about 2.5 years later asking me to update my address, they were claiming they were sending stuff to my old old uni address, i go on the site and see that the address is correct (my mum's address). Then i think that maybe they just baited me into logging on to track my IP address to a foreign country. I figured that this was just me being paranoid but this morning, about 2 months later, i get an email saying they are still getting my address wrong and that mail keeps bouncing off the address, the wrong address. They also say that my account was accessed from New Zealand, and so i need to fill in an overseas form so they can start charging me. I have 72 hours to respond. I'm not trying to shirk my obligations, i genuinely forgot, but the main thing is that they seem to charge significantly more when abroad. So normally if i earn 20 thousand pounds, i'd pay 9% of 2 grand. Now i am overseas they are requesting a flat payment of 250 pounds a month which i just don't think i can actually afford considering i am barely over the threshold and it's a very expensive country. I'm asking what my best options are, these are my ideas. 1. Totally ignore it 2. use someone in UK or a proxy to log on and update my address and claim in live in the UK 3. just pay it back and get over it What's the likelihood they will follow it up if i claim to be in the UK unemployed? Does anyone have any experience with SLC UK in regards to the above. Everyone i know had no problem with them at all with going abroad for a few years after uni. I just need until March when i'm leaving this job anyway, any help or similar experience to the above would be greatly appreciated, i don't think i could afford to live here if i'm losing a third of may pay every month.  Hey thanks for that, i'll do that Try /r/legaladviceuk 