 Back in June of 2016, I got into this minor car accident. It was at a stoplight and we were in the left turn lane. The car in front of me (the guy trying to sue me now) started to move forward, so I did too, but then he slammed his brakes in the middle of the intersection as we were turning and I bumped into him. After I had given him my insurance information and phone number, he texted me asking for $200 and said if I gave him the money, he wouldn't file a claim. At this point he already had all of my insurance information, so I just left it up to them, as I was skeptical he was going to fie anyways even with the money. My insurance settled for around $1000. I understand I was at fault for not leaving enough room in front. However, it was literally only a scuff on his bumper, not even a dent, so I was baffled at how much they were giving him. Last night, almost 2 and a half years later, he texts me saying he wants to serve me papers. I haven't replied to his text yet, as I want to contact the auto insurance company I had before first, to see if he can even do this. Meanwhile I wanted to see what you guys advise. It seems to me like he's just trying to scam people out of money. I read up a little on car accident law suits and it said they need to have a good proof of reason for suing more than a year later. How worried should I be over this?  Confirm with your insurance that they settled all claims, vehicle AND bodily injury. He might have settled the property portion(damage to the bumper) but not personal injury.   $1000. Most likely they got him to sign a release, which would bar him from suing you for anything more. About a 1. I'd just ignore him. If you actually do receive legal papers, notify your insurer (that you had at the time of the crash) immediately. Have no obligation. I think you a word. Ok thank you. I was wondering why I didn't just get documents in the mail or something. I'm going to find the number when I get home from work. I would first contact your insurance company and explain the situation. They will handle it. That's what you paid them for. Continue to ignore the guys texts. If you do get served, contact the insurance company and make sure you respond. You should also check what the statute of limitations is in your state though your insurance will handle all of this.  $1000. If he agreed to a settlement, he shouldn't be able to sue you. Typically, settlements have clauses in them that take away the right to sue in the future. Contact your insurance from that time and get any paperwork associated with the case. It's most likely that this guy is blowing hot air and hoping you'll just throw money at him. Ignore him, but if you actually do get served, don't ignore that.  You have obligation to respond to his texts at all and I wouldn't. He already settled with your insurance company. Just block him. If you actually do get served notify your insurance company because he probably agreed not to sue you in exchange for what he was already paid.  Contact your insurance company and don’t have anxiety about it. Don’t have any contact with him. 