 Hey everybody! First I like to apologize for the long text and for most likely wrong sub. Any and all help would be appreciated and sorry if I don’t format the right way when it comes to making a post. Backstory: me and my friend have been living in these apartments for about a 1 1/2 years, it’s nothin special it’s actually somewhat rundown but it provided a roof over my head and it was my first apartment from leaving my parents house to try to adult. Our lease ran out and we are on a month to month lease and we’re deciding to leave this crap hole and do our own thing. I found a second place that I really like so I put in my application in and got accepted and will be moving into it shortly (12/7/18). I told my current apartment manager (James) that this month we would like to be fully out of here by the 12/9 and we would like to pay just for the days we’re here and he said no and that we would have to pay in full for the month. When me and my friend first moved in it was the middle of the month and we was prorated for the days that we stayed so I assumed when we left it would be the same. So my question is am I screwed over paying for 2 apartments this month or is (James-slumlord apartment manager) just tryna screw me? Do I have any options? Extra lil stuff to add: our washer machine just broke the day so does that help with not having to pay until it is fixed? Like I said any kind of help would be very much appreciated, thanks again everybody!  Or, you know, I'm giving the legal response Lol you must be related to him 31 days isn’t a few days but thanks anyways  You're leaving in a few days, you do nothing except tell them about the issue.  And, it's likely the notice extends through the next rental period, so the end of January. Be happy he's only charging you for December. Since you had no right to be there before the lease started, the month had to be prorated.  Thanks for the help  Gotcha thanks. What should I do about the washer machine? Just asking because there’s drawers and cupboards that we’ve asked to be fix since the day we moved in and the manager has yet to stop by and fix them.  Gotcha, I thought since it would be month to month and since we moved into the middle of the month it was the same concept. Thanks for the help  Usually, you need to give 30 days notice. So in most cases, you would be liable for December AND January rent if you gave notice right now. Giving your landlord advance notice (commonly 30 days/1 month) that you're vacating is required by law in most states, and if advance notice to vacate is spelled out in your expired lease, then that is the amount of notice you're required to give your landlord and that you're on the hook for. The washing machine is a separate issue and likely does not release you of your legal obligation to provide your landlord notice that you're vacating. In most jurisdictions, the tenant is required to provide as much notice (usually 30 days) as the landlord to terminate a month to month tenancy. It does not sound like you gave proper notice, but your location is undisclosed. you have to pay for the full month