 Hi Reddit, so my sister is a reasonably popular streamer and there's this dude who's pretty much out to ruin her. The basic issue is that my family's last name is really uncommon, so there's pretty much only one of us out there. This means that my sister went to great lengths to make sure that her real name never gets out in public, because she doesn't want to get doxxed. But this guy (now referred to as 'Matt') knew her from before and now wants "revenge" on her, so he's posting a bunch of shit on social media that's tagging her screen name and her real name. The story of why he wants revenge is pretty stupid. Like 3 years ago, she and Matt were at a concert together because they were good friends at the time. Matt definitely had a crush on her back then, and she was kinda into him. But she had a boyfriend at the time so she wasn't about to act on anything. Toward the end of the concert they were chilling off to the side on like a grassy area, just chatting. They were both kinda drunk and then the guy pushed her down and started making out with her. It wasn't mutual. It didn't go on long before my sister's friends came up and started screaming at Matt. So they stopped and that was the end of it. They stopped talking after that and the guy went full incel after that. But now, he's been posting about this incident and painting the picture that she was the one who forced herself on him. The fucked up part is that the incident was really upsetting to my sister and she just wanted to move on with her life and forget about it. And the whole time after that, he was posting stuff about like "oh this was the best night of my life" and "it happened because we were in love." But now this asshole is trying to make it sound like she was a mastermind trying to lower his defences and rape him. Honestly, it's a pretty hard-to-believe story if you actually read it (which I can't post because that would reveal identities), so our concern isn't that she will be painted as a sexual harasser. What worries us is that her real name will get out, opening the door to much worse doxxing. Is there anything we can do to get him to stop posting about this? We've tried to report the posts, but everywhere says he's not in violation of any rules. Good to know she is being responsible. I hope you can resolve the situation with this guy.  I saw that, but she files quarterly and has a good tax guy so we're good there. But thanks for the heads up! this is probably what we're going to try, if he doesn't stop. Doing a name change and stuff just seems...hard lol Your sister should make sure she is filing her taxes correctly. There has been a recent trend of reporting streamers to the IRS, if this happens, and she has substantial unreported income from her streams, this could lead to trouble.  I have an honest question and maybe it may work. Would hiring a lawyer to write a "quit your bullshit" letter to him work? I don't think there is anything illegal in trying this tactic to try and scare him with a cease and desist. If I am wrong or not thinking of something, please correct me. Stalking is illegal, doxxing is not. She needs to make all new accounts and block as many of his accounts she knows about.  she could pre-emptively change her legal name due to harrassment. If she changes her name before getting doxxed It should be harder for other potential stalkers to catch onto her trail, as the info this guy gives out will be incorrect. If he's already doxxed her it won't be as effective, because a competent stalker could follow the names more easily. A legal action would be to call the non-emergency police line and try to convince them to talk to the guy as he is harassing your sister, no legal action will come out of it, but their visit might be enough to scare the guy.  Name and address are publicly available information. There's no law against publishing that information in public. If she's a well known streamer and making herself a public figure, she should expect that her real name will eventually be made public. The top streamers are all known by real names. Malicious intent is not an element of the crime of stalking in California. A course of conduct including harassment to the point where the person fears for her safety, however, is. I get that you’re locked in to your position here, and don’t have any real-world experience with prosecution if stalking or support for victims of stalking, and I’ve explained it as much as I care to, so I’m out. Really? Do you have a citation showing that revealing someone’s basic directory information constitutes stalking in the state of California? How do you plan on proving malicious intent? Because “he doesn’t like her” is unlikely to be that.  Found the stalker. Seriously, though - you’re being reductionist (even though you’re obviously an elite hacker with that syntax). The conduct he describes (taken in totality, and not cherry-picked for know-it-all posting) constitutes stalking in many jurisdictions Revealing directory information != stalking.  She should probably create new profiles with an alias that she wants any real friends or family connected to. Block him from all of it. Give those a while to get set up. Don’t add any folks that might give up her new, personal profiles to that guy. Then go through and delete or alter the old ones he knows about. At the least so he isn’t directing people to active accounts. Majority people are lazy and with nothing to really see, won’t follow him for much. Unfortunately he’s allowed to reveal her real name. Whatever good advice you get from here, I’d also suggest start taking lengths to remove her public information from as many public documents as possible to try to hide your home addresses. ALL OF YOU. Pay a service to do it if needed. Consider these resources so at least it’s less encouraging to randoms showing up at your homes. If your home addresses and phone numbers can’t be found in public listings, then may have a case to punish him if he starts posting that stuff.  Revealing someone’s name, or even phone number or address, is not illegal.  Revealing her name isn’t illegal.  Not a lawyer, but many states have protection from harassment orders and fairly open anti-stalking laws. It can be difficult for a public figure of any stature to get protections sometimes but where this started with an unwelcome sexual advance that has resulted in stalking and the offender knows the victim in real life, this is not just some internet troll situation. See about the civil (protection order) and criminal (stalking, harassment) laws in your jurisdiction, and don’t pussy-foot around: stalking often escalates if not met with very clear disincentives.