 Long time lurker, first time poster. I'll be brief but could definitely use some advice. Today I received a phone call from an anonymous number. I didn't answer the first time, because I didn't know it. I received a call from a different number later today and happened to answer. There was a woman on the phone who I could barely hear - very thick accent - essentially telling me I'm being charged with felony tax evasion and that I face up to five years in prison and a $100,000 fine. Trying not to panic as I write this. This is the first I've heard anything like this. I do not do my own taxes (I fill out T4's for work, as a student I hop around jobs a lot) and my taxes are typically done by my father, as I'm a dependent. Apparently, I have a claim of $1900 that I haven't paid. I'm certain I know what it is for: two years ago, I lived in a co-op housing service for the school year. My dad handles my finaces and he organized and communicated with them. There was a debacle at the end when they claimed I hadn't paid half my rent - around the same figure the lady on the phone just quoted me. My dad said he'd handle it and I never heard anything again, so I figured it was sorted. If I had to guess, my dad never paid and they took it to small claims court. I don't know how this constitutes tax evasion - there's SO much I don't know, and the lady on the phone is being less than forecoming. I was told not to ask questions and say I understood the affidavit, and that I had to appear in court. I don't have a lawyer. I am not in contact with my family for personal reasons and I'm just trying to get through my last year at school. I know nothing about law, less about taxes, and even less about whatever just happened today. I tried to find out more information, but was told she couldn't give me any. How serious is this? What do I do? I live in Ontario.  Just so you know, people are not charged with a crime over the phone in Canada. Either a police officer serves a summons on you or a police officer arrests you. Also it's very rare for CRA to actually have someone charged with tax evasion. Generally even if they think you lied on your taxes, they just reassess you and charge you a financial penalty on your tax bill.  This is a scam. CRA would not call you about this. They'd send many many letters first. Further, you can't be charged with "felony tax evasion ". There is no such thing as a felony in Canada Unpaid rent to a co-op would not be collected through the CRA. Just sub-human scum trying to scam you. If you don't recognize the number don't pick up. If they need to contact you they will leave a message with proper callback info.  Scam, CRA will never call, they want you to call them  Scam scam scam It's a scam. Ignore it. The CRA won't call you.