 I am a guy in my mid-20s working in a metropolitan (in a third world country with a corrupt local law enforcement). I was dating a girl for the past 6 months and had a bad breakup yesterday. Some time ago my mother found out about us, things had been very patchy right since then. My family was not willing and I saw some obvious red flags so I started distancing myself and tried to break-up with her multiple times before. She would always ask me to not quit and work on our relationship but I eventually got tired. Last night she dropped at my place unannounced (at around 10:30 pm) and talked to my family. She was still there till I returned at around midnight when I told her that I do not have any feelings for her and I think we should end the relationship completely as I didn't want to work on it anymore. At this point she got angry and threatened me saying that she will "see me" and it will be better for me if I left the city in front of my father. (said not once but twice, unfortunately I couldn't record it) To give a bit of background about her, her father is a federal agent at our country's Dept. of Homeland Security equivalent (although deployed in a different state than where I live) and I am really scared that he can make life hell for me if need be. She tried to contact me today by calling on my cell (3-4 times in total) and messaging me multiple times asking me to talk to her because she was not feeling well and wanted to talk just once, when I didn't pick up she asked one of her guy friends to call and talk to me. Just now she send a pic of me naked, clicked when I was not looking. This was sent over both Whatsapp and Messenger and had no other message written with it. I did not know she had clicked it and at no point had given consent to this. Please let me know what I should do? tl;dr: Broke up with girlfriend yesterday, she threatened me saying that I should change town otherwise she would "see me" and send me a compromising pic of myself (on whatsapp and messenger). What should I do? But I still don't understand. So what if you are naked? Will people in your culture shame you for actually being naked? Are you supposed to have clothes on at all times? Would you be embarrassed about the size of your junk? Who cares if someone sees something? If your face is not visible, how will anyone know it is You? Anyway, it is unclear who she is going to send this blackmail to...your wife? Your father? While my face is not clearly visible (its turned sideways) my privates are. She has not blackmailed me yet but she has this and I want to know what I should do in case she decides to blackmail me How can she blackmail you with a naked photo? Is there more to it than just naked?  Just added country in the edit. Added country in the edit. No one can help you if we don't know where you're located