 On a mobile typing this up sorry for the formatting. Sorry if this is posted to the wrong community I'm new here please be patient. Tl;dr: Long story short the title says it all but here goes nothing. For a little background before this happened my BF who is an incredible friendly and nice guy got this job working for a non profit company in our downtown city somewhere in North Carolina. He was hired in July 2017 by the former CFO who he and everyone else (12 people) has a great working relationship with. Well that CFO retired and a new one came on in January 2018. Well this new CFO decides he wants to make his mark on the company and decides to restructure the dozen employees by demoting some of the directors down to managers and putting them under the remaining directors. This officially happens on June 30th cause my BF found out about his demotion via text during my brother's out of state wedding so he wasn't even in the office when this occurred. He still retained his salary but he was now a manager and not a director anymore. My BF has never had any problems with anyone at the company, everyone loves him and he takes great pride in his work so job performance was not a factor in this decision. He gets placed under a remaining director, a woman (K) who has no business being a manager. I've met her, she is not a people person. Actually all 3 of the remaining directors are not people persons. It was poor judgement all around. Well my BF accepts his fate because his salary is still there but starts putting out feelers including contacting the old CFO who is flabbergasted at the unnecessary restructuring. He is now on a team of 3: him, another former director (C), and a part time worker (L). The two woman C L make up the events team and my BF still runs the social media and communications portion. On July 31st all demoted employees had to sign a paper saying that their former title and job descriptions we're no longer applicable after July 31st but never received a new job description after asking for one and where they stand currently. Fast forward to the beginning of November 2018 just in time for the holidays. Two of his teammates C and L who are also well liked in the city and have never had any job performance problems get a Layoff notice on Monday morning with C leaving at the end of the week and L able to stay on til the end of December since she is part time. No announcement was made and both of them had to attend the weekly Monday meeting and sit there like nothing was wrong as the CFO and now soon to be former boss K just go through the motions like nothing is amiss. Come to also find out that C is supposed to have an exit interview with the CFO but low and behold all 3 of the remaining directors and the CFO are leaving on that Tuesday for an out of state meeting and won't be back until next week like the convenient cowards that they are. So my BF being a former director himself ends up taking on the responsibilities of their boss K taking both C L out separately for lunch and asking them how they are doing and if they will be ok and what exactly happened. C let my BF know that the CFO said he wanted to get rid of the events Dept aka C L so their positions are no longer needed. This did not sit well with the city who was currently doing events related business with this company already and really like C since she was the face of the business for years. Also here's the best part after they let C go they reposted her position last week same title same description... So much for getting rid of the events Dept... I know super shady. I swear this is a prominent non profit company. Now fast forward to the end of November 2018 and Thanksgiving where my BF had approved vacation time off by his boss K to travel home to CT and see his dying aunt on her last Thanksgiving ever due to terminal brain cancer. Their was no agreement in writing or verbally with K that work of any kind would be performed while on vacation so my BF enjoyed spending precious moments with his family that he hasn't seen in a year because he takes no time off except for the wedding earlier this year. (when he found out about his demotion via text message.) He gets back from his vacation and then get called into a meeting and HR is there and is handed a written warning (his first ever at this job and in his life) detailing how he was supposed to be posting about small business Saturday on social media which K could have done (it's not exclusive access) and other minor things that were never mentioned before but he should be aware of including... I shit you not a missed typo on a paper that hadn't even gone out yet because it was still being reviewed... Let me just remind you that he never received an updated job description and responsibilities after asking for it after his demotion back in the summer. He remained calm and explained his side of the story and even told her that she makes him feel uncomfortable sometimes (which she did not take as constructive criticism but as an attack on her personally but either way I'm proud of him for stating that and standing up for himself) Now after this meeting with K that happened a week ago she is now doubling down on any little thing that he may have done wrong and is coming at him hard. He even went to HR about it afterwards and then she confronted him about it and why he didn't tell her, which he told her that he doesn't have to tell her about his HR meetings about her. She didn't like that. So now here we are with my sweet marshmallow soul BF having anxiety and panic attacks about work (never had them before) worrying about the tiniest things his boss K is going to come after him next for. Literally he is living and working in fear of her. He has had to go see a therapist and now a psychiatrist for medication as a result of this unnecessary stress and drama. So Reddit I guess my question is does he have any recourse here to protect his mental well being and job or should he keep looking for a new job and take the abuse until they let him go too? We've come to the conclusion/conspiracy that K wants to get rid of the people under her that defy or question her by making her current team seem incompetent when they are far from it. All so she can make up a new team of highly underpaid grads students/unpaid interns that don't know any better. Also fun fact his boss K was supposed to be at the tree lighting event (scheduled by the CFO) but blew it off and didn't show so my BF had to run the whole thing by himself but she made sure to micromanage him via texts that night.... He has a master's degree in communication and a bachelor's in computer science. He does not want to do social media anymore. He's looking into User Engagement jobs because that interests him and makes him happy and that's all I want for him. Nearly everything in your post is irrelevant backstory and it's not at all clear what your question is. Nothing illegal is happening. He can look for a new job if he's so unhappy.