 There was a heavy rainfall and the roof drain leaked into the apartment above mine. His kitchen ceiling collapsed and the water leaked into my apartment. The ceiling in my hallway collapsed (only a small part) and there was a crack above my bed. The water leaked through and stained my mattress and onto my laptop which was on my bed. I was not home at the time and when I arrived I saw this, immediately took pictures and texted my landlord. They told me they heard the apartment above mine had leaked and would check it in the morning. My laptop had to be repaired for $1,200 of liquid damage and I had to get a new mattress for around $300. The owner (not the landlord) wrote back that they are not responsible for my personal belongings when I asked for reimbursement. They were prompt in repairing the leak which is nice but I feel like they should be responsible for the damage to my belongings and unfortunately I don’t have renters insurance. Any advice or insight would be appreciated Not necessarily. It would really have to meet a high standard of gross negligence and I don’t see that here, honestly. Hmm but would it be negligence if they didn’t check the roof drain which is what was leaking? Also my landlord did not let me know the apartment above mine was flooding and I had to find out myself. If she had let me know after she found out I may have had time to move my laptop before the irreparable damage was done. Thanks for your response INAL. The landlord, unfortunately for you, is right. He or she is responsible for the damage to the building, not your belongings. Unless there was negligence somehow, like them not repairing an open crack for months, they're not on the hook. Renters insurance is, on average, $17 a month and covers you in these type of events and other acts of god such as fires, floods, etc.  They generally aren't. Your solution to that would be legislative in changing the law to create that liability for them. It would no doubt come with an increase in rent - perhaps somewhat larger than the cost of buying your own renter's insurance policy.