 My employer, a nationwide corporate entity (retail/grocery) told me that they would not be giving me overtime pay. They cited that; A) they are paying me 2 hours holiday pay, which is still time and a half, so they do not have to pay my overtime which is 6 hours. (2 of those hours were the holiday pay, so 4 hours overtime) B) they do not pay overtime until after 46 hours, which is a Kansas labor law. Does the federal law, since I do not fit their exemptions to fall under state law, not supercede? I am confused about how it is possible to not follow the federal law. I would like to note, I am a normal full time non-seasonal employee. Not a manager or anything, just regular wage worker. I'll try to answer any details I have missed, so ask away. So my question is how is it possible for my work to not pay me the federally mandatory overtime and can someone explain what I do not understand? Otherwise if I was generally correct what should be my next step? Your employer is wrong. They only have to pay an overtime rate of 1.5x your \base\ pay rate (not your average pay rate), but that is the only way that holiday pay comes into play here. They still have to pay OT once you get to 40 hrs in the work week. The only other thing worth mentioning is that it has to be more than 40 hrs in a \work week\, not a calendar week. So if the work week starts on Sunday and ends on Saturday, then you have to accumulate more than 40 hours during that time span. So lets say that your work week is Sun through Sat and you work shifts of twelve hours each on Thurs, Fri, Sat, Sun, Mon, and Tues. That is only 36 hrs per work week for two work weeks, not a total of 72 hrs during a single week, even though you technically worked all of those hours within one seven-day period. You would not qualify for OT in this situation. Another note -- the work week has to be consistent -- they can't decide that it starts on Sunday one week but then starts on Tuesday some other week. Holiday pay is separate from regular and overtime. So if you worked 8 hours of holiday pay. Regular would still be 46. Yes, I understand that. I was asking how it is possible to work a total of 46 hours and not get overtime? My employer is saying because that I have worked two hours of holiday pay, that they don't have to pay me overtime until AFTER 48 hours of work. My understanding was that I fell under federal worker regulation and not the state labor laws, which says I get overtime after 40 hours. You have to physically work over 40 hours to get overtime. If you work 4 days for 32 hours, 1 day of 8 hours holiday, you would still need to work 8 hours before OT would take effect.  46 hours:46 for this week. 1:58 of that is holiday pay. I asked two different managers and they both said the same thing. That I can't get overtime until after working 48 hours because of how the holiday pay works alongside overtime.  Kansas law on overtime only applies if your employer isn't covered under the federal FLSA law, which they absolutely are. If the chain is engaged in interstate commerce and/or grosses more than $500,000 a year, which they absolutely do if they're a chain of grocery stores, then you're covered by federal law. ETA: If you want to file a complaint:  A: That's nice B: Federal labor law overrides anything that KS does. If the store is covered by the FLSA (500k or more in sales/participates in interstate commerce. Virtually all businesses fall under this) they are bound by federal labor law. If you are not paid for time you have worked you can file a wage claim with the state. Kansas' wage claim form and information can be found [here](). How many hours did you work per week for the pay period in question?