 I live in Newfoundland with my 17 year old son. My daughter is 28 and has two kids in Arizona 8F and 3. I don't know the LOs gender because she has never let me see him or her. She got kicked out the day she turned 19 after a series of incidents including running away from home, drugs, and illegal activity after multiple warnings. She beat up and stole from her little brother. She had a girlfriend to be rebellious and they got caught having sex in public. She got on my computer after we got a puppy and searched things like, "How to train a dog to have sex with humans." She is messed up in so many ways but refused to admit any wrongdoing or get mental treatment. I know for a fact that my grandkids are in an environment with drug abuse (her bf was jailed for selling meth) and possibly lesbian sex and bestiality. She is an illegal immigrant in the USA. It is not legal for her to be there all year, yet she's stayed for 9 years without returning to Canada. If she gets caught for her other crimes and deported, my grandkids will go to live with their methhead dad or wind up in Trump's orphan camps. I've called child services on them several times but they have done nothing about it. "We'll investigate." But they never do. Can I pick them up and take them home? I'm not getting into a political arguement with you here and I'm reporting you to the moderators.  It's certainly not the way it works. Like do you literally believe that just because these kids mom's may or may not be reported to ice the grandma can just go get custody? When there's another parent involved? When the grandparents have no relationship with the kids? When the grandparents live in another fucking country? You gave shit advice.  I never advocated kidnapping. Reporting illegal immigrants to ICE is legal. Everything I suggested is legal.  That is so laughable. You do not need to participate in this sub if you're going to encourage kidnapping, malicious ice reporting, and then tell vindictive OPs they have a shot at custody when they don't. The children's father is involved and at least the younger one is an American citizen. The fact that you think an international, contested custody case wherein the grandparents have NO standing and have never met the children would be as simple as "going and getting" custody, you have no business giving anyone advice of any kind.  1. The daughter is incarcerated, the grandparents offer to take care of the grandkids, logical placement. 2. The daughter and grandkids are deported to Canada, grandparents can then sue in the Canadian legal system for visitation.  This is bad, silly advice. Why do you believe she can just sache in and "claim" custody of children in another country that she's never met?  Report your daughter to ICE, claim custody of your grandkids.  To claim grandparents' rights, you have to already have a relationship with the children. If you want to see them, this is more of a relationship advice question because it's up to your daughter. If she's doing something illegal, CPS won't give the kids to their dad if he's also a drug abuser. But they also won't default to giving them to you all the way in NL when you haven't met them. Her lesbianism will not factor into this, and if you bring that up as an argument in any court in the US or Canada, you can kiss ever seeing those kids goodbye. You seem to have no idea what in the fuck is going on with US politics, I encourage you to stop talking about that otherwise you will appear unintelligent and uneducated. Given what you've said here, you really have no standing. But if you want to try, you can talk to family attorneys where you live and where the children live. 