 I’m new to this subreddit, read the rules, and searched for similar threads. I wasn’t able to find an answer for my region. Here’s some additional info: - The problem I’ve described could would normally cost me about $600 a year (auger services are about $300 a pop here normally and this happens twice a year). We have a special service plan that thankfully covers this, so we pay $5/mo instead. - To replace the main drain entirely would cost us about $20,000 based on a quote received some years back. - The owners expressed some years ago that they don’t intend to resolve this on their own. - We know it’s the roots because the people that come out to auger the drain pull out tons of roots every time and said this issue is common. I hope that info helps. Let me know if more is needed and thank you in advance. I do this like twice a year. After that, you can see about getting the "trenchless epoxy" lining installed. Basically its a new lining on the inside of your existing pipes. No need to dig, they just do it from one end. Here's the best part, since there will be no cracks or anything, there's nothing for the roots to get into. Its called copper sulfate. My dad uses it to kill the roots that get into our system. That’s helpful!! I’ll look into that. I’ll have to look into it’s exact age, but I think probably close to 40 years. I’ll look into that thank you! I get what you’re saying, but I don’t entirely agree. We’ve owned the house for about 10 years now, and granted the drain is a bit old. However it wouldn’t need replacing nearly this soon were it not for that tree. And each time someone comes and augers the clog they’ve told us every time that there are tree roots directly causing the issue. This tree is massive and very old. Overall your drain is failing if you keep getting roots in it. You need to replace it at your own expense regardless of the neighbors tree. You could look into relining to minimize root penetration as a cheaper option. If your pipes weren't leaking the tree's roots wouldn't be growing into them. IANAL but you can "self-help" and trim the branches and roots on your side of the property line. I don't think you can compel your neighbor to pay for it. You will need an arborist, because if you kill the tree or otherwise do something bad to it that makes it a fall risk, or diseased, or whatnot, that could make you liable. You may have relief under Minnesota's nuisance statute § 561.01, but I don't know enough to comment more intelligently. [This (Holmberg v. Bergin, 285 Minn. 250, 172 N.W.2d 739 (1969). ) seems to be the minnesota tree law case that people keep referring to]()