 In Northern California (Sacramento) I need legal direction on how to sue a bank for racial discrimination. Yes. Right after I posted that comment and left the page I realized I should have added that. Well, assuming he has evidence that he was treated differently as a result of his race.  I see. In that case he would be able to take legal action.  Yeah, businesses can't discriminate against protected classes. That means restaurants must serve people of all races, religions etc, stores must sell their wares to all races religions etc., and banks must not charge members of one race or religion more for a product, than they charge members of another race or religion. Okay would you mind explaining it to me then? You don't understand anything about this correctly.  If I understand correctly that act only refers to discrimination in the context of employment opportunities. I don't think it applies to personal discrimination of people and when you are running a business I think you are allowed to discriminate your customers. It is sad that people actually use this loophole. This is almost painfully untrue. I suggest you peruse the Federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, before offering an opinion on this again. Also what do you mean by a no-no. Is it a legal nono or a professional no-no? Racial discrimination is a violation of your civil rights, so a "civil rights" attorney may be your best, first stop. You can search the internet, the phone book, get references from other attorneys, references from friends/family, and/or look on your state's bar association website to get a start on locating and consulting with one. I am not a lawyer. used when you're not qualified, but still want to try to contribute What is ianal?  Okay. Do you have any evidence that it's racial discrimination? Understood but I’m unaware as to what type of law office handles these claims. For starts..The bank offered a loan with a high interest rate when I qualify for a lower rate. I have over a 700 credit and 6 figures in my account.  Get a lawyer. Free consultations are a thing to determine if you have a case IANAL racial discrimination for most bank services is a nono. How did they discriminate? What do you want as compensation? Also I am not sure that you can sue them for that. Technically if you own a business you can refuse service to anyone for any reason you see fit.