 TL;DR - My four month old son’s deadbeat father (has never been involved) told me out of nowhere that he is taking our son on Monday or he is calling the police on me. He knows nothing about our son, and has never had him alone before, and I’m concerned for my son’s well being. I don’t know what to do. Is he even able to do this? We don’t have any legal custody or visitation agreements set in place. My son is only four months old. His father has never been involved and more or less abandoned me during my pregnancy and that was that. He HAS seen our son a handful of times but has never taken him alone. He’s come to my house or I’ve gone over to his house with the baby. He is the stereotypical deadbeat. Sits around making excuses and making things up, lying about me “keeping his son from him” but never making a single effort to see him. I stopped going out of MY way to try to make plans for visits because every time I did, he would agree to meet up somewhere or come over, etc. but always ends up ditching us (never showing up and ignoring my calls/texts). Yes, babies all have the same basic needs, but our son is definitely a fussier baby that benefits from certain activities and routines or he becomes really upset and sometimes inconsolable. He doesn’t have any major health issues but does have special dietary needs. I’ve tried discussing all of this with his father previously but I get cut off and dismissed and he kept telling me I’m overthinking everything. I’m the one taking care of him 100% of the time so I think I would know. We also do not have any legal custody or visitation set in place, but I know it’s getting to the point where I will most likely have to go to court or repeatedly be faced with this behavior from the father. Is he able to just take our son from me like this? It just seems so wrong and doesn’t make sense to me why he is doing this all of a sudden.  This too ^ Is he on the birth certificate? I think he has no rights until a paternity test. If he is I think you have to let him see him, but lawyer up and make very structured plans. It really depends on the state. But, ultimately, birth certificates are not what establishes paternity.  Doesn’t the man have to sign off on the birth certificate? I mean, I can’t just say that Ryan Reynolds is my baby daddy. He’d have to sign off on it.  Regardless of whether or not he's on the birth certificate, he would have to establish paternity. I could put literally any name on a child's birth certificate, but that wouldn't make that person the father. She isn't going to get his parental rights removed. She does need an attorney, though. She should file a paternity action to legally establish him as the father. Child support will be ordered, and a custody order set in place. You've gotten some bad advice on this thread. Family law varies wildly across states, but if he's on the birth certificate, it's possible, depending on your state, that he does have the right to pick up the child from school or whatever because he's a legally acknowledged parent and there's no custody order preventing him from doing so. But as you've seen from the conflicting advice you've gotten here, this rule varies across states. You need to know specifically what the law is in your state, and the best place to get this is a local lawyer. You need to speak to a family lawyer asap and until you do so, do not leave your child anywhere where dad can pick him up, like at school. If he shows up at your house, call the police, then call your lawyer (immediately!) Since there is no custody agreement you have nothing to worry about. Ignore his threats of police getting involved. Keep all doors and windows locked. Call the police for trespassing if he shows up This is not necessary as LE deals with this everyday, the first thing they ask if there is a custody order, if not they stop that parent right there. If they do, then they will tell them to file contempt charges with the court and a Judge will order a Sheriff to retrieve the child(ren) for you. You need to file a custody agreement with the courts, this will also assist with getting child support to help care for the child. If he truly does not want anything to do with the child then this threat typically will get him to back off, and this could potentially buy you piece of mind while you are consulting with an attorney. In addition to refusing visitation, OP should inform her local police station about his threat to take the baby and falsely report a crime. As far as we know he has no legal right to take the child, and if he attempts to break into OP’s home the police should be called immediately. OP, I can’t imagine how stressful this is for you, I also have a four month old and caring for him is stressful enough without everything else on top of that... I hope you’ve documented interactions with him (keep two copies, preferably one digital and on google docs or Dropbox or something). But if you haven’t, start now. New York is a one party recording consent state so go ahead and record all calls and in-person interactions you have with him. If he says anything threatening or harassing, document the date and time on the recording. From experience: Realize that, without established custody (ie: a court order), your ex can do anything and everything YOU can to keep your child. Contact Legal Aid or an attorney and have them assist you in establishing legal custody before he does. Do it before your situation - and his control issues - get worse. THEN try meditation. This will be your ex's opportunity to have his say in matters of custody, visitation and the like. If he refuses or doesn't show up, you pretty much have it your way. Mediation is the polite way of working things out, before your attorney kicks his ass. I'm sorry you have to go though this. I know it's not fun. Good luck! I was making sure they didn't know eachother for years before and maybe they had a terrible break up while she was pregnant and he was a decent guy back then. But yeah, Your right.   't change and be a decent father? If not, then nvm all that. Sending a message out of nowhere making demands suggests he hasn't  Is he listed as the father on the birth certificate?  Not only should you NOT give your son to him since there’s nothing compelling your ex to return him, but you should keep a VERY detailed record of every time you facilitated or tried to facilitate visitation for your ex. If you can go to court and show text messages, call records, etc. it will reflect positively on you and negatively on him.  I am in Calif. So not sure if the laws in Ny,, But you need a TRI ( temporary restraining order) this gives you a chance to get to court, and file for custody and visitation paperwork. Do not delay if he's taking him on Monday you need it TODAY. No custody order, means either parent can take him anywhere! Out of the state, out of the city or out of the Town doesn't matter. I hope and pray that you have saved all your text messages or phone calls from him. That will really really really help in court when you finally get there. Do remember that you chose to sleep with him and make a baby, and now that is his father. Trying to be the "bigger person" really does help in custody battles. Best of luck to you and your child! No you do not have to give your son to him, and it's not in your son's best interest for you to do so. If he calls the police, they will do nothing because you have full rights to your son. Is the father on the birth certificate? If he's not, he would need to go through the courts to establish paternity to even be considered the child's father and have any rights. It would be in your best interest to get visitation / custody established, as well as child support. You will need a lawyer to do so. As for Monday, it may be easiest just not to be home at that time. [removed] Is his name on the birth certificate? If not, it's up to him to do the heavy lifting in court. To play "devils party" however, it has 'only' been 4 months- not even a year. Are you positive he can't change and be a decent father? If not, then nvm all that.  Is he on the birth certificate? In many states, including NY as nearly as I can tell, either parent has equal rights to the child. Meaning he could show up and take your child and leave without it being considered kidnapping, but you could also disappear as well with your child. Note, however, that while this may be legal, it is also frowned on by family courts and police for either parent to restrict access to the child. I would make an effort to set up a regular visitation schedule with him that doesn't mess up babies schedule (say, two hours every Saturday morning between naps or something), keep records of your texts or whatever agreeing to the schedule, then document every time he fails to show. That way, if he does go to court or call the police, you can establish he's the reason for the lack of contact. Is he doing this because you've recently asked for support? If there is no legal custody agreement, you are not required to allow the father to see the child at all. I would highly recommend that you do not allow the father to have the child, because he would not be legally obliged to return him. Refuse visitation, and allow him to take you to court for an actual parenting plan that is enforceable. Let him call the police. Without a court ordered custody agreement they are not taking the child from your custody. Is the father on the birth certificate? If so, you should also get a child support order in place as soon as possible.  It's all about power and control. He's knows the your son is going to be your weakness and will use him to have control over you and your life to extract money or whatever. You need an attorney ASAP to start removing his parental rights. % of the time so I think I would know. You're darn right you do! I’m not sure of any state that would allow that. If he wants custody, he needs to go to court. If he harassed you like that again I would call the cops.