 Currently living in Wyoming but the debt is from while I lived in Oklahoma. Nationwide Credit Incorporated purchased my credit card debt from Chase a few months back. My debt totaled around $7,000 on this particular credit card. I started getting settlement offers from NCI and decided to take up their offer to settle the debt for $1700. Over a recorded line, I agreed to make large payments over several months. The first payment was made during the call, then I provided my bank account information, and they told me that I would be charged automatically on the 15th of every month until the settlement is paid off. The 15th of November passed with no payments taken from my account. I called NCI today and they told me "Your current balance is $6,750 and we have ZERO record of any settlement". I immediately hung up and started calling lawyers but its a small town, and none of the lawyers where I live handle this sort of thing. I went to my bank and paid a fee to put a stop payment on NCI in case they try to just seize my money. What do I do? Wanted to clear up that while your verbal agreement will lead to a “he said-she said” situation, a settlement agreement does not need to be in writing in order to be effective. It doesn’t even have to be recorded. If the right persons enter into a settlement verbally, it’s effective between those parties. Your problem, of course, is proving an agreement was reached. If you can, the fact it wasn’t written down is irrelevant. Good luck.  It depends a company is under no obligation to record their phone calls or have video cameras on their property but generally it protects them more than it hurts them to do so. But again there is a reason a lot of companies loop their recordings every 30 days and delete their older files because it could hurt them if they are subpoenaed to turn over evidence it helps if whoops we destroyed it 10 days ago as per procedure. No company is looking to incriminate or admit liability to something they did, that is on the other party to prove. Anyways I would call whoever holds your debt everyday and ask for a settlement of the debt and make sure they email the document over and make sure you get a email to return it to.  Debt collectors are shady, shady folk, and you can count on them to do the right thing approximately 0% of the time. If your agreement relied on them to keep records and prove its existence, then your agreement was worthless. If you know that already, then what kind of advice are you looking for? Stating the obvious is hardly advice. I am sorry my advice does not meet your expectations. That’s what I think happened, they just “forgot”. I would hope they are required by law to keep evidence, don’t you? This is a national company. It "might" if you go to court and subpoena their records and hope they dont "lose" that recording or say they never had it or their recordings write over themselves every 30 days or such other bullshit. But without a lawyer asking for it during discovery of a filed case they wont hand it over or probably even acknowledge it. Recorded by you? Did you replay it for them? It was made over a recorded line, does that count? It was made over a recorded line. Settlements need to be in writing and signed by both parties. Make a new settlement offer, and this time get it in writing.