 So my grandmother was an Irish citizen, my mom was born in the US, and so was I. I’m looking into claiming citizenship by descent so that I could be a dual citizen, which often people can do if they have a grandparent from that country. However, my birth certificate has my grandma’s name on it. Like it says she’s my mother, and my actual mother’s name is not on it. (My father’s name isn’t on it at all but they divorced when she was preg so idk.) This seems super weird, and I don’t know what fuckery lead to this weirdness on my birth certificate, but will it mess up my chances of getting citizenship by descent? If my grandmother is, for some reason, legally my mother, can/should I claim citizenship as a child of an Irish citizen instead of as a grandchild? Also possibly relevant: My birth certificate might be this way because I was like, adopted by another family and then adopted back by my grandmother? I thought that just meant she was my adopted parent or legal guardian, so idk why it would be on the birth cert. Do I need to have those adoption papers to claim citizenship? (Also relevant: both my mom and my grandma passed away so I can’t just ask them about the weird birth certificate unless I get out the ouija board about it.) (I would appreciate any insight into why my birth certificate is like this. like, it’s weird, right? I don’t understand why my grandma’s name would be on there. I know there was a custody issue during my mom’s divorce, so maybe that played a part in my grandmother adopting me, but then what about the other family that adopted me for my first 30 days? Does the fact that, as a baby, I changed hands like three times change my citizenship by descent claim?  I'm late to this party but I will say that it sounds like your grandmother is on your birth certificate because she legally adopted you and depending on where you are if you are legally adopted you can get a new birth certificate which states the adopted parents as your birth parents. I would apply for Irish citzenship as a child who has an Irish parent. The birth certificate (with your grandmother listed as your mom) would show the link between the two of you and therefore you wouldn't need to show your adoption papers. Legally speaking your grandma is your mom. My knowledge stops at knowing about the birth certificate. Sorry. Oh okay, cool! Do you think I should apply as a child or as a grandchild for citizenship? Not weird. My daughter was adopted by my second husband and a new birth certificate was issued as part of the process.