 We own a small acerage in Minnesota along a highway that will soon be expanded. The state (MNDot) is purchasing a section of our land (by force) and removing our privacy boarder of trees facing the existing highway. We finally came to an agreeable number in damages, plus cost of aquisition, ect and have informed the bank. When a loan servicer from the bank got back to us, she told us Fannie Mae could take the entire sum and apply it to our existing mortgage principal. (Last year, our bank sold our laon to Fannie Mae but assured us they will continue to service the loan as if nothing had changed). We don't understand this. First, why would they want to do this? It would lower our interest rate, thereby decreasing their overall profit. Second, it would reduce the value of our property if we were uable to use the funds to correct the damage. (We were planning to build a berm, plant more trees and even build a fence). I cannot find any examples of a mortgage lender doing this except in rare instances. More information, we have never been in default, our credit is good and we have even been trying to put extra towards our loan payment. We have owned our property for a little over 2 years and it is zoned agricultural. What are our rights as property owners? Should we now be in contact with a real estate attorney before further discussing things with the bank? I hope OP sees my post, but they have probably moved on. I have been doing this a while. This situation smells rotten. Sounds like you need an attorney to go back to the state and say the amount is too low because bank. Then they go to the bank and say it's going to cost $X to restore the front of the property to the condition it was in when we purchased, we need to work this out. Whenever you're dealing with eminent domain issues you should have a professional bargaining on your behalf. OP says, they were planning to build a fence, not replace an existing fence. The damages are calculated as the property is, not what the owner wants do do with it.  It couldn’t hurt to ask. I’m not in your state but rebuilding fences (barbwire anyway) and general landscaping are common for these projects in our area. The fences get contracted out so that might just affect the check they agree to write and they usually need to replace/disperse all the soil they’ve moved during construction anyway. Depending on your berm it may or may not bother them at all. Good info above for you u/honeybeefarmer  A "short time?" Hmm..... interesting. I am an attorney. You already have your mortgage answer (sorry...bad news) but I have a different concern. Did you buy this house? If so, I bet the seller knew of the upcoming eminent domain seizure and failed to disclose it. You may have a whopper of a fraudulent non-disclosure action.  There’s so much public construction going on in our area like roads and schools that my company intentionally bought that property 8 years ago knowing it was very likely to get acquired via imminent domain for a long planned highway system. We have another batch of land further up the planned route that we expect the state to offer for within the next three years. It’s a risk since there’s a small chance the state may change the route, but it’s a legitimate investment opportunity around here. The attorney we used does exclusively ID negotiations and he has 5-6 lawyers in his firm. There’s a whole cottage industry down here.  Does your settlement with the State specify how much is attributable to acquisition of the property and how much to repair of damages? There is very likely an appraiser somewhere who made that calculation. You should use that information if you can acquire it to discuss with the Banker and Fanny Mae how much should go towards reducing the mortgage. This should be easy to acquire and if your settlement is not finalized you should insist on it. In some cases, the loan services will escrow the money and pay out of that as the repairs are completed. This happens a lot on insurance claims. It’s done to ensure that nobody pockets the money and decreases the value of the property which would put loan at risk. The other thing you can do if all else fails is pay down the balance of the loan with the amount and then borrow it back on a second mortgage. Although the rates and repayment schedule could be different and there will be some fees. But this may at least provide access to funds to perform the work.  But if that money was paid with the intention that it be spent to build a new fence (as implied) then the bank build the new fence. Just a heads up, Florida is very property owner friendly in eminent domain law. Most states will not cover attorney fees, although I am not familiar with Minnesota. I just know that in the southeast, Florida is alone in this. Damages are a reduction in value of the remaining property. So the remaining collateral is worth less so the damages go to the bank for the same reason.  I think you’re missing the part about damages. The state bought $40 worth of land but also said here is another $10 for your trouble. The bank is saying “we will take all $50” IANAL but... Could a person in this situation negotiate with the state for $x in cash PLUS state installs new berm and fence? Clearly “x” would be reduced in this scenario but would allow the bank to claim the cash while OP gets the property restored to similar condition? Have you discussed this with an imminent domain lawyer? My company just went through this in Florida and the state had to pay our lawyer’s fees. The lawyer helped us come to an agreement for 45% more than the state’s original offer, so although it made the process much longer, it was well worth it.  Kelo has nothing to do with this. That was about a government entity using eminent domain to force sale to a commercial real estate entity to build a new housing development and thereby boost real estate values and thus tax revenues, netting a positive return for the community. It was widely regarded as theft for rich people, and several states immediately amended their constitutions to prohibit it. Eminent domain to build things of general public use has never been an issue. Roads, hospitals, schools, post offices, airports, train stations, bus depots, and a lot of other things of obvious public benefit have a long history of being built after eminent domain proceedings. OP was affected by a road construction project, something not addressed by Kelo. The bank bought a piece of property worth 100 dollars. You've paid the bank for part of it, say 15 dollars. The state comes in and buys 40 dollars worth of the property, so now the entire thing is worth 60 dollars. The bank goes, hey, you owe us 85 dollars for a property only worth 60, we're scared you're just going move to mexico and we'll have to sell the property for 60 and lose out on the extra 25. So they just take the 40 dollars you get from the government and apply it to your loan so that now they own a 60 dollar property that you owe 45 dollars on. I'm not aware of the specific laws, but generally speaking it doesn't matter that it was a forced sale. The itemized cost of land doesn't matter either, just the reduction in total value of the property. Maybe the numbers are different and you should be getting some percentage of the sale, but in general this makes sense to me. The bank doesn't want you to be underwater on the loan since it puts them at risk. No matter if it is your choice or not, the value of the property that was collateral for the mortgage has been reduced by that sale, that is all the bank cares about.  Look there a bunch of lawyers here telling you that the bank has the right to do this. I'm sure they are all right. However what you need now is practical advice. You want to use a portion of the money to replace the berm, fence line and trees. The practical way of doing this if Fannie May takes all the cash and applies it to your mortgage is simple. You just do a cashout refinance. IDK what your interest rate is compared to what you would get in a refi but this is your best bet here.  Can you negotiate that the state hires contractor to “move” your fence, build a berm etc. instead of you a straight payout? Obviously there would still be some amount in a check for the bank. Otherwise you need to look at refinancing or taking out second mortgage to improve the property. It might not be a bad deal depending on when you bought the property and what the rates were at that time. Obviously the payoff amount should be more than the cost of remediations, so your total debt won’t be any worse. line i·tem noun an entry that appears on a separate line in a bookkeeping ledger or a fiscal budget. They are saying that those categories you list such as “severance, cost to cure” etc are not entirely distinct from payments to recover the value of the property but rather each just a “line item” in the total loss of value the bank calculates. The line between when a piece of property added to the mortgaged property becomes a fixture and legally part of the property can be blurry with regards to outbuildings like sheds and barns (though in general, any permanent building you build on land the bank owns does indeed belong to the bank, as opposed to a plastic shed that breaks down intended to be moved) and will need to be negotiated. Has the bank been unwilling to discuss and negotiate the calculated value so far? You might want to get a consultation with an attorney if you don't feel the compensation is fair. In theory though you should be able to sell for what is owed (over and above any equity you have gained or gotten from paying down the loan early). You should not be out any money here, you should be compensated. Its not convenient but you can move to a less developed area if you don't like being on a major road. However I would not be so fast to sell, if your area is growing, highway frontage can be quite a bit more valuable than residential. You mght be sitting on property that is worth way more than your house is, if not now, in the near future.  Try /r/Mortgages or /r/RealEstate. I don't feel like answering your snark. Line items apart of the whole? ELI5 please? So the bank bought the lumber, installed and maintained the horse fencing/electric posts? They came out and built a shed/barn and paid for all the supplies? They should totally be compensated for these things, not to mention all the vegetation bought/planted and maintained. BalliN bank to be so vigilant about a property😎 And if you start to get into items located "on" the property, where is the line drawn? A movable shed vs one on concrete? A parked car? A box full of cash??? I understand the point that you're trying to make: There is part of the compensation for the actual acreage they are taking. There is another part for "other" issues such as what it will cost you to have a fence moved and what they figure is lost value due to the loss of the safety barrier of trees and increased encumbrance of the larger highway. Have you spoken to anyone at the servicing bank to see if Fannie Mae will only claim enough of the payment to compensate them for the loss of value due to reduced size of the plot? If you are using the balance to relocate the fence and rebuild a safety barrier of trees then it would seem to be a reasonable request. If they deny the request then see a real estate lawyer to see if you have any recourse to get those expenses covered. Alternatively see if the state can issue one payment for the actual land and one for the cost of relocation/restoration of the fence and tree barrier.  : cost of removal and reinstallment of horse-fencing, partial removal of a barn shed, severance, and cost-to-cure payments. I don't know what "cost-to-cure" means here. But the rest are all compensation for the taking, i.e., components of the value of the land; they're just line items that are part of the whole. I don't know what those things mean, but they also sound like parts of the value of the land being taken. There is additional payments to: cost of removal and reinstallment of horse-fencing, partial removal of a barn shed, severance, and cost-to-cure payments. This is all in addition to the unencumbered acquisition, encumbered aquisition and temporary easement.   Well, that's unfortunate, but it's outside your lender's control. Sure it did - it's in the state constitution! "getting" only includes a portion for the actual land itself. That doesn't make sense to me. What else is there? I just had a conversation with the servicer and she mentioned this at the end. I completely understand reducing the debt and it's been our goal to always overpay our mortgage. This, however, impacts our daily life greatly. It is a highway, now set to be bigger/faster/louder/more dangerous, literally at our door. We have small children and animals. We bought our property and never imagining this could happen ). The state did not previously have rights to eminent domain. We (the bank, lol) owns the land to the middle of the road and are now buying that so it will become eminent domain ( as far as I understand it). And like I mentioned in a few previous comments, the sum we are "getting" only includes a portion for the actual land itself. What rights does the lender have beyond that?   Yes. I'm familiar with [eminent domain]() proceedings. 't open the document and have been searching a great deal for info! Do you have a link? Thanks for the reference! I gave you the only link I have. But you can read the hard copy of your own mortgage. I linked the form that Fannie Mae uses. What about the other part of the payment? (Not just the itemized cost of land per acerage? That is only a percentage of what MNDoT is paying). Also, this is a forced sale not a negotiated one. There is damage to personal property, loss of privacy and safety, ect. How is that their right to take that portion?  A forced sale. They are aquiring x amount of land to which nothing can be disputed. I would understand this if we were deliberately selling or negotiating a sale but we are being forced into this. (I couldn't open the document and have been searching a great deal for info! Do you have a link? Thanks for the reference!)  This is a term of your mortgage. See paragraphs (L) and 11 in the standard [Fannie Mae mortgage for MN]() (.doc warning).  That is exactly right. Also, see paragraphs (L) and 11 in the standard [Fannie Mae mortgage for MN]() (.doc warning). If the taking reduces your property value by $X, why would you not want that money to be applied toward reducing your loan? Otherwise you could end up owing more than the property is worth. The money is going to you, but in the form of reduced debt, not cash you can spend on a new truck or whatever. Realistically you don't actually own your property, you own it subject to the mortgage. If it's a significant amount talk to the servicer about recasting the loan which would reduce your payments. If they won't do that threaten to refi with a different lender.   Because the state will make the check jointly payable to all interest holders of record - which includes the motgagee. I know, right? Alas... From what we're being told so far, a check cannot just be written to us without the bank signing off on it. Part of what the State is doing is aquiring a section of the property in a forced sale; property that we don't technically own because we are still paying off our mortgage (so the bank 'technically' owns?) The other part of the payment involves: loss of privacy (they are cutting down a large rows of bushes and 20 ft pine trees), loss of safety (there was an accident recently where a drunk driver crashed head on into the trees---if they hadn't been there...) destruction to property, ect. The bank/Fannie Mae, I feel, has no right to this. We have been in our home a short time with no fore knowledge of the project, we have small children and took into account the road at purchasing (but b/c there was privacy/protection, we decided to buy). It's just so wrong. (Thanks for replying btw) IANAL, but if i understand this correctly, you have a lien on your property with the bank. You have sold a portion of your property to the state, so the property the mortgage is based on has been changed and reduced in value. It would seem to me, that the bank is valuing the reduction in your collateral by the amount you are receiving and is looking to reduce their exposure by that amount. Seems reasonable to me. Take it to the extreme and say that you get a large mortgage on a large piece of property. You then sell all but one sq. ft. of the property and pocket the money. The banks lien on that property is now worthless. The bank should be able to protect themselves. Don't you agree? I'm not a lawyer nor do I do anything in regards to real estate but I am curious, if you are given a check for the forced sale then why would you have to deposit in the same bank that is servicing your loan? Sounds like you might be better served just opening an account at a third bank that your current one cannot reach in to for depositing the proceeds of the sale.