 Hey guys, I’m an 18 y/o male and last night some mistakes were made. I was smoking weed in a parking lot with a friend inside of TN where it is still illegal. Cops happened to pull up and then proceeded to ask me and my friend to step out the vehicle, beginning the process... By the end of it, the officer had found 9gs of weed, a pipe, and apparently a bong even though it was just a water bottle with a hole in the bottom of it. Me and my friend decided I would claim all the paraphernalia and he would claim the weed. This left both of us with a class A misdemeanor. I now have to show up in court next month. My question is, before I show up, is it worth getting an attorney to try and fight for lesser charges or I am I just going to have to take whatever they give me. I just don’t know if this charge is even significant enough where they would lower charges. Any input is helpful! Thanks Internet.  Well I couldn’t pay for it but my parents potentially could, but I would like to do all this without them finding out. Most people don't have that choice. If you qualify for the public defender, you probably truly can't afford your own attorney. It is a much longer list of people who say they don't qualify and don't know how they could possibly pay for a lawyer than those who do qualify but might find the money. Public defenders, like all other types of lawyers, vary from ones who are very good to ones who are pretty bad. For the most part public defenders do good work but lack the time to invest in their cases that you might find from an attorney in private practice. For that reason alone your odds might be somewhat better with an attorney you hire. Lawyer. There could be issues with the way the police initiated the contact or conducted the search. You are also eligible for a diversion so this won't go on your record, but you need an attorney.  Exactly this - marijuana is still a Federal crime and can be prosecuted that way.  Should I pay for an attorney or if I go get an appointed one would that be fine?  ~~TN~~ the United States where it is still illegal FTFY Get an attorney now, having a drug record and wreck a lot of stuff, including jobs applications and federal student loans if you are looking at college  It is always worth getting an attorney, if it is at all possible, when you are facing charges. Especially drug charges. If you are thinking about pursuing any form of higher education, it may be even more important for you to hire an attorney as drug charges on your record will prevent you from receiving many forms of scholarships and financial aid.  I'm not a lawyer for starters, but absolutely yes. A lawyer knows a heck of a lot more than you in this area and can advise you to the best course of action.  This is definitely worth getting a lawyer to represent you on.  If there is any chance of avoiding a drug related conviction the money on the attorney is well spent. You should absolutely seek a consultation with one. In this case it’s probably not so much the punishment as the record you want to avoid. 