 So back when i was still with my ex, we purchased a mattress together, and she was my cosigner. After the breakup, since she did not have a job at the time, I was the only one making payments on it. We were separated at this time, so she ended up keeping the bed in the old apt while i moved out. Close to the end of the lease now, and since she was using the bed the whole time, she feels like she is now entitled to keep the bed for herself scot-free. I have now asked her to either return the mattress to me, since she has not made a single payment on it, or pay me a portion of my share of what I put into it, so that she keeps it and i get some of my money back. She has refused both deals, and still continues to say she wants to keep it. I dont know what to do at this point. Any help? Damn.. If you ever get the bloody thing back I hope the cleaning bill isn't a lot for you to cover on it.  man do you have any idea how much a good mattress costs? Are you made of money? Oh she might nebulously have been with a guy possibly on this thousand dollar investment, that totally makes it worth throwing away when he's a dude who isn't rich enough to buy this mattress outright.  Truth you don't really want the mattress back? I understand you've made all the payments but you know she's an ex she could of had somebody else around on that same mattress. I'm not saying she has or hasn't, id leave her and the mattress to live happy together  No matter how you slice it it's a civil matter. If i pay off the full amount, at that point would it be theft by appropriation if she still refused to return it? It's possible, but might require her participation. That still wouldn't solve the issue of her being in possession of the mattress and refusing to give it back. You may be able to file an action of replevin in Texas, which means the court would order the mattress returned to you rather than the value of the mattress. Could I remove her as a cosigner? I have great credit, she had none at the time. Your recourse would be to sue her for the value of what you feel you're owed. Unfortunately, in Texas, actually collecting on a judgement of this type is incredibly difficult; close to impossible.