 As I said he gets 150 hydrocodones per month and has said when he ran out early that they must have shorted him. His memory isnt what it used to be so we chalked it up to him doubling up accidentally when he forgot he just took one. Well today we picked up his script for him and counted it and it was the full 150. then he pulled out the bottle they gave him last month which was a smaller bottle. We then tried to put the 150 in there and they didnt fit at all we still had 10 or 15 in our hand. It is the same pill, not a different brand that may be smaller. I'm obviously fucking pissed as he's been in pain for the last part of the month here lately as hes running out while taking his prescribed dose. He doesnt want to call the cops and from here on out i am going to let him call in his own refill so they think its him picking it up then i am going to go with him. But, is there any anonymous way for me to have that pharmacy audited or reported for their shady practices? I'm in North Carolina. Because they would know about the investigation/allegation. But how would the pharmacy even know if OP gave the board “no evidence”?  Pharmacy has no reason to not decline to serve a customer after an allegation. It costs time/wages/stress that they can simply decline to deal with. That is completely rational. How would the pharmacy know they were falsely accused if OP had no evidence? Since you are dealing in hypotheticals I will as well. 5) Board of Pharmacy says there is no evidence. Pharmacy fires patient because no one likes to be falsely accused. OP (or other person) decides to stop being greedy and just takes/sells all of a dying persons meds and they live their last days in hell. Or just believe that starting at the bottom and working the way up works in this context because is such a big deal that the feds are trackin g it. Then it seems like great advice to tell OP to contact the board. Either, 1) OP is guilty of diversion and gets caught = society win, 2) Pharmacy is guiltily of diversion = society win, 3) the multiple controls failed in this instance and need updating = society win, 4) it was an honest mistake of OP and it verifies the controls work and the pharmacy is honest = society win.  No I meant to reply to you. Not contacting the pharmacy and going straight to the board of pharmacy because "they would cover it up, it was the manager, etc." disregards the fact that there are multiple controls in place to prevent this because it has happened in the past and people have gone to jail. What I am saying is that someone saying is that someone who calls up the board and says "my relative is missing XXX oxy, he doesn't remember counting them but the bottle was bigger this time" reeks of diversion and rightly so.  Is that a proportional response in your mind? Look if you want an apology for calling you snarky; you're right I shouldn't call you or anyone snarky and should focus on the actual language being used, but to be honest your response has not really been nice, respectful, or proportional in my mind either. First off, reddit is only my work poop time hobby. Thanksgiving threw my pooping off, so I’ve hit it up a few times today. Also, when someone seemingly personally attacks me for no reason I usually see if they are a jerk in general or just to me. Secondly, please cite the federal laws that prevents you from sharing docket numbers of publicly available court documents. Thirdly, I never said anything like this. I just asked some questions. A clear sign that someone doesn’t have a defensible position is when they don’t answer each question and further try to put words into the asker’s mouth. Fourthly, try to be nicer. Be persuasive. Don’t attack people, attack wrong ideas. Don’t attack questions. Answer questions. Don’t give straw man arguments. Learn grammar if you are going to argue semantics.  Very weird you're following me around reddit replying to my comments about different topics across all subs. Get a better hobby.  've absolutely seen it happen before. This would be a public court record. Please cite the source of your anecdote.  It does not. It is completely legal to partial fill a CII script in NC. It does not void the remaining script. http://www.ncbop.org/faqs/Pharmacist/faq_SchIIControlledSub.htm  And if OPs dad had accidentally or purposefully misrepresented what's occurring OP and his dad can and will have their own problems ranging from being fired from the pharmacy, pain management, to referral to law enforcement depending on the circumstances. I've absolutely seen it happen before. This story is way too big of a stretch without additional information. It can’t be a partial full if the bottle has #150. NC Pharmacy law requires labels to be correct, regardless of it being a partial fill or not. OP stated the meds were the exact same as the previous month. Please explain how C2s are tracked greater than the standard pedigree and wholesale information required under current federal and state law? If you are referring to the PDMP for NC, the information reflected on the label is what would be transmitted to the NC PDMP. Diversion is a serious issue. If you call the pharmacy you give them the chance to hide/cover something up. If they haven’t done anything wrong it takes no more than 10 minutes to clear up the inquiry with the BOP or DEA.  A few years ago when I was 21, I had a molar pulled, and my dentist was very reluctant to prescribe any pain pills. Since I could already feel my jaw bone throbbing, I asked him to please write the prescription. He did for 15 pills or so, enough for a few days, I filled it. For a while, the bottle sat empty on my dresser. Months later, I got a call at home from my dentist, he left a message saying he was concerned that the pharmacy had sent a fax, and tried to get a refill on the prescription, and he was asking if my teeth were hurting me. My mom heard the message and was very concerned about me, and didn't seem to believe I hadn't been trying to get more pills. I was afraid my best friend, who was dating a sketchy guy, had told him about my prescription. Even though I was embarrassed and confused, I talked to my friend and believed that she had nothing to do with it, and so I called the pharmacy. I was young, but I have a strong sense of justice, so I angrily told the manager that someone had tried to fill my prescription and it was incredibly upsetting, that these types of pills get abused and it makes me look like an addict. I told them how now my dentist and parents were suspicious of me and it needed to be straightened out, they needed to call my dentist and explain what had happened and why. They said they would and apologized profusely, and I heard later someone was fired from the pharmacy at that time ( I am friends with people who work at the grocery store, and the fired pharmacy worker was married to a grocery manager). Still, I am a bit regretful that I didn't call the police, but I didn't know if it was the proper thing to do. Speaking with the pharmacy and seeing if there was a partial fill, a change in medication, or any other explanation. All of C2s are incredibly well tracked. OP by his own admission says his dad has memory issues. “All of this months pills didn’t fit in last months bottle” is not really compelling evidence of anything. The smaller bottle...double check that it says Qty (quantity) 150. If it does, then there’s a big problem. What information would you suggest getting? I worked for a short time as an intelligence analyst for the DEA in the tactical diversion squad. This was our bread and butter. Doctors handing out scripts and people shorting patients of needed drugs. We had a database to look up any prescription, either something a Dr wrote, a pharmacist filled, or a patient picked up.  Sorry, I wasn’t intending to be snarky. I was intending to be helpful in making sure you were conversing in the right thread. My comment was all questions. It didn’t suggest doing one thing or another. So a reply without a clear answer to the questions appeared to be misplaced. Also, going to the proper authorities with somewhat reasonable concerns will not land someone in legal trouble. If it did it would be counterproductive in solving the problem as suspicious behavior would go unreported out of fear of punishment.   You didn't ask: “so many other possibilities” is true then won’t the investigator find that out pretty easily and nobody gets in trouble? ? Listen if you're going to be snarky, please be accurate. OPs dad could absolutely end up in legal trouble if they are being less than truthful or even just ignorant and OP starts filing complaints without all relevant information. I think you are replying to the wrong comment. My comment to which you replied had three questions, none of which you answered.  And if OP goes to the police/DEA/board of pharmacy with tenuous allegations and OPs dad is being less than truthful or even genuinely ignorant both OP and their dad could be in a legally precarious situation really quickly. More information is needed. These are not light allegations. OP has very tenuous evidence here, going to a board of Pharmacy or DEA is flat out bad advice at this point. If it turns out there's something nefarious going on with the OPs dad, OP and their dad could be brought into a really uncomfortable and potentially legally precarious position. I'd get a lot more information beyond "the pills didn't fit in last months bottle" before I'd advise what you're suggesting. I think you replied to the wrong comment as I was directing it to someone else that said they are a pharmacist. Further, my comment had three specific questions, none of which you answered. That said, if your comment is true then there is a problem. Essentially, what you are saying is that pharmacy employees can steal pills from someone’s prescription and will not be investigated because the accuser will be the suspect.  North Carolina allows it. "Under the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (“CARA”), a pharmacy may provide a partial fill of a Schedule II controlled substance prescription if: (1) state law does not prohibit partial fills of Schedule II prescriptions (North Carolina law does not prohibit partial fills of this sort)" http://www.ncbop.org/faqs/Pharmacist/faq_SchIIControlledSub.htm I personally know people who work at the NC BOP and several board members. I can assure you that they will not think you are a pill head and will not blow off your complaint. Also, a call to your local DEA Anti Diversion division is an option.  That's the thing to do and let the pharmacist know what happened the last time. Before my family owned pharmacy closed there were three pharmacists working and two technicians. The owner might not have been on duty the last time it happened and may have no idea that one of his employees is shorting or miscounting pills. It's very possible that OP didn't notice the small notation on the label or assumed it wasn't relevant.  Not likely to happen, partial fills of controlled prescriptions are not legal in most states (possibly all), especially CII IF it was someone stealing, they could easily just lie on the books. If its a miscount, dispensing 140 instead of 150 will be a obvious mistake the pharmacist should have caught. I think there's a more logical explanation for this, but more information would be required from OP/ Pharmacy.  In your scenario, it probably wasn't someone stealing it but miscounting. 60 is a very common number of tablets to be counting (Multiple of 30's are all very common; x/ day for 30 days). I'm willing to bet someone was just on auto pilot and assumed your script was for 60 when it was actually for 90 It applies to NC pharmacies too.  i know the pharmacist personally, he is also the owner as its a small one location only pharmacy in a small town. I wasnt at my dads this time but my wife was and she read the bottle and it said 150 she didnt notice any partial refill notes or anything. i am just going to go with him next time without letting them know i'm the one picking it up and if its in that small bottle i'm counting them right then and there. [removed] The odds of the state board blowing him off as another drug seeker wanting more pills are extremely high. There is a nationwide move to decrease the amount of opioids prescribed and people are doing anything they can to not be titrated down. As a pharmacist, I know you realize that Hydrocodone is a CII. If the script is a partial fill, it should have been notated on the label. If they split it over multiple bottles it should have been notated on the label. If nothing wrong was done then this is investigated and then done with very quickly. It’s easy to look at the dispense records combined with wholesaler data to make sure that there isn’t an issue.  (This turned out to be longer than I planned, sorry!) Hi, pharmacy tech here hoping I can help you. I agree with what some people are saying, definitely talk to the pharmacy first but don’t hesitate to go to the board if you don’t get an appropriate response. I know when we have shorted people in the past (purely accidental and verrrrrrry seldom with c2’s) we appreciate the patient coming to us first. It’s not required, but our pharmacy keeps a perpetual paper log of all C2’s (every bottle that comes in and every script that goes out) as well as a computer inventory system. So we will check actual on-hands, the book, and the computer. If those three don’t match 100% we look into it. If we made a mistake we will admit it and do all we can to rectify it. In my state we’re also required to do a monthly hard count on all C2’s and keep copies of these reports for the board to inspect at any time. If we’re more than just a pill or two randomly off then we have to report it immediately to the board. All that said, there are shady people out there so it’s possible there could be something shady happening. It’s a reach but a small explanation to the different sized vials- I know if I’m out of the bigger size, or too lazy to get the bigger size, I can tap the bottle on the counter a few times to make the pills settle and can fit more in the smaller bottle. 10-15 extra pills probably wouldn’t fit but it’s worth mentioning. Also, I noticed a lot of people mentioned the multiple vial things, it is possible but our common practice is to write “ 1 of 2” and “2 of 2” and/or the exact quantity in the vials. One last thing!!! You can definitely request to have them count in front of you or have it triple counted. We do this for a couple people and the third count is always done by a second person.  I have three questions, though the first only has one answer unless you have some inside info: How do you know the pharmacy manager isn’t the one responsible? If one of those “so many other possibilities” is true then won’t the investigator find that out pretty easily and nobody gets in trouble? If you talk to the pharmacy first will this give them a chance to cover up the crime, and if so how? True. Its a shitty lot in life in every case.  [removed] I’m not entirely sure about NC, but in Kentucky, if you agree to a partial fill of a CII medication, like Norco, you forfeit the rest of the prescription, and must get a new prescription from the doctor. But, I am a CPhT in Kentucky, and can only speak to Kentucky pharmacy law. That said? I suspect there are similar rules in other states. In a another comment response the OP mentions that this is a small local pharmacy and not a large chain. Small local pharmacies always have signs that say they don't keep a lot of narcotics in stock and that they may have to order more. My old pharmacy did this before the pharmacist retired and I switched to Walgreens. So if it was a large chain pharmacy I would agree with you but since its a small family owned pharmacy it makes it plausible. If you truly believe the pharmacy is shady, the Board of Pharmacy is your recourse, but don't run to the BoP first! The first recourse should be to actually return to the pharmacy and speak to the pharmacist. Don't do this over the phone, and keep in mind that the pharmacy may be skeptical at first; "you shorted me on my Norco" is unfortunately a refrain that many patients claim even when they haven't been. 150 oblong white Norco (most common generic) would fit in a 30-40 dram vial - probably a 40 dram. This would be a fatter cylindrical vial, not the tall skinny ones that people usually think of when they see prescription bottles. Did he get a tall skinny vial the first time out? If so, the pharmacist will know immediately something's wrong. However, I could see them putting it in a 30 dram, realizing it didn't fit entirely, and putting the overflow in a skinny vial, so it might still be possible if you only have a smaller vial. When dispensing a narcotic like hydrocodone, generally only the pharmacist touches the count, but note that some stores will allow techs to do it; it's highly dependent on the pharmacy. There will be records of who counted it, and most pharmacists will initial the bottle indicating a double count has occurred. The pharmacist has to count out your father's pills twice, then perform a back count of the pills on hand to make sure that the records balance; the record has to balance to the tablet. The pharmacy will have records of what was dispensed, when, and how many they should have on hand; however, since this occurred a full month ago, that will make things more difficult. Also check to see if they use an automated counter; some of them can image the pills and store it so they could show you an image of exactly what they dispensed. In any case, the pharmacy can count down what they have in stock and verify what they should have on hand against what they do have on hand; with luck, it shows a discrepancy, and they know they shorted him medication. If there's no discrepancy, I wouldn't expect to get any extra pills. I don't think the pharmacy is purposefully being shady: Norco is cheap, so it's not like they're saving money; most any pharmacist isn't going to risk their license through diversion; and counting mistakes, although rare with C2s, do happen. Also, C2s are heavily monitored, and there are a metric fuckton of cameras in any corporately-owned pharmacy. Is this an independent or a major chain, btw? There are three major options here: either a tech is stealing (unlikely if a pharmacist is doing the count, since the tech would never have the chance to handle the meds), someone made a counting error, or the medication was filled in two bottles and your father has lost one. A fourth option might be a partial; I don't believe a partial fill is likely, but the pharmacy could tell you if one had been done. Again, a BoP complaint is your recourse if you truly believe something shady has happened, but you need to go talk to the pharmacy first. Going forward, I would ask them to have at least 2 people count independently and initial the bottle. (I did this for a patient who claimed perpetual short; we ended up having 4 separate people initial the bottle every month. Turned out a family member was diverting after the meds left the pharmacy.) While requesting an in-person count is also an option, in my experience, everyone who's ever requested their meds be counted in front of them got tired of it after 1-2 months, since it decreases convenience of checkout and means you can't use drive-through.  Could he possibly have been asked to come back to pick up the rest of the script when the pharmacy didn't have enough to fill the entire month? Just asking because I've had that happen many times to my family. It is extremely unlikely that the pharmacy would partial fill a schedule II controlled substance, particularly Norco (hydrocodone.) For one thing, Norco is a top 200 drug (haven't seen recent stats, but when I was studying for boards, it was the #1 dispensed drug period.) The pharmacy isn't likely to run out. For another, if the pharmacy does a partial fill of the prescription, they have 72 hours to fill the completion or the remainder of the prescription is void. Most pharmacies will not do this, because you can't always guarantee that you're going to get shipped the remaining pills within 72 hours, and patients will throw an absolute fit if the remainder of the script ends up being voided because of that. (Note that this is separate from some states' laws allowing you to split up a fill of a schedule 2 controlled substance for lesser quantities than prescribed.)  A partial fill would not require a call to the police. Note that I don't think that's actually what happened - a partial fill here is unlikely because of the schedule of the drug, but pharmacies do this all the time in order to get patients a supply of medicine to get started while they order in the remainder. (Also, when pharmacies run a partial, they generally won't charge until the completion if it's billing through insurance. You pay for the whole amount when you pick up the completion, unless it's true cash pay, in which case you're charged a pro-rated amount at each pickup.)  As a pharmacist, I completely disagree with this. It is a criminal manner but there are so many other possible explanations (multiple bottles, partial filling due to not having enough in stock) that going straight to the board of pharmacy is ludicrous and unnecessary. Talk to the pharmacy manager first.  If they are splitting up the bottles they should be identified as not containing the full amount. In my experience the pharmacist will scratch out the quantity and hand write in the quantity with initials. You say your father's memory is not so good now. Maybe he is taking more then he remembers. When I was on opiates I would accidentally take more than I realized and I had a pretty good memory. It's hard cause sometimes if your hurting and don't remember taking you may take more. Edit: Start requesting that the pills be counted in front of you. They will do it. I would take no more pills from them without making them count them in front of you first  I used to get 90 Xanax a month and once was shorted 30. Went straight back to pharmacy, they denied it, nearly accused me of lying because they had "circled the quantity" as a double-check. I ended up ALWAYS counting them out at the pharmacy counter before I left and was no longer shy about demanding a recount by the pharmacy staff. Someone could be pocketing the difference. Don't be shy about demanding a recount or counting them out yourself right at the consultation counter.  Go with him, tape the transaction, no edits, open the sack on a bench, again, no stopping the camera, have something like a shoebox lid, and a butter knife, count the pills on camera. If you’re short, go back to the pharmacist, tell them what you found. The danger is, addicts lie, and thieves lie, your goal here is to find out who’s lying without seeming like an ass, and provide evidence if it’s the pharmacy. I’ve been an RN for decades and seen pharmacies cover up their mistakes many many times. Do not give them the bottles, pills, etc, trust me, they’ll disappear quickly. Conversely, I’ve had them save my ass many times as well. Good luck, and get your dad off that crap. Does last month's bottle say 150 on it? That is common practice in a community pharmacy. They charge you the full amount up front because typically people have copays. They can’t charge a percentage of a copay. So instead of turning a patient away, they can provide enough for the patient to get started (therefore preventing delayed treatment). This especially happens with less commonly prescribed medications. Supplying a partial fill is not illegal. They have log books they have to maintain for partial fills. They supply the remainder of the fill within a specified amount of time.  I would go with your dad when he picks up the prescription and insist on having the pills counted in front of you by the pharmacist.   That's the source of much difficulty in pain management: there's no solidly objective way to determine if the man taking five pills a day is in a lot of pain, or is scamming his doctor, or both. Poorly-controlled severe pain and active drug-seeking behavior associated with opioid misuse can resemble each other, and they can also overlap. Handing out pills because somebody needs pain medication can bring them great relief, or it can condemn them to a life of greater pain. There's no one "right" answer here.  That's what I thought too but I have heard from others that it depends on the pharmacy's policy. Some just keep log books about it. I don't agree with it, nor do I think its wise. My pharmacy writes it on the label, verbally tells me and sends me a text. Every time I’ve ever had them give me a partial dosage, they had to write on the bottle a number and sign it.  Please do this. If they’re taking advantage of your father they are certainly doing it to others.  It could be that the dad was supposed to call to see if the refill was complete and forgot or that there was a miscommunication and someone thought someone else was calling him. Before involving the police maybe try and get a refund for the difference. Its better to try and solve it amicably before going nuclear. So they sold him less pills but charged him for the full 150? This still requires a call to the police.  This is called diversion. It is a HUGE problem in pharmacies. Do not call the pharmacy. Report them directly to the state board of pharmacy. Request a meeting with an investigator, show them the bottle and the pills. The DEA will be notified and they will, almost immediately, conduct an inspection of the pharmacy, including a comprehensive review of all of their Controlled Substances. This is a felony and, if this is happening, it will cause the pharmacist to have their license either suspended or placed under administrative review. It could possibly lead to the pharmacy being shut down as well. Again, I cannot stress to you enough, do not contact the pharmacy. This is a criminal matter that needs to be addressed by a pharmacy board.  If I were you I would ask them for a tray to count the pills while you are there. While I have not done that myself, I have seen others do it while at the pharmacy in front of me. This way you there is no chance they can say you left and took some out and would allow you to show that only “x” amount are able to fit in the bottle.  If OP’s father needs pain medication, he needs pain medication. Yes, it’s possible for someone to become addicted to it, but what is the alternative? To damn them to a life in pain? If he’s taking 5 pills a day, as prescribed by his doctor, he’s probably in a lot of pain. The fact that he was given a bottle that you can’t even fit his prescription in is strong evidence that he’s not an addict. If that bottle has a label that says 150 pills, I’d consider that strong evidence of the pharmacy doing something wrong here.  yeah, and what about dosage? The number of pills he is taking doesn't matter as much as the dosage. He could have 5 mg, 7.5 or 10 mg pills Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. You've got patients and don't know that "oxy" and hydrocodone are different? I have something similar happen, 2 bottles for one script. What it was for me though, they ran out of my normal manufacturer, they had 75 left (script is 90). They put those 75 in one bottles, made a written note on the label. The other 15 in the other bottles, wrote 15/90 I believe? OP, I'd check that out too.  [removed] He may have just had a smaller bottle because it was given to him in multiples. When i was in PM, i could get my entire scrip in two different sized bottles. They will typically mark off the QTY with what they gave me. Here's what could have happened, the pharmacy didn't have enough pills and did a partial refill. Now they should have told your dad they didn't have enough to complete the refill but would contact him when they did. This would explain the smaller bottle. My pharmacy usually writes it on the label. Usually looks like refill 20/30 owe 10 and then verbally tell me they will text me when they have the rest. I don't have to pay a co-pay when I pick up the I.O.U. bottle. Talk to the head pharmacist or the manager to see if this is what happened. Don't be a jerk when you talk to them, that is the best way to get them pissed at you and tell your dad to take his business elsewhere. Best way to approach it is "hey it seems like we are a few pills short, why?" Also that the pharmacist know it happened the month before and there was no explanation. Don't accuse them of doing it on purpose it could be a miscount on the part of the person counting the pills out. Or it could be they don't have enough in stock to complete the fill and they will let you know when they get more in. I used to work at a pharmacy, it wouldn't be uncommon for us to be out of a larger size and give people 2 smaller ones that month. We usually though try to make it so that both bottles are mostly filled and of the same size. Does the bottle from last month fit about half or slightly more pills into it? If so this is most likely what happened. Additionally, we would double count the narcotics (once by a tech and once by a pharmacist) and the pharmacist would initial in pen next to the quantity on the label (this would vary by pharmacy chain though). Does the short bottle have initials like that? Also nowadays vicodin has been elevated to level 2 so only the pharmacist (or possibly an intern) is counting it now. If after all of the above you still believe they shorted you, you should contact the pharmacy manager (not just the pharmacist on duty when you happen to call) and speak privately to them because it sounds like it may be a pharmacist is stealing them. It happened when I worked there and they inevitably get caught eventually. If a pharmacist is stealing drugs it's very likely they've already set up a hidden camera and are doing audits of it so you'll just assist them with that and they'll try to make things right for you. Being that hydrocodone and other pain medications are under such extreme scrutiny nowadays (because of addiction), the pharmacy should be very interested in proving that they did / didn't short your father's prescription. It may indicate problems with their staff trying to skim the inventory for nefarious means. On the flipside, do not rule out the possibility that your father is developing an addiction. Nothing you've said so far directly suggests addiction, but do keep an open mind towards the highly addictive nature of those drugs in explaining missing pills. If your father is developing an addiction, it is crucial to start treatment early rather than let pride keep you from acknowledging the possibility. its a tiny, privately owned pharmacy not a big chain. i plan on going with him next time and letting them think it is just him picking them up to see if it happens again. I will have this months bottle and the previous months as well with me. i'll call them out right then and there if its the case again.  Definitely speak to the pharmacy manager. You'll get the most traction if you present this as it is : a confusion and potential gap in medicine coverage for a patient. I urge you to tiptoe around accusations on first pass, the pharmacy will be a lot more willing to play ball if you use a light touch.  Then I would talk to the pharmacy MANAGER first - they may have a problem with staff keeping the extra pills your father was supposed to be getting. Those pills are inventoried very closely - if this was human error, they would have discovered it very quickly. You may need to file a police report if the pharmacy manager does not address this aggressively. its always the same brand/shape of pill and it is always in one bottle.  Ask the pharmacy to pull their stock numbers. They can compare what was dispensed versus what was written. May have been an honest mistake.  If you have a pharmacy label saying 150 pills on a bottle that does not fit 150 pills... you may be able to file a complaint against the pharmacy. Are you sure though that he did not get two smaller bottles? Or a smaller pill which allowed 150 of those to fit in the smaller bottle?