  Greetings Reddit, I’m in need of guidance. Somebody reported an accident that I was not involved in any way back on 1/18/18 in city about 85 miles away from where I work and live, using my name and driver licenses. Somehow these people got ahold of my information (name and driver’s license) and said I hit them and reported it to the CA DMV. I believe the accident was under $1000 in damages because they did not report the incident to the local Police, Sheriffs or CHP departments. In July I received a letter from the DMV (financial responsibilities department) saying that my licenses will be suspended by the end of August because I did not report the accident and for me to contact them. So I called the DMV to find out what is going on how is this happening, they couldn’t give me much information on the accident because I have to pay for an SR19 to receive the report, the only info I got from them is that date and time of accident and supposedly I was driving a 01 Toyota (which I don’t own) and it’s a subrogation firm that reported the accident. The DMV said that I would need to fax them a letter requesting a hearing from the judge to subpoena the other party. Immediately I faxed DMV the letter providing all the requested information and the next day followed up with DMV and verified they received my letter. Fast forward to October and my driver’s licenses is about to expire, so I log into dmv.ca.gov site and renew my license with out problem, at this point I have not received any letter or any attempt to communicate to me from the DMV that my licenses was suspended. My fault I should’ve followed up again for the second time but I did not because I have not heard anything from the DMV so I figured the situation was handled. So the other day I decided to call the DMV to find out why I haven’t received my new driver’s licenses and I found out my licenses has been suspended because I have not faxed over my letter and I was over the due date to which I needed to fax the letter by even though I called the DMV they said they received my letter and will continue with the process of the hearing. Now I have an accident on my record and my licenses is now suspended. The only thing the DMV said they can do is request additional information from the other party concerning the accident, but they have 2 months to respond back. The only evidence that I have showing that I was not in the area the day of the accident is a debt card transaction at a restaurant near my place and a pay stub from my job showing I’ve worked 40 hours that pay period, I work Mon-Fri and the accident happened on a Tuesday at 11:19am. Also I have letter from my Supervisor stating that was I was at work that day and a signed timesheet with shows logged working hours. I’m starting to feel helpless and frightened because the DMV hasn’t been helpful as they can’t provide me all the details without filing for the SR19 which I just did but will probably take a few weeks to receive it by mail. I don’t know what I should do next. I absolutely have to drive to survive and I’m worried this is going to screw up my life. Would getting an attorney be worth the money or should I risk getting pulled over and having my car impounded, I feel if that happens it would expedite the process as I would have a hearing with a Judge and I can explain the situation in person. Is there anything I can do to prevent the other party from pursuing or show that the other party may be committing fraud of some sort? Anyone ever been in a similar situation that can provide some experience or tips. How can I fight back the suspension? Any guidance will be greatly appreciated. Thank you  Another idea - call your insurance company, since you were in an "accident", they should be able to help you clear this up. It's worth a call and explaining the circumstances. Your insurance company has lawyers too - that can make calls. The DMV might be more inclined to listen to them. Yes my company does keep door logs but unfortunately they only go back 3 months. Sadly I have no call/chat logs that date recorded. We do have security camera's setup all over but I'm not sure how far back they keep recorded cctv, I'm currently waiting to hear back from the security company to see what they find. I do take toll-roads frequently to work which logs my route and date/time but I did not used the toll-roads that day. But do you think it will help if I send the DMV my toll-roads to show my driving route pattern from the dozens of other times I've used the toll-roads? Thank you  -1 form: Thank you for the reply. That phone number you provided is the department that I've been dealing with. They said they can't provide details of the accident over the over the phone that I would have to fill out SR19 which is this [=AJPERES](=AJPERES) They've never mentioned anything about the SR-1 but appears its to report an accident? Not sure and since I have no information of the other party I wouldn't be able to fill it out completely. But I will look into further. Thanks!  . Somehow these people got ahold of my information (name and driver’s license) and said I hit them and reported it to the CA DMV. I believe the accident was under $1000 in damages because they did not report the incident to the local Police, Sheriffs or CHP departments. SR1 states you only have to report it if involves injury, death, or $1,000 or more in damages. So you can't both be in violation of not filling out the form and have this be the case. Yeah, so someone's insurer filed it for them based on false information, it appears. The other driver's report should be a public record, though. No need for a judge and a subpoena. [From the bottom of the SR-1 form:]() §16005 limits the public record for SR 1 reports to accident involvement, but does allow .) to receive specified information. Individuals may inspect . The Financial Responsibility Unit Manager, : 916-657-6677) is responsible for maintaining this information. Give them a call, ask for the information as an involved driver.  With an accident on your record and a suspended license, personally I would go into thermonuclear war mode - but, that's just me. I would go engage an attorney to help unravel this mess. I would ask your attorney about going to the police and filing a complaint for ID fraud / identity theft. Do you know the name of the subrogation firm? I would believe that a call from your attorney would be more effective than you personally calling them. I would think that the attorney could touch on false reporting, identity theft, and damage to your driving record - as well as loss of driving privileges. Why didn't the subrogation firm contact you directly? Well, because they wanted the DMV to put pressure (the screws) to you. I would think that there is some liability with the subrogation firm in not verifying the facts before just having the DMV go after you. Also most subrogation firms firms are connected to insurance companies - a lot of them are the in-house law firm for insurance companies. -Fri 9am-6pm and the accident happened on a Tuesday at 11:19am. Also I have letter from my Supervisor stating that was I was at work that day and a signed timesheet with shows logged working hours. That should be enough to convince the DMV that it was not you. Does you employer have any door logs - where you need to badge in and out of buildings, etc? That may help. Also, do you keep a call log for work, folks you have spoken with, etc. My son had a fender bender in the university parking lot - I was liened by the other party's insurance company (subrogation firm). Even after my insurance company paid (they settled as part of adjusting a whole bunch of claims both insurance companys had outstanding against each other), the subrogation firm would not remove their lien against me - for 7 years (they kept saying that they didn't have to do anything - since I was not their customer). I tried everything (doing it yourself usually does not work). Finally, during my yearly security review - the US Federal Special Agent took pity on me and said - let's fix this (he was tired of asking if the lien was part of an espionage extortion scheme). The next morning he drove 100 miles down to the other insurance company's regional headquarters and dropped his 1 pound silver and gold badge on the counter with the receptionist wanting to see the general manager and their corporate attorney. Several hours later they called me wanting to know what they needed to do to make things right (yea - after 7 $%^# !@%# years). Some legal assistance might work wonders here.