 That’s a great point. They actually gave me a total of 1350 for the notebook and a 250 dollar service fee. I’did just get that new one in July so my guess it’s accurate but I’ll ask. Thanks! I think the other info you got was correct so far. But ... What was the value of the laptop before it was stolen? If the laptop was $1600 new and was a few years old (just giving an example), the value of that laptop would be under $500. You may be able to negotiate a reduced amount with them based on the value of the lost laptop since that is all you would ever be civally liable for in other circumstances. Generally you wouldn't owe replacement value but actual cash value which is a depreciated value. It has to be your property for them to cover it. You could also try local pawn shops.  I wish it had computrace or something like that. We are a large IT company so you would think so but none of that has been offered up by IT except getting me a replacement. I’ve been checking craigslist and Facebook market place to see if some idiot has posted it but nothing yet. Does it have any sort of tracking software installed on it? Your tech people may be able to locate it that way.  Yep. Auto won’t cover. Checking with renters but it seems unlikely at this point. Unfortunately unless I track it down I might SOL. Thanks! It’s not entirely out of line that they ask you to replace it. When you were first issued the laptop, it’s possible that you may have signed something that states you agree to replace it if it’s lost or stolen. I used to work for a Fortune 100 company and had to sign something similar when we were first issued laptops. It’s doubtful, but like the other person said, you may try checking with your car insurance or homeowners insurance. Though for what it’s worth, I’ve had my car broken into before and my car insurance has never paid to replace “contents” of the car that had been taken.  Have you contacted your Car Insurance or Homeowners/Renters Insurance? They might be willing to cover it. BMW with keyless. Filed a report with the police which my company has requested but they are still asking how I want to handle payment citing company policy that we are responsible for all company issued equipment regardless of what happens to it (theft included). Been with them 10 years. First time anything like this has happened . Really shitty. Do you have a newer car with keyless entry? If you do, it's very likely someone used a signal repeater to unlock your car. Have you filed a police report? Supplying your employer with a copy might be sufficient to get them off your back on this.  Thanks! I found the exact same post you did. It was in my gym bag. Front seat. No damage to the car so either I left it unlocked( which I never do) or they remote opened. It happened in my gym parking lot in the daytime. Not sure if all of this adds up to gross negligence but 1600 seems excessive.  Not a Lawyer. In CA, they can only do a payroll deduction if "the loss resulted from the employee's dishonesty, willfulness, or grossly negligent act" and even then it's a little questionable (although generally accepted as valid). Did you leave it on a seat in plain view? That might qualify. Otherwise, they cannot payroll deduct, but (reminder - not a lawyer!) I can't find CA anything that would prevent them from requesting you pay for the laptop, or firing you if you didn't pay. [removed]