 Hi, quick question, I'm interested in suing the state of Illinois for infringing upon my second amendment rights, specifically the right to bear arms in relation to owning NFA items. Do I need to apply for an NFA tax stamp for say a short barreled rifle or suppressor and be denied because Illinois doesn't allow them first to have standing or can I just sue? Alternatively, OP may want to speak with a local branch of a large firearm lobby to get their take on it. Odds are that they have already considered or attempted this approach. There is even some possibility that that they would bankroll the litigation if they think it's a good idea.  Well, I suggest you spend a few hundred up front to consult with an attorney to frame the case facts properly. While I'm not at liberty to disclose my personal finances in a public forum, I am well aware of how costly it is going to be. Let's put aside the procedural nuances and fast forward to the crux of your problem: Do you have $50,000 to $100,000+ to pay for your desired litigation? Ah I didn't know you could sue the state and the fed in one case. Thanks for your help!  You will acquire standing to sue if you are denied the tax stamp. Your question is about who you should sue, not whether you can. There's no reason you can't sue the feds and the state in the same case. Any more procedural questions will likely need to be addressed to your attorney. This sub is a place for simple legal questions. The denial of the tax stamp is done by a federal agency (BATFE), based on my state having laws against the item the tax stamp would be for. Does this complicate things? Do I have standing to sue the state for the federal government administratively denying me a right based off of state law?  I'm unfamiliar with that. But generally, standing to sue a state is best achieved by obtaining adverse government action against you (such as being denied a tax stamp). Simply claiming that you "want" to do something but cannot (due to illegality) may present you with a proof problem. BTW, you should expect to spend tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars on the litigation you have in mind. WARNING: This post involves contentious political issues, so it will be closely monitored. Any rule violation may result in a ban without additional warning. [removed]