 I don't know if this is the right place for this post, so please direct me elsewhere if it's not. I'm in Canada. I recently accepted a job offer at a company. It was made clear I would be getting a stock option grant. This was communicated during the interview process and listed in the perks of my job offer email. However, it was not listed in my employee agreement. I brought this up before I signed the agreement, but was verballed assured that although it wasn't listed, it is indeed part of the new hire package. After starting my job, I asked HR for specifics in writing: namely how many options and when they will be granted. I was again verbally assured they will be awarded in a couple months after the next quarterly valuation (for the strike price) but the number of options was not made clear. I asked for something in writing outlining this but haven't received anything yet. It's been roughly a week. My main concern is that we are positioning ourselves for an IPO -- the date of which is unknown to me. Depending on how the company does, I could stand to gain as long as the options are granted before the IPO. I'm certain the company is being genuine and there is no ill-will here. It's just nebulous. Other employees share my concerns. So, should I keep pressing them on this? Is it common practice to not include specifics for stock options in employment agreements? I doubt it would come to this, but do I have a case to demand options even if they weren't specifically outlined in my job offer, but offered verbally multiple times? If I am granted options, but they are a post-IPO strike price, would I have a case to demand a pre-IPO strike price? Or is it just up to the board's discretion, regardless of my hire date? Am I way overthinking this? Thank you in advance.  Stock options in a start up are complicated things and are granted with detailed terms and conditions. A verbal promise to give an undefined amount of stock options isn't worth anything. Your company is either grossly incompetent or intentionally screwing you. Your options are to get those grants in writing and/or quit if you aren't happy with your compensation.