 Hello, today I am 90% sure my boss' boss' boss commented on one of my reddit posts today. His account was his first name, last name initial, and the abbreviation of the corporation's name I work for. I commented on a post to a subreddit of a college a stones throw away from my job, I was telling someone to be careful of ticks. He commented "Pipe down, intern. You are talking too loud in your cube". I also realized he's commented on a comment I posted a week ago. He and I have since deleted our accounts, but I have screenshots of it. No idea if this constitutes doxxing, but my identify was never explicitly given away in any posts I made, and I am always very careful of what I post because i'm fully aware how easy it is to be doxxed. He must have dug very deep through my history to put the puzzle pieces of my identity together. I have yet to talk to hr, and I think I can look at my comment history by using internet archives if needed by a lawyer.  There is no privacy to things you post publicly. Lol, then you need to get off social media. Everyone does it, and not just on Reddit.  to me, it is.  Never used any company hardware, or internet to post anything on reddit. I only knew about the comment because both my work and personal email addresses use Gmail, therefore I checked my phone because it could have been a work related email.   's a massive breach of privacy to do such a thing You're participating on reddit at work. Maybe even on-the-clock. Using company equipment and internet, too? Nothing is private at work.  's a massive breach of privacy to do such a thing No, it's not. I'm pretty sure. No it was pretty vanilla from what I remember posting. Usually asking about career advice/giving helpful dieting advice etc. But it's a massive breach of privacy to do such a thing and i'd rather just work under someone else who doesn't snoop through swaths of comment history to identify someone like the creep that he apparently is It's not illegal Irrelevant, they can fire you for taking about work, or even for just having a Reddit account. You sure a coworker isn't just messing with you? Quitting your job over this is kind of the nuclear option, unless the post history was that bad or something. Doxxing isn't illegal. And telling you to get back to work through reddit is, tbh, pretty kind. Ah, well shit. Better find a new job then.  There is no legal issue whatsoever with your boss finding your reddit account, commenting on posts you make, or browsing your post history. Well I got the email about the comment being posted. I don't ever post during work hours.  Updated. Florida.  So to start with, doxxing isn't a crime. Next, this is not doxxing. Finally, this is not a crime. It's absolutly not illegal for your boss to know or find out your Reddit username and comment on stuff. If it bothers you, you can contact HR who will also be tasked with documenting that you were on Reddit during work.  We need your location, but I can't imagine there's a jurisdiction where doxxing is illegal And always keep in mind that HR exists to protect the company, not you, even if sometimes your interests intersect Talk to hr about what? Doxxing isn't a crime. 