 I live in BC, Canada. The bathtub in our master bedroom hasn't been draining properly since we moved in about 6 months ago, which we have tried to fix ourselves on multiple occasions, until last weekend when it stopped draining entirely. We tried plunging the drain, but its pretty evident that the clog is deep down there and too massive to be pulled out with a plunger. We first contacted our landlord about it last Sunday, told him the problem and he said he would deal with it. It's now been a week, and he has told all of us (6 people living here) different days that the plumber would be arriving. It's always "he's on his way" or "he'll be there tomorrow, or the next day. Oh he didn't show up? well he should be there the day after then." It's pretty obvious he has not contacted the plumber at all. This is not nearly the first time we've had plumbing problems here either. We weren't able to use our kitchen sink for over a week last month, couldn't run the dishwasher, couldn't do laundry, all because of issues with plumbing. Is there anything we can do to get him to actually deal with this? It's illegal here for us to withhold any rent, but he clearly just doesn't want to pay for a plumber.  Thank you! This is very helpful. We will be hiring the plumber ourselves I think. Its not reasonable for you to not have a bathtub or kitchen sink or be unable to do laundry. Those count as emergencies. For all of these issues, including your current one, if the landlord doesn't deal with it in a timely way (we're talking a day or two, a week at the outside if the plumber can't come right away, not a month) you can hire a plumber yourself, then ask the tribunal at the Residential Tenancy Branch to order the landlord to reimburse you if the landlord won't reimburse you on . Next time there's a regular maintenance issue (say slow drainage), don't let it go on so long. You can also make an application to the tribunal to order the landlord to do maintenance. See []() Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.