 A professor at my university kept sexually harassing and assaulting students. His course was mandatory, so after he propositioned me I stopped going to lectures and told my counselor. My counselor told the school even though I didn't want to file harassment complaints. They summoned me to the department office, interrogated me, determined that there wasn't a problem, and threatened me with legal action if I ever told anyone associated with the school. They said I wasn't even allowed to speak to the school legal clinic or my parents (because they were alumni). They did nothing when he decided to confess to the dean of his own accord, and continued to place him in one-on-one advisor roles with multiple female students. The only reason I know this is because the professor posted a long note on Facebook, listing everyone he had wronged, then killed himself. He was well liked, and I was the one who initially reported him. I managed to organize with some of the other women he harassed/assaulted to start a support group at the school counselor, so I'm not alone, but I've been shunned in the department. The school says it's all confidential, but he had a lot of facebook friends. I know people saw it because I had a drink thrown in my face by a classmate who called me a murderer, the department head has gone from friendly to ice-cold, and one of my favourite professors has suddenly revoked their offer to write my grad school recommendation letter. I feel awful about how all this played out. I wish my school had taken the reports seriously- they could have limited his access to potential victims, or directed him towards some help/ counseling. I did poorly in that course, feel like a pariah in the department, and the psychological impact of being forced to deal with a predatory professor, having my complaints ignored, then being blamed for the death of a predator, has been pretty heavy. I see a therapist and I'm doing well, but therapy is expensive and I'm a student. Do I have a case for emotional damages or something? I'm working on healing and I'm trying to finish the semester strong but I feel like this was royally botched by everyone involved. TLDR: My university botched a sexual harassment complaint I didn't want to make, I'm being blamed for the perpetrator's death, and things are generally not good. Can I do anything?  Get a lawyer. Your case is complicated. Most first time visits are free for them to review.