 I’m going to preface this with the fact that I have no idea about any legal matters or Child Protection Services. In fact, Reddit probably isn’t the best place to get legal advice, but I’m getting desperate and want to help. Both me and my friend, let’s call them K, are seniors in high school but not 18 yet. We’ve been close and have our own group of friends. However, around sophomore year K was diagnosed with POTS, a condition that makes them have an irregular heartbeat and causes them to have seizures, as well as making it hard to function some days. This usually happens with excessive physical excursions such as sitting down and standing up multiple times in a short time span, as well as having general seizure triggers like bright lights and loud sounds. This has made coming to school difficult for them. Thankfully, the school and it’s teachers are understanding and are offering extra help for them. It’s their mother that’s the problem. She doesn’t believe K and thinks that K is just faking it to get out of school, even though they’ve gone to multiple doctors about it. K has had multiple seizures at school that I’ve had to help them out with and I’m worried for their health. They’ve been out of school for the week and have been expressing concerns of their mother forcing them to come. Today, K showed up halfway through the day looking like they were on the verge of another seizure and dead tired. K has also expressed concerns about her mother showing abusive tendencies before, mainly forcing K on a diet that they didn’t need (they were 1 pound above their recommended weight, their mother forced them to stop eating and shamed them for it) as well as restricting their access to the outside world (she’s one of those kinds of parents.). Overall, I’m not sure how to handle this. I’m sure we could make a case to CPS for abuse, and we have viable places for K to safely live with people who know how to handle her seizures. The main problem is that we’re still minors and don’t have any experience with legal matter. If anyone could offer any advice that would be helpful and I hope things will end up well for us. POTS does not cause seizures, so something else is going on with your friend. It's clear that you care about her a great deal, but nothing you've described would justify removing her from her family home. I know it's hard to live with symptoms that cause fatigue, and also to feel invalidated by her mother. I genuinely think counseling or a support group for young people with health issues might help. I can understand that. But really the bottom line is Ks mom could wind up facing charges if K does not attend school. Truancy is a real thing. If K is enrolled, K needs to be there, or if there are days K is that bad off then they need to go to their DR to get a note. At a certain point the school will report being tardy/absent. In some states this can even cause suspension of Ks learners permit/license if they have one.  K has not given their mom a reason to distrust them. I should have included that in the post, but K isn’t a bad person, quite the opposite. K’s mother just doesn’t like the fact that K is sick, and K has told me that during their seizures that their mother tries to move them in painful ways. K has no reason to lie to their mother, especially after being diagnosed with this by doctors. The problem is K's mother could face legal trouble for K missing too much school. Unless homeschool is an option or the parent will allow dropping out, K needs to be in school. There is likely a history that makes Ks mother believe so much of this is being faked or an exaggeration to be honest. None of this seems to fall under neglect or abuse.  Neglect would definitely be what I’d call this. Rather than be concerned about their condition, K’s mother didn’t take any action. K was the one who had to convince their mother to take them to the doctor the first time they had a seizure (suprise, she thought K was faking that one too). K didn’t need a diet for being 1 pound over their BMI, they’re tiny so it sways the data a bit. There was no special documentation given to the school board, the teachers were kind enough to work with K themselves. K should specifically talk to the counselor about the abuse at the hands of her mother, and less so about the schoolwork. It doesn't sound like any of this rises to the level of her being removed from her mother's care. Call CPS if you consider her to be abused or neglected. But what I read here is that she was taken to a doctor for diagnosis, she is receiving treatment because of it, she informed the school with proper documentation so that special consideration can be taken by teachers, sends her to school, and she is concerned about her nutrition.  K has already spoken with the school counselor and that’s why they don’t have to worry about schoolwork too much. K should speak to a school counselor. 