 Since they are government administrations, wouldn’t a public school not be able to censor the internet because that would be government censorship of the media! My county provides free wifi at their parks and they censor it as well. They ban sites based on key word, one of my friends was bitching about it because they blocked a fanfiction prompting meme because it had "kink" in the address. Friend is 30 and the county didn't care. They're allowed to because of federal law since they also provide rental tablets for kids in the summer. [deleted] Yes, they can. Because they're a school and the internet connection is for educational purposes. They can restrict access/sites visited the same way they can keep you from raiding the AV lab and watching daytime TV all day. That some students are 18 doesn't matter in the slightest.  Most public schools in the U.S. are not only allowed but REQUIRED to do so. The Children's Internet Protect Act of 2000 (CIPA) requires K-12 schools and libraries that take advantage of discounted internet access through the Universal Service Fund (so-called E-Rate) to certify annually that they have in place an internet policy with "technology protection measures" that block access to obscene, pornographic, or other materials deemed injurious to youth. The law does require that librarians or teachers disable the filters for bona-fide research or for adults. The law's constitutionality was upheld by the Supreme Court in regard to public libraries in [United States v. American Library Association](%27n). That's precisely why they have to conform to CIPA. Not only can they, They are required by Federal Law to do so. It's called the [Children's Internet Protection Act.]() And yes, it's already been upheld by the Supreme Court. Cities can limit where people park on roads, and that's taxpayer money. Cities can limit the times which people can visit public parks, and that's taxpayer money. Cities can regulate what police are and are not able to do, and that's taxpayer money. [removed] Is there a legitimate educational need that is not being met because of this?  But isn’t that taxpayer money? Primary school or university/college? Not sure it makes a difference. With primary schools, censoring or filtering their internet connection, potentially out of concern for the educational curriculum, is a-ok. In China, they have a highly censored internet across the country. If you mean the US, its somewhat unconstitutional, but the courts have generally sided with schools with regards to administering a safe learning environment. So blocking inappropriate sites would not.It's not really worth your time or money trying to pursue this. If you mean limiting your access to certain websites, they can... particularly sites with adult content. Yes, a school is allowed to block content that is not age or setting appropriate. Lol. Yes schools can limit internet that they pay for. 