 I am engaged. Fiance and I do not wish to sign a prenup as we will be making similar incomes and plan to keep separate bank accounts after marriage anyways with one joint account we will contribute to for bills to come out of. I am going to receive a sizable inheritance when my grandparents pass away that will include money and likely rental properties. Is there a way that I can protect my inheritance in the event of a divorce without signing a prenup? We are located in Canada. Fiance is aware of future inheritance and willing to sign a prenup if I want that but we both think that as a young couple with not a lot of savings right now that there are better things we can spend money on or save for than an expensive legal document. Appreciate any advice! Okay good to know. Thank you for all your help (:   Provincial differences unexplored, contracts are contracts. More important than when they're signed is how well you can prove both parties were well-informed of what they were signing, and that they signed voluntarily. Appreciate the reply and wanted to acknowledge that my wording wasn't great. I totally understand the importance of signing a prenuptial while we are doing well. I was just curious if there are other routes for protecting the inheritance. I had read a bit about what you first mentioned about not being divisible unless spent on something for both parties. Are post nuptials as effective as prenuptials?  Keeping separate bank accounts, and how you choose to pay the bills has nothing to do with whether the money you earn becomes a marital asset.  A post nuptial will protect it as well as a prenuptial would?  IANAL in Canada: The easiest way to do this without you spending money on it is to ask your grandparents to pay for your lawyer in lieu of a present. It might not be romantic, but you have a potential mid six to seven figure asset that needs to be protected. At worst, there are sites with prefilled forms that you could potentially use. I have no idea whether these are valid in Canada, though, and this is the type of thing where a US form or a form for a different Canadian province might well not work. Realistically, you could potentially also keep costs down by signing a prenup specifically limited only to the inheritance. But if you’re getting a prenup I would strongly recommend you do the whole package. Family law is provincial. In many provinces, inheritances are not a divisible asset (unless you spend them on something that is, with tricky rules). Respect for your current situation and my near-complete ignorance of it, but you're wrong. You buy this hoping you won't need it, and the time to do it is now while you're still peaceful. Get a post nuptial agreement once you inherit it.