 Could an adult in the USA get in legal trouble for writing sexually explicit messages back and forth with a friend of theirs who is 16 years old and resides in Ireland? Does the state that the adult resides in affect the answer to that question? Could the adult get in legal trouble if they went to the country of Ireland, based on those chats? Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Incorrect Subreddit Hypothetical and general legal discussions belong in /r/legaladviceofftopic. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I haven't thought much about this person's parents, no. Are the parents somehow related to the legality of the situation? Who are you referring to as "dude" and who are you referring to as "girl" and why are you using those words? Is getting my ass kicked by the person's parent against the law? I'm unclear as to how that is relevant to the legal aspect of the situation. I'm here just for information regarding the legality of the hypothetical situation. Do you have any insight to share on that aspect of the situation? Then you are truly blind 2. It's just my intuition. I've heard of catfishing but don't know what it is first-hand. I read a little about it just now and it doesn't seem to match up with this situation to me. 1. See my comment in this thread that I posted before this one. 2. Come on, how can you not believe that this is a scam? Do you not know what catfishing is? Dude come on. Even if what you are talking about is legal under both US and Irish law, have you thought about this "girls" parents? Doing this sounds like a good way to get your ass kicked by the "girls" father.  1. The intent behind this post was to gain a better understanding of the law in order to prevent breaking it. 2. What aspect(s) sound like a scam or prank? Could the adult face negative legal repercussions for traveling internationally to visit the 16 year old in Ireland, with whom they had sexual textual exchanges, to eat pizza, go for a hike, watch a movie, and not have sex? Could the adult face negative legal repercussions for having sexual textual exchanges with the minor if they never meet and do not share pictures of themselves? If no photos were exchanged of their bodies does that affect their ability to be charged in both locations? If the two were to meet in Ireland, eat pizza, go for a hike, watch a movie, and not have sex is there any issue? Mostly words. Some pictures were exchanged. The 16 year old in Ireland sent a picture of their floor, no parts of their body was in the picture. The adult sent pictures of a pretty view on their way to work, a blurry picture of the moon. a picture of a snowy field, and a few others like that. No part of their body was in any picture sent. 1. This subreddit will not help you break the law. 2. This sounds like a scam or someone pulling a prank on you.  It could certainly be seen (and charged as) encouraging the sexual performance of a minor in many places. We really love to convict pedophiles and are finding better ways to do it each day. If any photos were exchanged, the individual could be charged in both locations. If the minor is ever brought to the US or the adult travels to the Ireland for sex, the adult will be convicted of a sexual tourism charge and spend a long while in prison.  Could you face negative legal repercussions for travelling overseas to have sex with a minor? The age of consent in Ireland is 17, btw.  Were the chats just words or were there pictures involved?