 So for the past 2+ years I have been living with and paying all of my mothers housing mortgage. It started after she lost her full time job. She would have lost her house due to having no other children nor a spouse. The issue is basically she states I cannot have a dog even though I pay for her house. I’m wondering if she can legally do anything if I bring one home. I know she would be pissed, but I’m at the point I want a dog to care for since I don’t want children.  [deleted] What he's saying: If you pay for the house, you should own a piece of the house. Your name should be on the deed (the paper that says who owns the house). Edit: I'm not sure I agree though. Like someone else said, you're paying rent to your mom, and she's paying the mortgage with that rent. If you wanted to actually own a house, normally you'd have to come up with a downpayment. Just because you can pay rent doesn't mean you should own the house. That's between you and her. Don't keep paying the mortgage without getting an ownership interest. If she won't give you at least partial ownership, go buy your own house for your own dog. You can let your mother liver there if you want. [deleted] Abuse / neglect of an animal is a misdemeanor in MD, KILLING the dog would be a felony. Remember that if she kicks you out you have no obligation to keep paying her mortgage  Thank you so much for your response!  If she abused an animal you could report her to the authorities for animal abuse. If she killed or gave away the animal you could sue her for the cost of the dog, as dogs are personal property so all you could recover would be the cost of the dog. I'm assuming you're an adult. + years I have been living with and paying all of my mothers housing mortgage. Correction: you have been paying rent to your mother, who has been paying her mortgage with it. That's true even if the money went directly from your bank account to her lender. Like any other tenant, you're liable to have your tenancy terminated either if you breach your tenancy agreement, or if you're month-to-month or at-will, at any time. There are requirements about how much notice you're owed, but a no-fault termination in Maryland would only get you 30 days at most to find another home. Plus in a location where the landlord lives the protections of the fair housing act generally fall away. So while I cannot advertise that I won’t let someone of a specific religion live with me, I can ask questions about it and can discriminate against people based on religion. Edit - so I didn’t finish my initial thought. Because animals can be protected under the fair housing act as emotional support animals if a doctor or psychologist says they are necessary for emotional heath. At that point they must be given reasonable accommodations, which normally involves waiver of a no pets rule. She would need to legally evict you but can do so for anything that's not protected by law, regardless of if you are paying, so long as the lease is in her name. Having a dog is not protected by law, like race, religion, etc.