 Hey Guys, My Mother and her former employer of 13 years have recently parted ways, and due to recent events I believe we should be preparing ourselves for a potentially lengthy legal battle. I will start from the beginning and do my best to give an un-biased account, however I will have to keep certain details vague. I know state does impact these situations heavily, so I will say that this all takes place in Illinois. For the last year or so my Mother have had a rocky relationship. This is in stark contrast to the decade preceding. \~2 weeks ago everything came to a head and her boss officially terminated her, after trying to goad her into resigning. Following the termination he offered to pay out the rest of the pay period (2 days) and her remaining vacation (3 days - which is vastly understated, more detail here later). Given the 13 years of service she felt she deserved a little more and counter offered with 4 weeks severance pay and that he not contest her unemployment if she were unable to find a new job in timely manner. Now here is where things will start to get interesting, but also why I felt the need to ask the advice of others. My mothers former employer works in an industry that, like many others, has a fair amount of government regulation in order to prevent exploitation, and there is a laundry list of rules and regulations that must be followed. As with anything there is bending the rules, and there is out right breaking them. Her former employer has out right broken rules on a number of occasions, and any single one of these would be enough to strip his license and essentially collapse the business, should they come to light. In one such scenario my mother caught in processing and brought to his attention, saying she would be uncomfortable complying with the request. He went ahead and did it anyway. She kept, and still has, a file with all the evidence needed to prove the fraud. And because they were having a not-so-amicable separation she hinted at this at the end of her counter offer. Not sure this was the strongest play, but knowing my mother I'm sure she was thinking that he'd simply back down and give her what she wanted so that they could go their separate ways quietly.... Nope! Several days later she received an email from an attorney's assistant. The attached letter is a request for a large sum of money citing Payroll Fraud. She was responsible for the company payroll for several years up until the very end. The letter goes on to explain that nearly 2 full years ago my mother adjusted her payroll rate, and because of this they wanted back pay. So what exactly happened? I'll explain! My father also works full time and has access to better benefits through his employer. In 2017 his employer announced that anyone with a spouse covered that also had access to insurance through their own employer would receive a penalty through increased contribution. The situation at the time would have left my parent's subject to the penalty as my mother's employer did offer group health insurance to full time employees. Easiest solution? Make my mother benefit ineligible. To accomplish this end she adjusted her rate in the payroll system to reflect a higher rate, and subsequently recording fewer hours. Zero change in net pay, but no longer eligible for the company benefits. All of this was approved by her employer (unfortunately only verbally). And if I understand it correctly having her benefit ineligible is mutually beneficial to both her and the company. Did my mother actually do something actionable here, or is he just going out of his way to be malicious? I'm inclined to think the latter, but obviously I am biased in that regard. Nor am I an Attorney. My immediate thoughts are that because he has Lawyered up that she needs to do the same. Sooner rather than later. No further communication, or negotiation on her own. I know she wants to talk it out with her boss, come to an agreement and be done with it, but I don't think that is going to happen. I am doing my best to convince her to start talking to an Attorney. Any advise on the best way to Navigate this sticky situation is greatly appreciated! What are we looking at?  They would be treated as separate issues in the eyes of the law. What she did was wrong and the company certainly sounds like they have ground for a case. Also if your fathers insurance catches wind of this they could certainly go after both of your parents for committing insurance fraud. Now if she has information of illegal things occurring that would need the be processed in a separate manner.  Both side would have consequences to their actions. It is not as if their bad choices cancel eachother out. If your mother defrauded the insurance company or her place of employment, she could be ordered to pay. She can go to the authorities or governing body of the business and give them the info she has and they might take action against the company. I probably could have phrased it better, but I wanted this to be unbiased and if this comes off as blackmail to strangers, than its better to be prepared for it. The phrasing was in actuality far more ambiguous and more of a "let's just work this out". Certainly nothing on paper. That's fine, I'm not trying to argue against it. But I am trying to figure out how "I'm going to turn you in for your illegal activities unless you do X" - like okay it's illegal, but does her breaking the law here transfer all the illegal shit he did to her? Because that is how people are acting, and I just don't get that. Your OP makes it sound like she threatened to turn him in if he didn't give her a good severance package. That she wanted payment in exchange for her silence. So threatening to turn someone in, who has done something illegal is blackmail. I'd love to argue against that, but that's not for me to say, so lets run with it. Now that both parties have done illegal things; How does this play out in a court of law? Don't get me wrong, I am, have been, and will continue pushing for an Attorney. I'm simply trying to get an idea of exactly the kind of what we need to be prepared for. Thank you so much for your replies. Your mother adjusted Payroll to make it look like she was ineligible for benefits - but what she put in Payroll was incorrect and she really is benefit eligible. She did this to avoid paying the fee she was required to pay. That is fraud. Not to mention the blackmail/extortion from the beginning of your post. She needs a lawyer ASAP. If that's the attitude fine, but this is a game where both sides have played stupid games and will likely be receiving stupid prizes. She may have done something silly by hinting at blackmail (again - nothing explicit was said), but if the shoe drops he loses everything overnight. Perhaps I understated that. To me it seems that the only amicable solution would be for her former boss to call off the lawyer and settle it personally. I'm not sure how likely that is to happen. Safe to say that if that if that doesn't happen both could suffer heavy losses, or is she somehow more responsible? Can someone explain her fraud more explicitly to me? It was my understanding that my Father's employer imposed the penalty that they were skirting, but I'm not sure how this translates to insurance fraud through payroll. What protections are there for whistle blowers? Again, I don't want to go into specifics too much, and I'm sure the lawyer will be more keen on this, but if she were to dump the info she has, I think she might qualify. I'm sure it could be leveraged to her advantage (legally or otherwise), but I'm not sure how. Should they be treated as separate issues? All the parameter's here were set by the employer's, not the insurance company or government. Unless I am misunderstanding. How does that qualify as Insurance fraud? If the fraud is that she is appearance of Part Time over Full Time wouldn't the employer be equally as culpable? Play stupid games like attempt to blackmail someone to get better severance, and win stupid prizes, like an investigation into insurance fraud. Mom needs to cease all communication with her former employer and retain a lawyer ASAP. She absolutely needs a lawyer on this. If she's being served, she needs someone on her side to defend her in the suit. This is not a DIY situation. And she needs to stop communicating with the old boss, and anything further would need to be done between the lawyers. Sounds to me she adjusted her pay rate and hours in order to commit insurance fraud... I’d suggest she lawyer up and get ready for a hell of a ride. 