  Yo-Yo Fraud is when a dealership lets you take a car on favorable terms, THEN calls you in to change those terms so they are more favorable to them - i.e. they MAKE MORE! To make this short and sweet, a well known dealership on the west side of Portland Oregon area just swindled a family member. Here are some facts: \- Went into dealership to return leased vehicle. Knew they would owe about $3,500 per dealer. \- While waiting, allowed sales person to take them on test drive of other vehicles.(I know, not smart) \- Bought new vehicle.(what you going to do...not the issue) Here is where it blew up: \- 3 days later sales person calls and said you have to come back and sign new paperwork, the financing did not go through, need to sign for higher rate asap. \- Family member arrives, with spouse present, demanded leased car back OR to pay $3,500 owned and walk away. \- Sales person refused, stated only option is to sign new contact "What you want my manager to come in on Friday just to tell you the same thing? \[apparently no manager on site that day\] So what do you want?" Family member said "I want my old car." \- After over an hour of ignoring my family member request for car back and refusal of new car, they were led to believe they legally had to sign...so they did(I don't know why they didn't call me!!) .....clarity on how: "so you are telling me this is my only legal choice is to sign these papers?" and he handed the pen over but selectively did not say "yes". This is word for word the last thing said by my family member to be able to leave. Opinion: THE DEALERSHIP COMMITTED FRAUD BY A) not informing or presenting clear options/rights B) since in person did not at the time of present the keys to old car C) and refusing to comply with consumer request to unwind the transaction and have car back Opinion: THE DEALERSHIP USED COERCION BY A) willfully and knowingly withholding rights and B) refusing to let them speak to manager on site while being asked to stay in office till they signed new paperwork MY QUESTION: It has been 3 days, they have not driven the car other than to home, and actual location managerpersonally called to say they still have to give new tires, clear coat, and the 2nd set of keys - all promised in deal! .....how can I help them make the dealership take the car back? Social media? News reporters? ...lawyer is obvious, but costly. Agreed, thank you. I will post updates next week after consult.  Basically yes, the issue is going to be proof. You'd be trying to invalidate an otherwise valid contract; that's not an easy thing to do, generally. Your best bet is to do a consult with a local lawyer, to see if there's anything you can use.  I found a lawyer for my family member to go see. Why do people call you AFTER they sign things?!?! I am so angry for the con + its family.... The thing that may possibly help is that the location manager is calling to finish the 3 things that remain (tires, clear coat, and 2nd key's)...so maybe there is hope they do the right thing. I also called the local paper, and maybe a reporter calling them for comment will motivate? Who knows, but dealerships are accused of a lot of things, this may be a drop in the bucket. I am new to reddit, so thanks for the info on media. As for the link, great stuff, thank you! Here is what I found (and I tried to post it but a moderator bot removed it?)...anyway, by the law, they were completely wrong....but proving it is the problem. I laugh, because that is probably ALWAYS the problem! OAR 137-020-0020 (3)(z): (z) Anti-Bushing Rule - In any transaction in which the dealer or broker has spot delivered a vehicle to a consumer and the consumer does not qualify for the terms offered, the dealer or broker shall, prior to offering, negotiating or entering into new terms for the purchase or lease of a vehicle: (A) Inform the consumer that the consumer is entitled to have all items of value received from the consumer as part of the transaction, including any trade-in and down payment, returned to the consumer;(B) If the consumer is physically present when the dealer or broker informs the consumer that the consumer does not qualify for the terms offered, return all items of value received from the consumer as part of the transaction; and (C) If the dealer or broker informs a consumer by telephone or other means, without the consumer present, that the consumer did not qualify for the terms offered, clearly disclose the consumer's right to receive the immediate return of all items of value given by the consumer as part of the transaction when the consumer returns the spot delivered vehicle. Simply informing a consumer of the consumer's right to get back his/her down payment and trade-in and having the consumer sign a waiver or rescission form, without the actual ability for the consumer to have his/her down payment back and take possession of his/her trade-in, does not comply with ORS 646.877 . The consumer's down payment and trade-in must be actually available to the consumer should the consumer wish to rescind the transaction and not enter into a new transaction. If a consumer has paid a down payment with a check, the dealer is not required to refund the down payment until the consumer's check has cleared. OFFICIAL COMMENTARY: This rule clarifies the Oregon "Anti-bushing" statute, ORS 646.877 , so that dealers and brokers clearly understand its requirements. This statute gives both dealers and consumers specific rights when it is necessary to unwind a spot delivery transaction. While the statute clearly states "the seller shall return to the buyer all items of value received from the buyer as part of the transaction," many dealers and brokers do not actually give or even offer the consumer the down payment and trade-in back before the dealer or broker tries to get the consumer to sign a new contract. Many dealers and brokers do not even have the down payment or trade-in readily available when they inform the consumer that the consumer needs to enter into a new contract. Simply offering to return the items of value and having a consumer agree to rescind the prior deal is not in compliance with the statute. The consumer has an absolute right to walk away from the deal if the original offer is not going to be honored. Without having actual ability to take possession of the trade-in and down payment, the seller has the ability to pressure a consumer into entering into a less favorable contract and has an uneven bargaining position. Having a refund check presently available and giving the consumer his/her keys with the trade-in vehicle immediately available is necessary for compliance. Signing the new agreement is where they probably lost the ability to fight this. This may wind up being an expensive lesson on not signing things without being careful, which I know isn't a thing they'll feel good about hearing. That said, this post has links to some relevant statutes that could potentially help: Edited to add: No one on here will recommend going to the media. It's a gamble without advice from legal representation and is against the subs posted rules.  Your family member can take their purchase agreements (both the first one and the one they later signed) to a lawyer to review, but it's unlikely they have any real recourse here. Ultimately it depends on what they signed though. [removed]