 r/MensRightsMarriage/Children Concerns about the future u/Illicit888 Hey guys, I'm in a difficult situation. Me and my ex had our daughter in October. We live in idaho, she lives with her parents, she has no job, no car, nothing. My ex is completely psychotic and narcissistic. During the pregnancy, she would always threaten me when we argued that she would never let me see my daughter, ban me from the hospital, all kinds of horrible things. She tried beating herself and calling the cops saying I did it. I have recordings on my phone of her saying how sorry she is and 'it'll never happen again' refering to herself as a crazy bitch an such and crying begging for me back. I have text messages printed out of her threatening to move to California to avoid me establishing my parental rights. She has 1 year clean off meth but still smokes weed, I have 2 years clean off everything. I have a car, a steady job and my own place. Her first child her parents have taken care of him, her 2nd child she used meth the whole pregnancy and gave him up for adoption, now theres our daughter. I ended up being at the hospital but having to act like I want to be with her to see my daughter. Ever since I've been having to act to be a part of my daughters life. I hired a lawyer to write up a parenting plan giving us both joint legal and joint physical custody of her. I got her to sign it and it gives me every single weekend, rotating holidays and such. I got screenshots of her messenger account of her asking her friend to lie and say I beat her and her friend says she'll say anything she wants her to say. I've completed 1 inpatient treatment and 1 outpatient treatment, shes never completed treatment at all. I have screenshots of her telling me how good of a Dad I am and all kinds of things good, but this is because I'm acting as if I wanna be with her which I don't. I'm really going through alot of stress because of this and I'm just wondering what you guys think. I save all my receipts of everything I buy for my daughter and I continue to document everything. I see my daughter once a week for 2 nights in a row with her mother. Her mother made me take out significant amounts of time with my daughter until the parenting plan starts in March. She only would sign 10 minutes a week up until then. How do you think a judge would see all this? I'm not asking for legal advice, I'm asking just how you guys see it? I'm doing my part as best as I can. Any suggestions? There is alot more I have documented I left out because it would take alot longer to lay the rest out but it's stuff in my favor. To be clear, I think that her moving to California would be a good thing for you. California courts, on average, will grant you more time with your child than Idaho courts. You already have a lawyer. What you need is to upgrade from a private agreement with her to a court-ordered parenting plan that ensures your rights.