 I'm currently a mechanic for a large national automotive corporation that shall not be named for my protection sake. On 3 consecutive occasions they've only given me half of my paycheck. The first time was a little over a month ago, I was being transferred from one location to another and they failed to notice I had only been signed off on my hours at one location thus voiding any at the new one. I was compensated later for about $100 less than I was expecting but figured maybe I just lost a few hours here and there so I blew it off. The following week it happened again, only half my paycheck. I called my manager and area director both of which acted clueless and said they'd figure it out. ONCE AGAIN I was short about $100 and was compensated almost 2 weeks after this. I explained to them I had late fees and needed them to pay for that to which they played off saying that the next paycheck should cover it. Funny enough the following paycheck was the exact same situation, the only difference is that I caught it immediately and notified both my manager and area director again. Again nothing was really done except a lot of acting like they cared. I'm worried this will happen again and would like to sue for the remainder of my paycheck, do I have any legal standing in court? Don't go to court, make a wage complaint through your state's department of labor. You might or might not give your boss a heads up that you are doing this, that you need your full pay to work and it's now been 3 paychecks in a row and you want to make sure things move along. You can reassure them that you will of course withdraw the complaint once the problem is corrected. It would be illegal for them to fire you for pursuing your rights under the law. You will need to be clear about what you claim the employer is doing wrong here. Are they paying you the wrong hourly rate? Are they not paying you for all the hours you worked? What is the exact discrepancy? Have they paid anything extra to make up for earlier underpayments at all?  You didn't list your state but your next step would be to 1) send a certified return receipt requested letter to your employer demanding all money you think you are owed..including the $100 you've given up on. 2) report to your state department of labor these shortfalls, include any documentation. The third step would be a lawsuit, but typically state DOLs don't play around, so hopefully you won't have to resort to that. Read up on wage theft always for your state and go on from there. 