 This is going to be somewhat winded. Ill do my best to keep it short. I rented a home from a gentleman that was doing business as an LLC about 6 years ago. Deposit was 1625, same as the rent. In the first 2 years everything was fine, no real issues, anything that popped up he was fairly quick to resolve. One thing that threw me was that he often told me verbally or through email to pay out of pocket for things and then just deduct from rent (i never felt comfortable with this as it would look like partial rent payments) so I i would typically handle things myself. A tree in the front yard blew over in the wind, so instead of paying out of pocket and getting reimbursed I just chainsawed it into pieces for firewood, and threw the rest into the forest behind the home. Fast forward to 3 years in. The master bathroom toilet broke and flooded while i was at work. It took 3-4 months for repairs to be complete, this was the fault of the toilet as we were told by a plumber that the American Standard toilets are the absolute worst toilets you can buy. During the 3-4 months I was stuck will an astronomical power bill each month while the industrial dehumidifiers were running to prevent black mold. When i asked the landlord about reimbursement for the electric bills (~300 a month) I was told to talk to the insurance company, which led nowhere as I was not the policyholder or the homeowner. After the flooding was cleared up I was notified by the landlord that he would be offloading the property to a property management company. The price immediately jumped from 1625 to 1800 in the first year. As well as additional monies due for the security deposit to match. I was given a new contract and sent a "move in checklist" which I did not fill out when i first moved into the property 4 years prior. Landlord lived out of town and just gave us the code without doing a walkthrough. In the 3 additional years I lived there under the propery management company the rent raised to 2k, deposit to match. I had 2 other issues, one electrical and one where the water main broke. The property management company had both fixed but again i was not reimbursed for the 48 hours of gushing water, or the devices that were destroyed when the power surged (kinda understandable on this one). I gave my notice mid september that I would be moving out mid october but knew my lease wasnt up until november 1. I had no problems abiding by the lease and paying throug the month of october. I let the property management company know that i was planning on being out of the house mid october and moved into my new home. At first there was a back and forth about payment which i assured him i planned on paying. At this time he listed the home on the market for rent. He had people wanting to visit three days after i notified him i was planning on moving. I hadnt had a chance to clean or fix the little things like patching holes, repainting. He said it wouldnt be a problem and that if he could rent the place early I would be reimbursed for the remainder of the month. Clearly this is a positive so I reluctantly agreed and spent the next two days day and night getting the place in order. I had planned on being at home on saturday when he had the couple of people coming by to check the place out but was called into the office for an emergency outage. While gone I was being alerted by my Nest doorbell that it saw 10 unknown faces. Upon inspecting my doorbell logs and my internal camera logs (i had 4 cameras inside to watch my epilectic dog while at work) I noticed that the initially mentioned "few people" was really an open house where the property manager stood in the front room and let people walk through the home. When i returned home i learned that my apple watch had been swiped. Unfortunately my camera wasnt at an angle to catch anyone taking it off my nightstand, just caught the groups of people entering and exiting my bedroom. I confronted the property manager and was basically told tough luck, it was my responcibility. He lied about staying with people which i was able to prove with the camera footage. In the end i emailed the landlord and was offered to split the cost. Shitty but I accepted just to finish and get away from these people. Fast forward to October 15th (middle of the month and my originally planned on move out date) I received a text from the property manager asking if i was moved out because he wanted to get the painters and cleaners in so that his new tenant could move in on Nov 1st. He would reimburse me if i was able to get out quickly. I still had a lot of cleaning to do at which point he told me not to worry about it as he had a cleaning service that charged by the hour and he could just take it out of the deposit. I asked how much he expected but he refused to give a ballpark or quote. I continue to do my best to get everything cleaned and the few remaining items out of the garage by the 17th which was the day he said he needed to get the painters in. I had left a couple items in the garage, some small items like plungers, trashcans and toilet brushes in the bathroom. I told him i was planning on picking the stuff up, but he said he could take care of it. Im all in about 2880 (Deposit of 2k plus prorated rent of 880) I receive a check in the mail for 880.00 for reimbursment with an email following with a very generic breakdown of charges. Credits $1625.00 - Security Deposit $250.00 - Pet Deposit $903.23 - Prorated October Rent $2778.23 - Total Credits Debits $575.00 - Cleaning $915.98 - Maintenance $307.09 - Carpet Cleaning $100.00 - Dump Fees $1898.07 - Total Debits I contacted a property lawyer and was told the best bet was to use washingtons tenant/landlord resources to try and resolve this ammicably. I emailed the property manager disputing multiple charges and originally tried to negotiate. He offered me .5 hours reimbursed of his handmans time. Which would ammount to 50.00. I declined and stated that many of the items he was charging me for were either preexisting things or items he agreed to handle for me, instead of letting me pick them up. There were a few items that i knew i was in the wrong about and agreed to pay. He declined and stated that I had his offer and since we had a signed contract as well as a walkthrough list (from almost 4 years in) that I had no ground to stand on. I used Washingtons boiler plate template to dispute the charges via certified mail 2 weeks ago but have not received a response from the homeowner or the property manager. At this point I am looking for advice on how to proceed. Also if i do continue my plan of taking this to small claims do I subpoena the land lord or the property manager. I only have the landlords PO Box which is where i sent the rent check each month. TLDR - Landlord and Property manager are trying to screw me out of nearly 2k after I moved out. Claiming cleaning fees, disposal fees and repair work were the root cause. I left the house in great condition but failed to document it as such. I agreed there were some things i could have left in better shape (screw holes and what not) but knew that the landlord was going to repaint anyway. Now it looks like my only option is to sue. Great thanks You will have trouble getting a response due to your post length. If you feel you are owed more of your deposit back, file in small claims. Let a judge sort it out.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.