 On the way to work in Hartford: rainy, a car slammed its brakes, the car behind did the same. Rush hour, I slammed my brakes, my antilocks kicked in and I watched myself crash into the car in front of me. My 2004 Accord was totalled, the others looked untouched! Thankfully, no one was hurt. Took 30 minutes for an officer to come. Cop took our quick narratives, ended up giving me a ticket. We all know that if you hit someone from behind you're screwed. I truly feel like I'm getting the shaft in this situation. I'm a careful driver and try to maintain a safe distance when driving but this was a situation where reasonable distance is quickly cut off by other drivers. I know I wasn't speeding because I was very early for work. I'm almost fifty with a spotless driving record. Is there anything I can can do to possibly have this ticket dismissed? My car was paid off and now I have a monthly ticket (car payment). Thank you for your help/input!!! I am sorry, but you are exceedingly guilty, OP. There is literally no defense for you in this situation, since the crash clearly proves you were following too closely. 'm getting the shaft in this situation. The person who truly got the shaft was the driver whose car you slammed from behind - THEY were driving safely and got hit by a careless driver. And trust me, if your car was totalled, the car you hit got damaged pretty well too. If you want to minimize the impact this will have, retain a traffic attorney. But understand they will be working to minimize the legal damage, not get you acquited.  [removed] If weather is inclement, then you drive slow enough to maintain control of your vehicle and keep longer than usual distance from the car in front of you. That's the takeaway here. I get it. The point I was trying to make is that the situation was extraordinary in that keeping a safe distance was difficult when people ket jumping in front of me. Happened at an interchange. Anyway, doesn't look good for me...  'm a careful driver and try to maintain a safe distance when driving but this was a situation where reasonable distance is quickly cut off by other drivers. The argument is going to be that you didn't leave enough space to deal with the potential stop. You don't have a good argument against this. 't speeding because I was very early for work. You would know if you weren't speeding because you looked at the speedometer and you saw that your speed was at or below the limit. Saying you got to work early does more to suggest you were speeding. You crashed into the car in front of you. What exactly is your argument that you weren't too close to the car in front of you? The fact that you did not leave enough space to stop safely and your car collided with the car in front of you, even if they slammed on their brakes, means you were following too close for conditions. Inexpensive traffic attorneys are great at getting the best possible outcome for you. The ticket itself should have instructions on how to contest it if that's the route you choose to take; if not, a call to the courthouse listed on the ticket would be the next step.