 My grandma is almost 88 and she gets calls all day everyday from people trying to give her a “free” neck brace, knee brace, shoulder brace. Any kind of brace they can send. I know they are trying to just take advantage of elderly people who may get confused and charge their Medicare a million dollars for a 20 dollar brace. She is on the do not call list and I’ve personally asked them to remove her. So has other family members. Sometimes I recognize the same number calling 3-4 times a day and when you call back you can’t get through to anyone. Surely this has to be harassment at this point. What can we do to stop this? If her family wasn’t here to stop it she may have a ton of braces by now :( [deleted] Sounds like grandma needs long-term care if she can't live on her own without being taken advantage of. Most telemarketers/spam callers do not care about the do not call list. They are probably not even in the country. She has dementia so her short term memory isn’t always the best. And only uses a landline or we’d get a blocker. This has been really helpful though maybe we can leave a list for her by the phone or something. Thank you a ton. Tell grandma to let all calls go to the voicemail or answering machine unless it is a known number. If a call is important, they WILL leave a voicemail. She can file an online complaint to the FTC, but they will do less than zero as I've made 984,289 complaints to the FTC and heard zero back. The do not call registration will only keep legit companies off her back, so Cox Cable and the like will not call. Shitheels, will actually GET the do not call list and legitimately use it as their call list...they don't care as the law is toothless. Yes, you can file with the FTC, but if they're like everyone else getting calls like this now, they're randomly generated VOIP numbers in Skype that are untraceable and probably aren't even in the US. They're spamming her because she answers the phone. You telling them to stop just told them they found a vulnerable mark. There has been 4 calls since I posted this. It’s interesting that you say about them being overseas because when I speak to them they usually do not sound like English is their first language and some will even hang up when they hear a younger sounding voice. Thank you for this information. You can actually file a complaint with the FTC : [She may also be able to sue them](). But you should note that egregious violaters of the DNC registry are often undentifiable scammers. Even callers purporting to be phoning on behalf of entities subject to the TCPA and other relevant laws might really be some dude in Laos. The best you can really do is talk to her about common scams, tell her not to take calls from unrecognized phone numbers, (and to be wary of recognized phone numbers. Anybody asking for money or sensitive details needs to be hung up on and called back at a verified phone number. Give her a list of the numbers or tell her to call you first), and change her number. I know doing so is not ideal, but it’s honestly one of the most effective remedies. Once scammers get a live number, the calls only get worse. Also download an app or service like NoMoRobo.