 In California, the addition of child support add-on costs (paying half of the nanny’s salary) is mandatory when the childcare is necessary for the parent to work. I have no choice but to pay half but I want the amount to be accurate and fair. I believe my ex is trying to scam me by stating a very high number for childcare that she is trying to get me to agree to outside of court. I believe the scam is that I would pay half of this very high amount, and then she would find a nanny for far less and either pocket the difference or I end up paying the entire amount. I’ve thought of different approaches to ensure I’m not scammed, but each has their own risk. Here is what I’ve come up with: 1. I pay half of the costs to the nanny directly and my ex shows me cancelled checks for similar amounts she has paid. Risk: the nanny and her scheme to just return the amount my ex pays in cash. 2. I insist on a nanny payment service for withholding required government federal and state taxes and actual w2 forms that the payment service issues the nanny: Risk: gets expensive because this prevents my ex from seeking low-cost childcare paid in cash which is the norm. (Most nannies don’t want to report their earnings either) 3. I pay half of the costs to my ex and she pays the nanny. This is the riskiest option as I have described above. It’s unverifiable how much the nanny is actually paid. I need to figure out an approach that doesn’t leave me scammed but still gets quality childcare for my kids. This is overnight care as my ex elects to work at night. I believe approach number 2 is the safest in that she is less likely to lie to the tax authorities and this incentivizes her to seek low cost care. I’m curious how others have dealt with this.  So the most legal advice I can give you is - use a service that properly pays your child's nanny. I know it can be difficult in CA since many nannies refuse to take jobs on the books. But its the legal thing to do, and on a legal advice board I think everyone will advise going by the book. Also, think about whether its in your child's best interest to be in paid care for so long each day. I am only guessing, but in school from 8-3, night shift nanny from 6-2? Thats only three hours per day with her mother. If you could do better you might consider it. Ex has 80% custody  [removed] I live in another state 500 miles away. I have joint legal custody. Child is in school. Ex works nights. I'm confused as to why this childcare is needed for your ex-wife to work? Why doesn't the child sleep at your residence, with you there? Is the child in school as well? When does your ex actually have parenting time? While paying half of childcare is the CA standard, your ex does not just get to choose the most expensive option - a nanny - without your legal input. Don't you have joint decision-making? I wish it worked that way. Basically in California she makes a motion for an entitled amount each month and then I try to argue against it. It’s hard to fight, and very subject to corruption on her part Only pay when you are legally required to. Do not send her any extra money. If the amount is too high file for a modification in your state.