 I'm going to keep this as short as possible, while hopefully maintaining important details. I'm asking this not for myself but for a significant family member. Location: Nebraska. Rewind just under 4 years ago. Subject H (the family member, female) was dating Subject D(male) Subject D and H had a newborn, only a few months old. They had an argument as Subject D wanted to bring another person into the relationship, another male, for recreational sexual "fun". D and H split up and H starts dating the incoming male. Custody battle began as D filed for full custody of newborn. Custody was granted based on H having Scoliosis and previous mental health diagnosis, saying she was unfit to care for her baby, H had no lawyer to represent her and custody was granted to D with visits allowed once a weekend. One weekend H was riding with family member in a big rig over the road. The goal to be back Saturday for the visit. A return load coming back to Nebraska got delayed and H wasn't able to make it back in time for the visit. D battled for full custody and no visits after that saying that H couldn't manage the time for visits, he won. H hasn't seen or contacted her daughter since then. Now in the present time, during Thanksgiving, H ran into her uncle's ex girlfriend, subject E. E told H that recently she saw texts from D that were sent to E friends ( Subject C) daughter who is 14 years old. The texts included enticement, dick pictures, face pictures, and phone numbers of D. H finds C and asks for help getting that conversation information so that D can be turned in to authorities. C agrees but doesn't help for days. H goes to police explaining the situation. The police say they can't do anything without the pictures of the conversation. H goes back to C again trying to get screenshots of the conversation. C was mad that H went to the authorities without notifying her first, reluctant to help (under the assumption C is a drug user, being why she didn't turn in D for sending her daughter illicit messages and her anger towards H contacting authorities) she finally sent screenshots of the conversation between D and her 14 y/o daughter. It's screenshots showing D using a fake Facebook profile and fake name with above said information. 14 y/o turns down request by D to see his penis. D sent them anyway, multiple pictures with faceshots as well. Since it looks like screenshots from an iPhone Facebook account it doesn't show who the recipient of this conversation was. In text H clarifies that these were sent to C's daughter, C confirms. H sends all screenshots to police along with screenshot of C stating these pictures were sent to her underage daughter. Now the trouble with this situation is H doesn't have $10k+ to hire lawyer. H contacts SASA for help and legal financial aid. SASA doesn't have funding to help with the case. CPS was also contacted. And now the officer is saying he can't do anything without the cooperation of Subject C, even with the evidence and admittance from C. Where can H go from here? Can she file for her own subpoena of C's records? Is a private detective worth pursuing, or maybe some kind of office that sets up stings on pedophiles? H is concerned that D has full custody of her daughter and what may happen to her, as well as any other child. I can't believe with the information obtained so far the police say they can't do anything without C's cooperation and is leaving H to try and get her to cooperate by herself. Any help or advice is greatly appreciated! Thank you! I spaced off doing a TL:DR. Got it all right, one slight tweak: it's not the 14 y/o that's uncooperative it's the mother of said kid. TL;DR: Dad has full custody of 4yo daughter. Mom discovers Dad has been sending dick pics to an unrelated 14yo girl. Mom supplies proof of dick pics to police, who decline to get involved because the 14yo is uncooperative. Mom has no money for an attorney to try to get custody. What should Mom do?