 Well let me start this off this is my first experience with landlord So he tells me and my friend we “maybe”have to get out of the house by November and that he’ll “let me Know” this is in September in October he says the same thing “he’ll let us know”...he calls me on October 25 to tell us we have to get out by November first but again he’ll “let us know” shoot forward to nov 1 he calls me and telling me we have to get out by this weekend or next and he’ll give me like 600 dollars to do so..and because he’s a generally decent guy,I have the house and we are in an open lease ageeement I get out of the housekn nov 7..but the landlord is fucking mia which means he owns our rent we paid for November and hopefully some compensation for getting out on a timely matter..This is happening in Philadelphia pa..what am I legally Am I entitled to Okay well at least I know I could do that  Small claims then- that’s really end of the thread at this point Blah this is fucking insane that this is legally allowed to happen..like I’m not fucking there Well for starters, people are dicks. If they feel they can one up you, or make it difficult to to get what’s yours... they will. Also, just because you are in the right, does not always mean it will work in your favor. My suggestion, although extreme, is fucking him right back in his metaphorical ass. If that’s not a route you want to take, see above suggestions. Honestly dude I don’t wanna step in that house.i left November 5th and I want what is owed to me why can I just get that? Please give me back my rent for the last week of the month, or i intend to stay through the end of my paid tenancy. He can’t kick you out and neither will the police. True.what exactly do I say to like not start shit Well it would certainly get some movement on his end... you paid for it so you are a tenant through the end of the month. Don’t roll over and make it easy for him. I really don’t want to. I hate the house You still have a key? Move back in for the remainder of the month you paid for. At this point I don’t give a shit and want the rent money Okay I’m gonna assume you mean a “month to month” lease where you had a lease but it ended and neither of you signed a new one and you paid rent like usual. There’s no such thing as an “open” lease. Also, in Pennsylvania, since you were not under an official lease, the law doesn’t specify the amount of notice he needed to give you to leave. You’d be entitled to 3 weeks of November rent and a deposit if you paid one. It’ll be an uphill battle to get a court to rule that he owes you the $600 he offered... that’s a lesson learned to not leave until you get the incentive money.  Crap duh I’ll edit it! He said he sold the properity and the hose will be bulldozed.we have an open lease. There are so many questions that need to be answered first. Did you have a lease? If so, for how long? Why were you asked to leave? Was the house in a habitable condition? Did you pay a deposit on move in? You need to answer those questions because right now all I can say is that you might be entitled to 3 weeks worth of November rent.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.