 First time poster, so I hope Im doing this right. A week and half ago my SO and I bought a new truck, well new to us. We signed all the paperwork, filled out all the forms, gave a down payment, and was told who our loan was through and when/how much our first payment would be. When we were leaving they asked if we would send them a few follow up documents, copies of our SS cards and my pay stub (his was already there). Yesterday I got a call from the dealership telling me that our loan was approved through a different bank at almost $100 more a month. We also got a letter in the mail from the original bank our loan was supposed to be through saying our loan was rejected due to an invalid SSN, we both have valid SSNs and have never had an issue like that before. I told the dealership that we would have to bring the truck back because we were not willing to pay the $100 extra, the finance person said he would look into this. He called back and said they would take responsibility for the mistake and get the payments back to what they were before, by removing the warranty that came with the truck. The big reason we went with this used car over the new car was it came with a warranty. I advised the finance person that we would have to discuss this and would get back to him. I am wondering if we have any ground to get them to discount the truck to meet the agreement we signed? If we don't will we get our deposit back if we take the truck back? This is in Oregon.  Good idea, thanks. We are going to return the truck and go somewhere else for a new vehicle on Friday.  You might be best going yo a credit union and spying for a loan directly. Cut the dealership right out of that process. It is not necessarily a scam, although it could be. Often dealers will spot deals thinking it will be approved at a specific interest rate. It gets declined outright or at a higher interest rate and the customer needs to re-sign. That is likely what happened, especially since they needed pay stubs, that usually means below average credit or limited credit history. That said, return the truck if they can't get you the monthly you agreed to (without extending the terms) and without losing the warranty.  Thank you for the advice. This has been so frustrating!  This is a very common scam. Get them to honor the deal offered, or return the vehicle and shop elsewhere.