 Location is Missouri I am a female death claims examiner for the last 5 years. I came into the job with three years experience examining death claims for another company. “Dude” got hired in 3 years ago straight out of college as an assistant and was given special treatment by the company to be allowed to apply for an examiner position before working for the company for more than a year which is against the company policy and strictly enforced by HR (except this case of course) he worked there 7 months and was still in training. Fast forward, We both were just recently promoted to a tenured examiner position at the same exact time. Same exact day. Me after 5 years him after about 2. We openly report performance numbers every week so I know I am consistently more productive than him every week. Today I walked over to him to chat and he had his W-2 open and I can’t unsee the fact that he is making close to $12,000 more a year than I do. (Compared to my salary this is significant) He is even making more than my female coworker that has the same exact title that has worked there for 20+ years. He has no additional responsibilities and we can’t figure out how this happened. My question is, what do I do at this point? Ask the manager? HR? I really want to go about this the right way. And professionally. Also Dude is a good guy and just started a family so I don’t want to screw him over either. If news gets out in our department how much he is making, it might truly impact the 20 of us examiners doing the same job (most of whom that have been firing there for 15+ years). Reddit, can you help a girl out and give me some advice?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either an incorrect statement or conclusion of law, inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an unlawful act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I work in IT. Can confirm. The only way for me to get a raise is to change jobs. So I should just let my employees take their breaks whenever they want, people who are calling in for customer service can wait because everyone wanted to eat at the same time. Give me a break. do you have a degree as well? are your qualifications the same? because that can often account for discrepancies in salary for the same work.  God I would hate working for you.  Staggered so they can't talk to other employees. Your logic is flawed. There is plenty of time at work where you can chat. Do you not give employees lunch breaks?  [removed] OK point taken. I have a feeling if she had time to blab about her wages then her work output wasn't up to snuff. Not only is it not a huge no no, it's actually illegal to fire someone for that reason in the United States.  It is literally illegal to do that. That's ballsy. And you still signed? Personally I would have fired her for sharing her wage with other employees. Huge no - no  The first three words of my answe were "if you believe." Very few people believe something themselves without also supposing it true and others would believe it. The EEOC is there to do exactly what OP is asking, and has probably at least once or twice encountered someone who misunderstands the big picture and thinks any pay disparity between genders at all as being illegal discrimination. They will know how to deal with it. But you are suggesting a dangerous course. Not all actions that OP might take to "investigate" this herself are legally protected. Complaining to EEOC is. It is the legal mechanism almost all employees must use in a matter they suspect discrimination.  He may have started higher due to how the work force was at the time - limited applicants, cost of living, etc. He also may have negotiated when he first started or when getting raises and may ask for opportunities when others simply do not. It is not necessarily discrimination. Ask for a raise if you feel you deserve one. State why - performance, length of service, etc. But do not do it based on thinking someone else makes more. As someone else said, it is possible you make the same but have different exemptions or other deductions.  Does he have more education? If he has aPHD and you have an associate's that might explain things.  1st, are you sure he also isn't making more money than other more experienced male co workers? 2nd if you didn't ask for a raise yourself, don't expect them to do it for you. I wouldn't pay an employ more if they seem happy wherre they are at. Otherwise, You can file EEOC complaint if you like. Keep in mind you got 0 proof they are discriminating based on gender. They could just be favoring him over you because he knows someone or because they like him and/or they don't like you. Favoritism is legal if you can't prove it's due to gender so it's extremely unlikely anything will come out of it and you will probably lose your job Did you negotiate your salary upon being offered the position? This is actually a huge reason there is a "wage gap". [Source: Harvard Study](http://gap.hks.harvard.edu/do-women-avoid-salary-negotiations-evidence-large-scale-natural-field-experiment) There could be a lot of reasons for this and I wouldn't rush to "gender" as being the cause... For example you mention he was hired straight out of college. Do you have college experience as well? Did he have a job while he is was in college? What was his salary while he was working during college? etc... all these are clear factors into why he could be making more. You are not going to take a job making less money then your previous job are you? So if he was making decent money in his job while he was working during college. They of course he would be asking for more money before taking this new job, which may have happened to be the same amount you were making when he was hired... Also adding college experience and his youth, they maybe more inclined to invest more in him since he maybe around for awhile. Also when was the last time you went to your manager and asked for a raise? Did they deny you the raise? Did they give you the raise you asked for? Again another factor, if you dont pressure them and ask for raises then why would they just come out and give you a raise? Most places if you a raise after the first year or so then after that, unless you get promoted or requested it. Then they maybe more inclined to believe you are fine with what you are making... The long story here is not to rush straight to gender as the reason... there are many reasons why this could be the case. My mother is a Head Project Manager at a very large firm and makes over 300k/yr which is well over what the other managers make there. She received this by getting experience with the company, continued with education and proving her worth... the key point here is making yourself valuable to the company and then pressuring them for the raises. My mother wouldn't be in this position if she just sat back and waited for the company to give them raises... Do you negotiate for your pay? If he negotiated for and got more pay to start, then why are you entitled to more pay? Why do you believe you should benefit from his negotiating ability? I used to work in HR/HRIS Systems and analytics. One thing we found is that women and minorities were around 60%+ LESS likely to try and negotiate Salaries(with our company). We based that strictly off race/gender counter offers to offer of employment. I am not saying that there is not discrimination, but what I am saying is value yourself higher. Most people don't have much experience when it comes to negotiating. If the company likes you, they want you, it's your job to get more out of them. Companies are willing to pay more, they just aren't going to broadcast it. It's also important to note to be competitive companies raise minimum offers every year to year and a half. One more suggestion, if you are going to take this up the chain, you are more than likely going to have to disclose how you found this information out. Make sure in your company policies that the way you found this out was not against a certain policy, otherwise you shoot yourself in the foot.  I would have bumped their pay and methodically replaced them all one by one.  In fact, she would have been the hero, essentially negotiating a raise for the entire department. Rather than demanding she be fired, they should have demanded equal pay.  Eh. The company could have bumped their pay and I bet they would have been fine with it  A lot of missing information here, but as others have said, you can file an EEOC complaint. As to the coworker who has been in the job role for 20 years, that may not be the best argument for salary comparison. If they have stagnated in a role that is just past entry level, it seems they may have risen to the level of their incompetence very early on in their career. Recognise it has nothing to do with sex and there are probably others in the same role who are male and being paid the same?  Not a lawyer, but a working professional. My two cents: In today's working world, the only way to make sure you're getting your dues in salary raises is to jump companies every few years. If you don't, you will fall behind the salaries of new hires, which raise higher every year due to competitiveness faster than what an employee gets through raises by staying at the same company. Know what you're worth, fight for it, and don't be afraid to walk away if you feel not enough compromise has been made to you. Yeah. Similar situation here. Joined a government job where a friend was working for 3 years in his department. I came in as an intern making more than him  With HR bending policy for him and all, this sounds more like nepotism than discrimination. “Dude” might know somebody higher up I am making a lot more than my fellow co-workers even though they have more experience and the same responsibilities, its just that I have been able to prove my worth to my boss during our salary negotiations compared to them. If I am more valuable to the company than my co-workers is another story, I cant answer that, but I have at least been able to prove that to boss a lot better compared to them. Might that be the issue? Again, I have no legal knowledge or advice, so feel free to remove this and ban me again, Nazi-mods. What's the long story? When you say 'long story short' you end up leaving out details to a story that you may not think are relevant, but actually are. Did she apply and they flat out told her no? Or was there other factors that lead to the denial for application, like she waited til past the deadline to apply? I just signed paperwork for a new job on Tuesday night. While signing the paperwork, the owner asked me if the girl I had worked with on the Saturday before had discussed pay with me at all. I was nervous and racked my brain, but honestly couldn't think of a moment when we had discussed actual money. We'd talked about the job and our previous work experience doing it, but that was about it. The boss went on to tell me that she'd had a number of people work with that girl and then quit right after. That's when I figured out that my coworker was clearly making more money than me for doing the same job. Newsflash: new people make more money and men are more likely to negotiate than women.  I was thinking this was probably due to some form of nepotism as well.  Getting what amounts to an independent review, and likely insight into the reasons for the pay disparity are hardly “utter waste[s] of time at best”. I’d suggest they are valuable exercises, even if they prove unfruitful in this specific instance.  I was At my old job for 17 years.i got paid 28$.they would hire minorities and pay them 5 $ more only to stay at the job.so that company could even work on a certain job.no experience needed to make 33 $ Hr. You Really can't do anything.but ask for more loot What a bunch of assholes. So they suck at negotiating and thus take it out on someone else  In many industries the only way to get a market level pay is to switch jobs every 2-3 years. People should ask 4-5% raiseper year to keep the market level pay. Very few companies give them out like this. My gf lost a job due to that once. She drove a hard bargain during the hiring process and ended up earning a bit more than some existing employees. They heard about it and threatened to resign all at once unless my gf was let go. It was still during the mandatory trial period after signing the contract, so there wasn't much she could do. Become a tranny He may have had other items on his resume that made him a more attractive candidate, such as extra curriculars, research, or really well-connected references. So there are lots of reasons his starting salary could have been higher. His special treatment since he started, in spite of his subpar performance, is a more telling indicator. Even so, it's hard to prove that his treatment is a sign of broader discrimination. Perhaps someone higher in the company is grooming him for some position, and working him through the lower ranks to give him experience. There are a lot of legal reasons why he could be receiving special treatment. I argued with you not because I disagree with you overall, only that I disagree that the appropriate action is to file a complaint without at least believing your point is provable. Otherwise it's an utter waste of time at best. That amount would be a dead giveaway that she has information they think she shouldn't have could lead to a pretextual firing for "no reason" or invented performance problems. @op: I'd ask for $15,000. Negotiating from that position might have a better chance to get your pay on par with the new guy's without showing your hand early. I did not forget a word. OP does not need to prove such an issue to make a complaint. If they believe it to be illegal discrimination to take the first step is an EEOC complaint. Mind you, I do not believe they have anything worth pursuing here, but ultimately, it is juries that worry about proof. EEOC is where you file a complaint for a preliminary investigation, and you cannot have retaliatory action taken against you for doing so, even if a claim ultimately has no merit.  I believe your first sentence is missing one word. It should read PROVABLE discrimination based on gender, the appropriate action is to file a complaint with the EEOC.  Before you do anything, get a free consult with an employment lawyer. If you start to take actions, often the company circles the wagons and starts hiding things. The lawyer will tell you what evidence you want to collect (and how) before you do all of this - your best time is now, before the company has any inkling you're going to do something. You have the makings of a very good employment discrimination lawsuit, take your time to do it right. Ask for a raise or deal with it, how is this even a question? That's exactly what he did, sweetly.  Out of curiousity, are you basing this off of a quick glance of what you saw in Box 1 of his W2? If so, that may not an accurate representation of what he makes. That number is your salary minus pretax deductions. If you both made $100,000, and you contributed $12,000 to 401k and he contributed $0, then his W2 would show $100,000 and yours would show $88,000. Maybe he’s just not saving for retirement? Maybe he negotiated his salary? Have you tried negotiating yours? As others have stated - there are many reasons she could make less than him and gender discrimination is only one of those reasons. Legally it would be extremely difficult to win because you have to actually prove your claim. I agree that 'get a better job' feels really out of touch with how hard it is and lacks meaningful action against what seems to be a really unfair situation, but getting a new job or negotiating a raise are her best options if more money is what she seeks. Since she can't actually know whether gender discrimination was involved, it seems unwise to carry the resentment and outrage that goes with it. That makes the world feel more shitty than it is (and there's really no shortage of shitty, so I'm talking about self preservation.)  Just "moving jobs" is not an easy answer. Paying women less than men for the same job, regardless of performance is very common. And, the people seem to think it is totally OK. "Well, you make plenty for just a single person \[woman\]. So-and-so \[male\] has a family to support \[or will soon have a family to support, or will eventually have a family to support\]." (True story.) This mentality is alive and well, and may be pervasive, especially in male-dominated industries. Going to another company will not necessarily solve this problem--and it could even be worse at the new place. All that said, it is probably worthwhile to shop around for a new job and do some hard bargaining compensation. It couldn't hurt, except for the time invested. Maybe you can report your (former) to the authorities after you leave, and avoid the fear of retaliation. I totally agree that filing a claim while you are working there has a ton of downsides. I don't want to discourage you from doing it--if you are up for the fight, you should do it!. But, there may be plenty of practical reasons you can't or won't. And, I second trying to meet with an employment lawyer, and having them evaluate your case based on the evidence you have (or can obtain). Good luck! If that's the culture of the entire company, it will be hard to change. Probably easier just to look for another job. Nothing about this sounds illegal. Some people are better at negotiating a salary than others. You could ask for a raise when the time for a review comes up, but saying "well so-and-so makes more than me" isn't going to go over well with the boss. In today's job market, it may take more money to get a new hire. Just because they hire someone new at $12k more doesn't mean they are automatically going to give the old hires. Move to a new company and you'd likely get a bump as well.  Keep this in mind, it may not be discrimination. I work in government where it's next to impossible to give someone a raise unless they are getting a promotion due to dumb policies. I have peers with 20+ more years than me and are better at the job, but make $20k+ less. Why? They haven't had a raise in 7 years, and even before that raises were only 2-3% every couple years I knew this coming in, and negotiated a higher salary to offset the fact that I won't be getting a raise. They know it, leadership knows it, but no one can do anything about it. It's not discrimination, it's just the situation.   NAL. Tax info is confidential. I disagree that the OP's account gives credence to your view that the colleague was essentially making public his tax info: -2 open and I can’t unsee the fact that he is making close to $12,000 more a year than I do. (Compared to my salary this is significant) Walking in on someone doing something private doesn't make that information public. Come on, So the main reason that companies don't want you discussing your pay with others is that they don't want the old guard knowing the new guys are getting paid more. That and people like this "dude" who seems to have gotten some kind of special treatment because he knew someone. It's why laws preventing your company from punishing you for discussing salaries are so important.  The OP has the right to discuss pay (and working conditions) with her coworkers. Seeing the W2 that was in plain sight while having a conversation with her coworker is going to be protected.  This could be discrimination, but keep in mind he may just be better at the job. This may or may not be the case so you may want to look into it If a company is willing to pay you less for being a woman dont work for that company. You need to start applying at other companies. Unfortunately historically with this kind of discrimination calling them out doesn't usually go well. If their still paying woman less in this day and age its on purpose. It's because they can and you need to leave that kind of environment There not going to admit to wrong doing. They will say he had more schooling or something, and that they cant discuss other employees pay with you. Leave find a better work environment were they respect you. I had this same issue arise when I worked at my last job except I was the one that made more than a coworker who had worked there for five years. I was a better negotiator, I refused to take a pay cut to drive farther and told them that. They wanted me and were willing to pay what I asked. [\_employees/filing\_complaint.cfm]() : ; A short description of the events that you believe were discriminatory (for example, you were terminated, demoted, harassed); ; A short description of any injury you suffered; and 's signature). This might be a challenge for the OP. Coming across confidential tax information will obviously not be considered discrimination, nor will this situation apply to herself:  IT was meant to be partially sarcastic, but you are right. Amended my comment to be more obvious. You definitely need to consult an employment/labor lawyer. Many will do free 15 minute consults. The big issue is going to be proof. The one thing I'm not sure about is the legality of you accidentally seeing his pay stubs. I would definitely run that problem by the lawyer, as well as mentioning any other discrimination examples like the other woman's experience. You may need to get an affidavit from her. I will say, I had a similar experience and consulted a lawyer and was told that because of the difficulty of gathering conclusive evidence, he declined to take the case.   $12,001 raise. Sounds like a great way to alert her employer she obtained confidential data about her colleague without expressed consent. OP should avoid any attention that may be drawn toward her seeing that information.  It's illegal for employers to prevent employees from discussing compensation per the National Labor Relations Act . That said, it may not be legal for OP to have access/use her colleague's private information. NAL Exactly, that's why this is a sticky issue and it's probably better for OP to just attempt to negotiate their own raise independent of what he's making.   's compensation. . It may be different if you 'passively' absorbed the information; however, just the fact that you read it and brought the number up to another employee may qualify as a breach of confidentiality. This is pretty important for OP. Dude didn't grant permission for OP to look at (or access) his private financial information. If HR/Supervisor asks Dude and he said he didn't tell OP (or authorize OP) to view his pay information, OP could legit get in trouble for unauthorized access of PII/SPI from a fellow employee.  This sucks but it doesn't always mean it's sexist. My husband was hired during the recession for a rather low salary, out of college but several years of concurrent work experience. His co-worker was hired 5 years later, fresh out of college with zero experience, never held a job, for a few thousand more than he was making after 4 years of bonus. It was supply and demand. 2009 employers could be choosy and cheap. By 2014 they could not. However, after the promotion, there should be some sort of pay scaling since the job title changed. It very well may not be anything more than starting off with a really crappy base salary. You will need to decide how much you like your job and file an EEOC complaint. Before you talk to your employer, double check your employment terms to see if there are any clauses regarding the sharing or knowledge of colleague's compensation. Many places I have worked will be very clear about how sharing salaries is a fireable offence. It may be different if you 'passively' absorbed the information; however, just the fact that you read it and brought the number up to another employee may qualify as a breach of confidentiality. To your final point – it absolutely will impact your working environment if this ends up causing everyone to be even just partly aware of the pay disparities between colleagues. It happened at my previous job – someone who had worked there for 15 years discovered that someone else with far less experience was making more money after working for the firm for only 24 months. This higher-paid individual also held a job title that squarely placed him under the management of the guy with 15 years of tenure. Word got out, people started getting envious or angry or paranoid, and we lost quite a few frustrated and very talented employees (myself eventually included, though that was not the breaking point for me) Just want to echo that pay negotiation during time of hire may have played a factor. Did you negotiate salary when you started, or did you accept their initial offer? That is one example of "unknowns" that may play a role. I would definitely speak with HR, as noted. Also, your coworker may or may not decide to share his information with you to gather evidence. That is his choice, as he is not required to share that information. Even if he doesn't have higher qualifications, he might simply be a better negotiator (or so their employer could argue). If that's the case, document, collect evidence, and talk to an employment attorney. In the meantime, consider asking for a $12,001 raise. You can ask for a raise, or you can file a complaint with EEOC. However, note that for your complaint to be successful, you need proper evidence. There could be many reasons besides gender that cause people to be paid differently. Him being male and having less experience is not going to be sufficient.  The way OP puts his career advancement sounds like he simply knows a guy or it is some form of nepotism. Are these others that were hired around the same time, before, or after him? How are their careers fairing? Are all the males that were hired being rocketed to the top? Check with other coworkers who aren't female to see if there might actually be a problem besides paying young-bloods more money. If you believe the pay disparity to be discrimination based on gender, the appropriate action is to file a complaint with the EEOC. A lawyer is step 2; they are step 1. They will investigate and make a preliminary determination of whether or not he just happened to be hired at a higher rate of pay, or if the company appears to have a pattern of discriminatory behavior and decisions based on membership in a protected class. This decision is not final, but if they do make a determination there may be an issue, they inform the employer and issue the employee a Right to Sue letter. While not required, this is generally what allows a viable lawsuit to move forward. You can still pursue action without them making this determination, and plenty of people have won or settled without EEOC returning a finding of discrimination. You should speak with HR or your manager about your concerns frankly first. It is not illegal on the surface for this pay disparity, but there may be policy or union contract or other reasons the disparity should be corrected, or you might be able to make a case for why you feel a raise is warranted. However, a vast majority of the time, this type of disparity comes from one party being better at negotiating pay and raises.  The department for years has shown favoritism towards males. It is somewhat of a “boys club” and the popular guys were constantly and consistently given raises even when they were not eligible. Long story short my female coworker was specifically denied the option to apply for the job in an email because she worked there 11 months and 15 days. Dude was able to apply after being at the company 7 months.  If you think that reason he's paid more is specifically because he's a man and you're a woman, then you could speak to an employment attorney. Hopefully you have some sort of evidence of this. Otherwise, an employer is free to pay different people differently. They could a high school to sharpen pencils all day and pay them $200k. I like how someone upvoted the only non-answer here.  Holy moly!!! I’m going to be of no help here, but I’m following you. Does the Civil Liberties Union ever get involved in these situations?  It's not illegal to pay people differing amounts of money for doing the same job. For any malfeasance, you'd have to prove that he's getting paid more (or you're getting paid less) for a discriminatory reason (sex, race, etc.). Have you thought about taking a case to your supervisor (or whoever is responsible for vetting you for raises)? Bring hard numbers on how productive you are and ask for a raise. You don't have to mention that you know how much he is making.  Is there any other reason you believe this to be sexual discrimination? It seems like just general favoritism given what you've said. Does he have qualifications (college degree, advanced certificate, registered to do x) that you don't? It's not on it's face illegal to pay a male employee more than female counterparts, but it's illegal to give preferential treatment on the basis of gender. It's important to figure out which is happening here.  It's not illegal to pay an employee more for a job unless the pay difference is for specific reasons. You and you coworkers could go to your supervisors and ask for an increase. They could say no. You can ask your boss for a raise based on your merits and contributions. You can find a new job that pays you what you think you're worth. You can ask for a raise. 