 So I work for a small company who sells surface cleaners/coatings made in Europe. We handle sales in the USA. A few of our products are high in VOC content (volatile organic compounds). We already do not sell some products in certain counties in California, and lots of Northeastern states, based on determinations made decades ago with regard to VOC regulation. We're left to make these determinations ourselves without input, etc from home office in Europe. With \~3000 counties in the US, how does one go about determining where we can sell our products? Is the CRC (Center for Retail Compliance) a friend to me? And the Environmental Law Institute? I've tried in the past to search for VOC regulations state by state, but wasn't very successful. I'm no lawyer. What's the best course of action to determine compliance with environmental regulations? We err on the side of compliance at all times and haven't ever had any issues, however, I find myself wondering if we miss out on sales that might be compliant because we're extra cautious in this regard. Do I reach out to a local law firm who handles things like this, or the above mentioned organizations? We work with chems a lot where I work and in EVERY case, it comes down to local municipalities. What can be sent down the drain (or into the air) here, can't be sent down the drain over there and vice versa. We work with the state EPA regulations but if you were to cross the border 20 mins down the road, there is a whole new set of regulations that could be handled by a county or city governance. Every chem rep I've spoke to that is US based always tells me the same thing: the onus is on us to figure out what is legal to use and what isn't; The chem company is not responsible. Unless you want to research every region's regulations, I would just do it on a case-by-case basis if at all. Example: We can use a vapor degreaser that utilizes TCE to clean assemblies here at our plant. Across the state border 20 mins away, you cannot utilize TCE at all in any capacity. Edit: additional info