 My roommate is prone to throwing fits. I say prime because this happens about once a month. Her mother owns the house we reside in, with her brother acting as landlord. We signed a lease without the mother-as she lives now in Indiana. I have spoken to her and she is due to visit here in a week or so for the holiday. The brother, who pays most of the bills in the house collects my rent. The sister with whom I’ve had the conflict, has a history of doing this to her brother and mother as well. She pays no bills, works no job, and goes to school. In no way do I or have I ever provoked her. This fit began with her screaming at me from the balcony-in complaint with the volume my music was at-which her brother made no mention of and she actually didn’t even ask me at any point in the 30mins prior to turn it down-so I told her the following day that she could never talk to me like that again. She then proceeded to yell and scream I could get out and threw some of my personal items from the balcony at me. I went upstairs and she kicked me and kept screaming. I then called the police. They came 3x 1-collect my info and a base description as she decided to leave the scene 2-talk to ya both 3-she kept verbally harassing me so I asked them to talk to her more It’s the weekend so I can’t file that protection order thing until Monday and I’m here protecting my items. Things I have as possible useful evidence -signed lease -statements from the brother of this being recurrent behavior -audio recording of her admitting to kicking me, harassing me, and saying “I could kill you if I wanted” and to be honest she said it twice but I only got the second time on recording. The first time sounded just like “I’m gonna kill you” and I’m sure she’d dispute that till the end of time but it’s what it felt like. Her mother essentially said she could evict me. Which yes she could file, but what are my options? It’s going to be (by her own admission) a hassle and hard to achieve with her geographical placement nowadays. So what should I do about the “assault” and eviction I guess is my question. Clark county Where in wa? Seattle city limits have specific laws regard landlord-tenant issues Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.