 Good evening. In Q4 2012 a family member of mine bought something on Craigslist for well over 1000 € paying by wire transfer. The seller had provided a copy of their ID card via email. More than a dozen people fell for it. The seller was eventually convicted and "wanted" to refund the money sooner or later. (Voluntarily, to avoid insolvency proceedings) This week we received an email with the following content: “…you had informed us of the open amount of EUR 1.xxx,00 of the claim against XXX. . A wire transfer could be made immediately after providing us with your account number / IBAN. However, the payment is subject to the condition that no further claims against XXX on your part are made. ." On the one hand, this is not just about the money, but also about justice. We have not demanded any additional compensation e.g. interest. This person stole several tens of thousands of Euro from ordinary people and either hid or spent them and would only have to repay less than 55%. That's simply unfair. On the other hand, I have read something about the statute of limitations after a maximum of 5-10 years, depending on the severity of the crime. Can someone with expertise or experience help me out with advice? Could it happen that we lose the claim completely? Should one accept such an offer? Thanks in advance. [removed] I am positive it‘s not, but I would use an empty, temporary bank account just in case. Be very very careful about giving out your account information. It feels scammish to me. That would be correct - your odds of getting more than that are close enough to zero that your only practical choice is to accept the offer. You may choose to stand on principle and pursue them for the full amount, but it is unlikely you would get anything by going down the road. Thank you for your response! If I understand correctly, you are suggesting to accept the offer and forget about it, correct?  %. That's simply unfair. Most people get 0% back. Feel free to turn down the 55% percent restitution and join them instead - nothing like giving money away to make a stand on principle. Also, please make sure the offer of restitution is actually legit, instead of a follow-up scam.