 See a clause in our lease we were thinking of signing (unlikely now), but wanted to clarify this section. Does this mean that, with some notice given, if they sell the house during the lease, our lease is done? Pertinent section: This lease shall terminate early, at LANDLORD'S option, upon sale of premises or contract for sale entered into concerning the premises, and TENANT agrees to vacate within 30 days' written notice from LANDLORD. Thank you  I'm glad you caught it too. It's a perfectly legal thing to do but it stinks that they did not point it out to you specifically. Good thing you read it carefully. I bet they are hoping their potential tenant doesn't notice or ask. A lot of things are legal-but-stinky, the important thing is read carefully and negotiate before you sign. I hope you find a better fit of a flat soon. Keep asking questions. They also have a clause that during a storm or hurricane storm shutters must be installed on all windows. I know that’s typical for the area but wow was surprised seeing that I’m writing.  Exactly. Thank you so much   “not possible” to change the lease lol. That is sad, since then it is not possible for you to sign the lease. Move on to a different house. Yes, soooo glad I caught this. They said it’s “not possible” to change the lease lol.  Oh no, they told us the lease cannot be changed at all, it’s “not possible” lol. Time to move on. Glad I caught this  A landlord can sell the house anytime, but leases carry over to the new owner. Having the ability to kick tenants out is valuable to the landlord and will result in them getting a higher sale price, hence the lease language below: 'S option, upon sale of premises or contract for sale entered into concerning the premises, and TENANT agrees to vacate within 30 days' written notice from LANDLORD. Congratulations on reading the lease before signing, OP. I would not sign that lease if you are looking for a full year lease, since you are clearly giving the landlord the option to terminate the lease when they sell the house - great for them, terrible for you. But at the end of the day, this is your choice. I would not sign this lease unless the language is removed.  It's legal, but you can also try to negotiate before you sign the lease. You can try to negotiate terms where the new owner will be required to honor the rental agreement until the end of the lease.  I don't think it's "standard", but it's a reasonable clause if the landlord doesn't intend to keep the property. You can either negotiate to have that removed or find a different place to rent. I think it's more typical that if the rental property is sold, your lease continues under the new owners (who may or may not want to continue the lease past the original term.) \+1 internet point to you for catching that clause before signing the lease! Is that standard...? That kinda sucks I think  That's what it appears to say. If the landlord sells the home, you have 30 days notice to vacate.  Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.