 My bank froze all my money due to a wage garnish request made by a law group that I’ve never heard of. I’ve never received any letters from them or phone calls. Their website says they deal in estate planning and construction but I don’t own any property (24M). I’ve called the law firm a bunch of times with no answer, what do I do?  Not sure where you're getting that from - debts can absolutely be sold that fast. But it doesn't matter; it's a safe bet they either bought the debt from Enterprise or are representing them, especially if you don't have any other debts, and it doesn't matter which of those things is true. And they can absolutely claim inflated 'legal fees' if they have to resort to lawyers to collect this debt. It's a common tactic. That doesn't meant they'll necessarily win that full amount - you can argue them down. But yes, if you owe a significant debt, they're going to come after you for it, and unless you live in a debtor-friendly state they can garnish your wages or seize your bank account. Which is to say that while you might be able to push back on the amount, or even get your funds temporarily unfrozen, your focus right now should be on figuring out how much money you can raise in the hopes of negotiating this debt down. Well I crashed an enterprise car about three months ago and owe $2800 but that’s not enough time to have tripled or for the debt to have been sold. Maybe it’s some other debt I don’t know about though. My credit hasn’t reported anything yet. The law group isn’t a collection agency or at least they don’t call themselves that anywhere online. I guess I can wait til Monday to start figuring it out but I’m panicking  They may not be representing anyone - it's common for debts to be sold. However, they would still be required to give you documentation on the source of the debt. Keep in mind that collection agencies are allowed to tack on interest legal fees, so if you legitimately owe money they may have inflated that amount. In which case, you're free to try to slow them down legally, but ultimately your best bet will be negotiating a payoff. Thanks for the help. It’s Saturday and the department at my bank that handles gets in on Monday, this may also be why the law group isn’t answering. The only debt that I can think of is for about a third of the amount of this garnish, hopefully it’s a mistaken identity. Is there anyway to see who this law group represents or anything? Do you have any outstanding debts that you know of, and if so, do you know who holds them now? I would immediately check your credit report. One of several things could be going on: \- An old legitimate debt that has finally caught up to you. \- Someone stealing your identity. \- Mistaken identity (you have a similar name to someone else who owes a debt). Have you followed up with the bank to get more information? They should not have frozen anything until given a court order, which would give you a place to start looking. Also, your employer may also get a similar letter, so be proactive with them.