 My girlfriend recently bought a used vehicle from a local dealership. It came with a 30 day warranty and everything was good. 5 days after the warranty expires, I was having the oil changed when the mechanic said there was a chunk of plastic missing from the tensioner pulley and it needed to be replaced ASAP. Damn, bad timing but ok, it was only a $170 to fix. Fast forward 2 months - her head gasket blows, requiring a new engine, new radiator, and a new starter. We scrape $5000 together for the repairs and pick the car up on Friday, but by Monday it was already being towed back to the dealership because the engine completely died. $220 spark plugs and they say it should be good to go, still takes 2-3 minutes to get this car started. She just had a meeting with the dealership today where they offered to buy her car back but are not willing to reimburse any of the $5,000 in repair costs or her $3,000 down payment. Are we simply screwed here or is there any course of legal action we can take? Any advice is greatly appreciated. I really appreciate your insight, we are working on getting an itemized invoice now  That seems unlikely, but ok. Also, that whole engine replacement seems fishy to me. Used engines are usually installed complete, with literally everything on them, since there's no waste time swapping things over. On the list of things that might be reused from the old engine, spark plugs are probably at the very bottom. It's idiotic. It's also practically impossible to remove or install spark plugs without at least noticing an issue bad enough to cause a no-start. I know this may sound like rambling, but it might be worth your time to request an itemized invoice for what was done, then take it and the car to a reputable mechanic, and pay them to check that what you paid for was actually done. Something doesn't add up. I’m admittedly not a car guy but from my understanding, the head gasket blowing was catastrophic and caused the engine to cease up. The engine replacement has 56,000 miles on it but they reused her old engine parts and didn’t inspect them, which is why we had to pay $220 for new spark plugs just a few days after picking it up  That’s what I figured. Her family has been pushing her to contact a lawyer but I’m just afraid of losing more money than we already have. Thanks for your insight  A head gasket blowing 3 months into your ownership doesn't really sound like a major previous issue. Possibly a small previous issue that was neglected, causing the head gasket to blow. It's also exceptionally rare to choose a $5000 engine replacement over a head gasket, so I'm assuming the blown head gasket was also ignored for a while, and resulted in extensive damage. The only possible case I see here is that after a rather expensive replacement engine (judging by the cost, it's either new or very lightly used), it's not running correctly. I would say you have a case to make them fix it correctly, since you already paid for it.  Unfortunately, after the 30 days any obligation they had for repairs was done. You can take the deal with them to buy back the car, but you'll likely end up losing money in the deal.