 Hello all, To start off, let me just say that this situation is fucked. On Tuesday night, I went on a dinner with a coworker, a dude. We are just friends. Had a good time and went home. Nothing serious. The morning comes around, and my now ex boyfriend wakes me up by showing me a picture of me and my coworker at the restaurant. He won’t believe that the coworker and I just had dinner as friends, so I get kicked out. Obviously, he has some trust issues. The thing is, the girl that took the picture works at the restaurant and I met her once 2 years ago at a party... and my ex and her aren’t even close at all. My question is, is this illegal to take and distribute pics taken from surveillance camera footage? If so, what can I do? I am in California so I don’t know the laws regarding this.  Again, even if there was, it would likely be protected opinion. Absent a statement that they engaged in some activity that they didn’t, the opinion of the crazy girl that they were having some sort of an illicit relationship is protected. Thanks! Just curious. I suppose I assumed that the picture was sent to OP’s boyfriend along with some claim of infidelity, but that was just me filling in the gaps with my own assumptions.  If she made a statement saying they were doing something, then maybe, but just providing a picture? No, and she would have to have included a false statement of fact, a statement of, “it looked like more than friends to me” would be protected as opinion. Moreover, there are no monetary damages so the claim would be pointless. NAL. Could it be considered slander for the restaurant employee to be distributing pictures of OP with another man under the guise that she wants to make it look like infidelity? Assuming we believe OP and that the statement of cheating is false? [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Not audio, and also you cannot expect privacy in a public space Ah okay. No, first it’s not audio, pictures are not covered by wiretap laws. Moreover, when you are in a public place where you have no reasonable expectation of privacy the wiretap laws don’t apply. Well, in two-party consent states, wouldn’t this technically be illegal? NAL and just curious. Yes but this is legal advice not r/morals . Unless that employee had some sort of duty of care towards the person then it isn’t a legal issue and has no reason to be brought up in this subreddit when the OP is specifically asking for legal advice.  Hi there! I am sorry this happened to you! I’m going to let you know what rights you have as a California Tenant. If you are on the lease, he can not kick you out, as you have just as much right to be there as he does. I would suggest you stay there (assuming you are safe), until you are off the lease to make sure he does nothing to the apartment you’ll be liable for. He can not kick you out. (If he is violent towards you in anyway, please call the police. They will remove him). If you are not on the lease and have been there for 30+ days, you are considered a month to month tenant and he is required to give you 30 days notice to move. If you are not on the lease and you have lived there for over a year (366 days) he must give you 60 days notice in which to move. Right now is a hard time to find apartments 🙈 I am hoping you have a lease and will have time to find a good place to move to, so that you can get on with your life, as the relationship is not healthy.  No. But it’s “inappropriate” for employees to do that sort of thing.  The first amendment is irrelevant here  [removed] [removed] [removed] I would go talk to her manager and let the Manager know that their employee's are taking photos of the customers. Explain to him the situation. Its not illegal what that person did, but No employer is going to like the idea of Customers complaining, or the threat of a bad review. She may get fired for it. Bad advice. Removed. Do not comment in this sub if you don’t know the law. Only warning.  Bad advice. Removed.  Because your statement is utter nonsense that has nothing to do with the law. If she was living there it is irrelevant if she was paying rent, utilities, or anything else. If she was living there she is a tenant entitled to proper notice. Even if she wasn’t living there, your statement assumes she was and is legally inaccurate. I am so tempted to. It was out of line. She’s a grown adult...  Nope, even if she doesn’t pay rent she is certainly a tenant who must be provided with written notice terminating the tenancy. Thank you. Will keep that mind.  /u/Oohcomethru you should be aware the police are unlikely to do anything past tell your ex that there was an illegal eviction and help you collect any personal items. The police will generally not force there other person to let you in, and indeed without a court order they cannot do so. The cops are not going to create a situation where there is the potential for domestic violence. What you can do is file a lawsuit for unlawful eviction and collect damages related to the eviction from your ex. Your ex will need to properly provide you with written notice terminating your tenancy to force you out. IANAL but if she lives there he still has to give her notice to evict her legally. Whether she pays rent or not. Thank you. Unfortunately, it’s a family owned restaurant...  You should call the restaurant and speak to the owner/manager. If it is corporate owned escalate up. The server will most likely be fired if it is corporate owned. This is the opposite of customer service. [removed] Great, thank you. I’m moving my ass back in lmao.  If you live in the same apartment as your (ex) boyfriend then he cannot unilaterally evict you (kick you out). Depending on whether you’re on the lease it may be in your best interest not to leave (assuming he isn’t the violent type) as you’re still responsible for rent and damages to the unit. As for the pictures, what the others said, they’re legal.  Thanks for the advice.  Alright I get it lol.  Your dispute, such as it is, is with your ex. If you were living with your ex and have been evicted without notice, you may be able to recover some of your short-term accommodation expenses while you look for a new place. If you agreed to leave, then you're done. There is nothing illegal about taking a photograph of you in a public setting, or of sharing that photo with people - or even about using it to mislead people, short of defamation (which this isn't). Would you feel the same way if someone stole your bag off the table and the law prevented the restaurant from sharing the footage with you? Nothing illegal happened. You have a relationship issue not a legal issue except you can't just be kicked out of your home like that.  Man that’s fucked.. okay, thanks!  Nothing about this is illegal. People are free to take pictures of you in public, they are free to share pictures. It’s unfortunate, but nothing illegal happened here.