 I bought a small house with a bad roof that needs to be replaced sometime next summer. I knew this fully going in but asked for the cost of the repairs to be removed from the offer, they countered and said "everything else on the inspection list will be repaired in place of the roof costs being deducted." Those are exact words from the contract. This includes small things like electric box covers in the open ceiling of the basement, door frames that were rotted at the bottom, carpet tears that are in the basement and various other things. The cost of "other" repairs is likely around $2,000 all in. Do I have a leg to stand on if I take pictures that replicate the inspectors pictures of the issues? Would I take them to small claims or should I contact my realtor or the bank? It depends on the language of the contract. I don't think taking possession of the home by itself automatically waives all your legal rights, but I could be wrong (IANAL). But it's small claims court; the worst that happens is you'd be out your filing fees. Would I even be able to get any ground on this with no after inspection? Would my realtor have to contribute based on his contribution to this? Should I let anyone else know of the situation like the bank stating that the contract or bill of sale was not followed? Well, you can always start with a demand for professional fixes (up to the small claims max, of course), then see if they'll settle for less just to avoid everyone the pain. Alright, that was kind of what I thought, but didn't know if because the repairs were not done the ability to get the roof out of it instead was possible. Just from knowledge of doing it my self, I think it would be around $2,000 or so with just materials and I could do it my self, but can see it easily getting to 5-6k with a contractor doing it "right." I will get some quotes on the small repairs included in the inspection (there are others definitely missed during that, which could not be seen with tenants). Small claims would be max 6k in my area, depending on the quotes I might be bumping up to that number pretty closely but wouldn't want to push into a full on legal battle. That's the language you'll want to lean on, then. Get a contractor to come in and estimate what needs to be done to cross stuff off that list, then sue them in small claims. The list of things on the inspection that needs to be repaired is very small, but 3 outside entrance doors, the frame that was rotted around 2 of them, weather seal on one, 3 electrical box covers, cracked siding that is still in place, loose bathroom fixtures in the tub, floor divider covers that were loose. The wording is "small fixes that exclude roof included in the inspection report." Emails from the realtor say "they will fix everything else in place of the roof costs being excluded. Any other offer will be ignored as they have other buyers lined up." "Anything and everything" is not language that's going to fly in court. Was there a specific itemized list of fixes to be undertaken? I mean, no house is perfect, so you need to make sure you can demonstrate exactly what from the inspection report you expected to be fixed. I need to go over the final contract again, but from my last glance it was anything and everything besides the roof. They promised you the small fixes, so you are owed the small fixes (or the equivalent cost). Did you and they ever agree on exactly what those fixes from the 'inspection list' were? That's a fair point and something I am kicking my self for. It's something I think would be a hurdle in court proceedings, but I am relying on communication and contract terms specifically and the original inspection pictures/report. Why did you not inspect the house to ensure that the work was done before you closed and took possession?