 I have people living in my basement and apparently it's illegal in NYC (Queens). The tenant on the first floor found out and is threatening to report us to the department of buildings unless we let them live there rent free for 3 months and pay all their utilities. And upon leaving we have to pay them a 1k move out fee. They want us to sign a contract with the stated terms. Thry also haven't played any utilities since moving in for the past 5 months. There lease with this tenant. What is my best course of action here?  Don’t worry about it. To tell you the truth, the city of NY doesn’t care at all. I lived in a first floor apt and had crazy neighbors in the basement living rent free and being obnoxious, they were “anonymously” reported but the city just sent letters about it, didn’t really do anything. They didn’t care about it at all past the letters saying it was illegal. So, you’ll be fine, let them complain. But I would take them to court and evict them for extortion and manipulation or unpaid rent.  No, signing is bad. You need a lawyer. Now.  This is somewhat common in NYC. "Professional tenants" take advantage of the fact that lots of landlords aren't savvy about the law, combined with the fact that NYC is incredibly tenant friendly. Don't sign anything. If you agree to their terms, there is a 0% chance that they're going to actually move out in three months. They're simply going to keep extending it. Go talk to a landlord/tenant lawyer and talk about evicting them. Note that these tenants seem to know how to game the system and evicting these kinds of people can take upwards of six months and cost you thousands of dollars. If it was me (I'm an NYC landlord) I'd offer them $5k to cut the bullshit and be out in 10 days. Payable only when the unit is empty and I have the keys. I wouldn't hold my breath on them accepting though.  Absolutely do NOT sign that. This will not get them off your back it will only embolden them. Now they know they are able to successfully extort you and will find more demands. It does nothing to stop them from reporting you after you meet their demands. Also, signing it basically says that you knew the basement unit was illegal. Immediately speak with a lawyer. They will be able to help you protect yourself, tell you how to remediate the basement situation with the city, and how to deal with these tenants.  Contact posted in edit Contract posted in edit above Do not sign the contract, I am not a lawyer but I feel there are only two ways that contract will be formed... 1.) It promises you their silence, in which case signing it would prove you were complicit and knowledgeable about the crime itself. Or 2.) It does not promise their silence (attempting to avoid part 1) in which case you arm them with a contract seemingly out of nowhere that guarantees them benefits, where they could still report you and it would be a win/win for them, with you being forced to file duress for commuting a crime if you wanted to challenge it. When it comes to the legal options, your primary focus should be finding a lawyer to help you work out how to move the tenants in the basement out of your house legally and graciously as it was a simple but distinct mistake.  Are you positive that your situation is illegal? There are instances where renting out a basement is permitted: [\_BasementCellar-new.pdf]() They are attempting to extort you. Meet with a lawyer asap. They can assist you with navigating the legality of your basement unit and dealing with the 1st floor tenants.  No. Lawyer first. Don't sign anything that the lawyer tells you not to.  Should I sign the contract to get this guy off my shoulders then claim duress if later challenged?