  Title basically says it all. I own my own motorcycle and also have "his" bike in my posession. He is filing for bankruptcy in new york. The bike was purchased in Florida where I am a resident. He bought a motorcycle for 2500 dollars through paypal and immediately put it in my name. The bike has never been in his name. He told me he wanted to do this so when he filed for bankruptcy they wouldn't be able to find it. Unfortunately I have no records of this as it was spoken of in person. We broke up and he moved back home. He sent my father a message saying I have 48 hours to pay him for the bike or else he is going to take me to court as he says I owe him that money. Is there any truth in this? At first he told me he listed the bike as a "gift" to me when he filed for bankruptcy. Now he is saying it was a loan. There is no paperwork or anything signed saying that there was a loan agreement. Any advice welcome. Click on your name in the upper right corner. Click the Comments tab. Just start clicking Delete at the bottom of all the comments. You'll be fine. It's just general good policy to limit your exposure, and you've got some here. "I received a gift" Nothing more, to anyone, ever.  You're right. How do I delete lol Incorrect. Accessory after the fact is a thing. He bought you a gift. Period. No more. No assumptions. No mention of any implicit or explicit crime being committed by anyone. The best thing to do would be to delete all of this shit. If anyone knows or could figure out your reddit handle, you could have some issues because you're clearly a participant in this. The only way that your particpance can be proven is if you admit it, which is what you've done here. You have the Right to Remain Silent. Don't dig your own grave.  I know I'm really beating the drum here. But you need to delete all of this shit because you've just admitted to being an accessory to Bankruptcy Fraud. I had no knowledge that it was his intention to do so. I only assumed after the fact. Thank you for the advice. Do not, in any way, acknowledge any knowledge of his supposed scheme. Here or anywhere else. It was a crime. A crime you have no knowledge of whatsoever, as that would make you a participant/accessory. He bought you a gift. Period. You have zero assumptions beyond that. [removed] Hahaha I agree. Hence the reason he's my ex. Thanks for the laugh. You have 0 liability here... Tell him thanks for the bike and go fuck yourself. He scammed himself...what a dick.  Yup, pretty much no matter what you'll be fine. Him on the other hand... lol. Yes there is absolutely nothing in writing. All these comments are making me feel better lol. He's desperate for cash and grasping at straws. He isn't too bright. If he's got nothing in writing indicating that the agreement was that it was his, he's going to have a hard time convincing a judge that the bike belongs to him. If he does have something in writing, again he's committing perjury. He has zero legs to stand on and he can go pound sand. If I were you, I would take great pleasure in him taking you to small claims, and watching the judge's reaction. You don't owe him squat. Thank you thats what I was thinking. He put it in my name with my knowledge and consent with the agreement he would put it in his name eventually. The bike is registered and titled to me. I don't think he has a leg to stand on and anyone with a brain can see he did all this with the intention of committing fraud.  He's an idiot and you've got yourself a free motorcycle. Further, if he tries to pursue some legal action against you using his commission of fraud as a defense strategy, it's not going to end well for him. He bought you a gift. You don't know anything about his alleged illegal schemes to defraud the bankruptcy court. Period. Assume that you are being recorded if he tries to contact you in any way to enlist you in or acknowledge having knowledge of his illegal schemes, which you have no idea of or any part in. You received a gift and you don't have to give it back or reimburse him. It was very nice of your ex to give you a motorcycle. He doesn't get to demand payment for gifts. Ignore him unless served. If served show up to court and explain that the bike was gifted to you by him. As his bankruptcy paperwork states. Watch the judge be thoroughly unamused at your ex.  I was thinking the same thing. I don't have it in writing but it seems pretty obvious. Why else would someone with a valid license put they're bike in someone elses name?  If he put it in your name without your full knowledge and permission he committed fraud. Intentionally hiding assets from bankruptcy proceedings is illegal (perjury) as well. He can go ahead and sue you. If he does, he either... Doesn't own the bike, it's yours. Bankruptcy proceedings said it was a gift to you, that will be an excellent way to wrap up a small claims case quickly. If he disagrees with that assessment he's admitting to committing perjury. He has no evidence that it was a loan. May have committed fraud if he opened it in your name without your knowledge and consent. If for some reason he does actually own the bike (which he doesn't), he committed perjury. You can't just pretend your stuff belongs to someone else to avoid legal responsibilities and then take it back when convenient. The guy's an idiot. Glad he's your ex lol.  . The bike has never been in his name. He told me he wanted to do this so when he filed for bankruptcy they wouldn't be able to find it. Oh gosh, please tell him to do so. If he does, please promise to record the judge's reaction when he tells them "your honor, OP owes me this money for this bike I signed over to them so I can hide it from my bankruptcy." It's going to go over so well. 