 Hey this is my first post and I'm on my phone so sorry for formatting. I came into work yesterday and found a returned package on my desk. It looks like something that was sent to Canada and returned. It has my first initial and last name and my work address in the from section. I did not send this package at all. When I opened the package it was a really weird handwritten note from the owners maybe and some cannabis supplements and like stickers and postcards from their company. I have never heard of this company before. They look like a real business but when I tried to find their business address I couldn't see anything online. Should I confront the business and tell them to not send using my information or just destroy the package? It's really weird and I'm not really sure what to do. Thank you! Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. It is ILLEGAL to mail anything with THC in the USA. don't touch them and call the non emergency line ASAP. explain the situation and have an officer come to pick them up and to take down a report. Get a copy of that report. Take the report down to the post office yourself ASAP and explain the situation so that they can put a hold on any other packages and investigate the situation as well. someone is hiding behind your identity to move drugs.  It is not legal to mail these capsules. Marijuana may be recreationally legal in your state, but that is still only at the state level. Marijuana is federally illegal, and our mailing services is a federal system. Whoever sent this package is illegally trafficking drugs, and using your information to do so. I would call the non emergent number as soon as possible, and make sure not to tamper with the items.  In the Reddit app, up next to the sub name, with a map marker icon next to it. I don't see it on the web version. Edit: Another post is tagged "Osceola County School District" in a similar fashion, so I'm not sure how the location tag is picked. Perhaps related, LocationBot hasn't tagged this post, though that might be because of the mention of Canada. Thank you for the response! It's good to know I wasn't blowing this out of proportion location-tagged? I don't see anything that says Oakland. Hmm... The post is location-tagged "Oakland." I presume that means Oakland, CA. OP didn't include a location so I don't know if they are even in the US. The police will also help sort out your address issue. This could very possibly be classified as fraud, depending on their reasoning for using your address.  I would contact the police and wipe my hands clean of this then. If you decide not to and the police notice these packages, it doesn’t look very good for you! Mailing drugs is considered interstate drug trafficking, whether the business is legit or not.  Thank you for the advice!! I might reach out to the non-emergency line, I mean I'm sure it's legal to mail these capsules but if they're using my information it probably means that something else is going on Sorry I have been at work! They are THC infused capsules. I'm not too worried about that side of it, more just that they used my information at all. The package itself seems really sketchy. The only note in there is on a crumpled piece of paper Edit: formatting Well, that’s only relevant If this is a THC product. It could be CBD, or even Cannabis lotion. OP didn’t specify. Yep. Though some states have legalized it, federal law, especially across state and country lines, makes mailing it a big no-no in every US jurisdiction I can think of. I don't think it's legal to mail weed in any US jurisdiction. You can toss the package or turn it over to the police. I don't know if it is illegal to mail weed in your jurisdiction. As such, you might want to turn it in to the police since this could have been happening for a while and you may wind up getting caught up in all this because you knew something illicit was going on and did not report it. If this eventually gets investigated you wouldn't be able to honestly answer that you had no idea that this was going on.