 My sister was in a car accident last night. She has left behind her 3 year old son. I (25M) in Oklahoma am wanting to gain Emergency custody of my nephew. His father(28M) has been in jail for the past 6 months and I believe he is serving a 2 year sentence due to excessively breaking protection of abuse orders filed by my sister. My sister has been living with our dad (61) for the last year and a half. And has essentially been watching after my nephew while my sister was going to full time school. What steps can I or should I take to gain custody of my nephew. Thanks in advance. If there are any questions I can answer please ask away. I'm worried about what will happen to my nephew. Against the mother, maybe. But he's the child's sole remaining parent. Unless there were also credible accusations of child abuse, he should be able to regain custody. Whoever has custody of the child in the meantime might be ordered to bring him to the jail for visitation with dad.  Nope, he's the father and he has a presumptive and very strong, legal right to be the father. I'm not a lawyer, but from what I've read on this sub, and assuming nothing particularly egregious against his child, and especially if he got an attorney, I would expect the court to give him custody. Again, I don't know Kansas law, but generally speaking, it's difficult to permanently remove custody from a legal parent. Op said he was in jail due to breaking protection orders due to abuse. I’m guessing spousal abuse, but a dude convicted in connection with domestic abuse and hasn’t seen him in two years should have a hard time getting primary custody of his kid, no? I just want to prepare you, if the father wants custody when he gets out, he can likely do so, especially if there were no child abuse issues (and possibly even if there were). If he suspects that you want to maintain custody, he can make your life miserable. To piggyback off the potential life insurance through work, definitely check for either employer paid and also payroll deduction life policies, and accidental death coverage (AD D). If it’s through her employer or through payroll deductions, the benefits coordinator should hopefully be able to help y’all get a claim started. Check her bank and credit card statements when available to review for deductions for any potential supplemental policies(keeping in mind sometimes people pay annually, semi annual, quarterly or monthly). I work for a supplemental benefits company and this is advice we give if someone calls the company thinking they have a policy with us and do not...it may seem daunting but could prove helpful to your nephew. I’m sorry for your loss.  NAL. Just wanted to offer my condolences. I'm truly sorry for your loss. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I am very sorry for your loss. You need to see if your sister had a will in which she identified what should happen to her son if she passed away. If she identified you or your father then it should be relatively straightforward as far as temporary custody. However, unless the father's rights have been terminated, he will be able to seek to get his son back when he comes out of jail. You may seek to terminate his rights based on the abuse. Of course, your focus is right now, and that is where it should be. Otherwise, in a dispute between you and him, your father actually would have the best chance of getting custody since the child lives with him. If he decides to seek custody, that is. Given the situation, if he does not decide to seek custody, you should have a pretty good chance of getting it. You will need to file in family court for custody. Your best bet is to retain a lawyer who is familiar with custody matters (a family law attorney) to help you. Keep in mind that the father's family may also seek custody. Given the child has been living with your family, your chances are better. Next, you also have financial considerations. First, if the crash was someone else's fault, you will need to see about a lawyer to represent the child's interests in a wrongful death lawsuit. You also will want to look into Social Security benefits for him. In addition, you should check with her employer and find out if she has any life insurance policy with work. You will also need to find out if there are any other life insurance policies that she might have gotten to protect her son. At her age, she may not have thought of any of this.  Have you talked to your father about this? He has a better claim for custody than you do. The child's father will prove to be an issue, you should contact an attorney to help you with that. Consult with a family law attorney.  Apply on the child's behalf for social security survivor's benefits. Did she have life insurance? Notify her employer to see if they had any plans in place.