 Background - Oregon, employed for 2 years no non-compete. Home office, with work provided equipment (physically segregated from personal equipment BTW) . New management has sent out a non-compete/confidentiality agreement they want everyone to sign. I would not be getting a raise or anything additional besides the implied continuing employment for signing this. I am fine with the standard clauses - Return work equipment on leaving Certify I've destroyed any work documents in writing No solicitation or working for customers for 18 months. However there is one clause I am not okay with - They want to be able to demand access to my PERSONAL (note NOT WORK owned or USED for work) electronics to verify I've destroyed any work docs. To be clear these are personal items not owned by work, and not used for work in any way. (There is also a different policy I've signed previously which specifically states no work documents can be stored on personal devices - except for private/work cell phone) I have communicated with them what parts I am willing to accept and that I could accept the personal devices if it was changed to "personal devices that both employee and employer agree may be used for work related items" (my cell for example) or that clause otherwise removed. They have tried to pressure me into signing this and I re-iterated the parts I would sign but that I will NOT sign the doc in it's current form. Is their demand for access to my personal devices even legal? If not do I have any recourse?  One thing I read here often is that for a contract to be valid, both sides need to gain. And continuing employment under the same conditions (pay/benefits) is not gain. So were this to go to court, the theory is that without you gaining any benefit from signing, that the contract should be nullified. Someone else here may agree with you that this clause is completely unnecessary. However as I’ve already said, I don’t think it’s invalid on its face. I do agree with you that problems could arise when your employer tries to enforce it, but until that happens those are all just hypothetical scenarios.  Based on their behavior I believe they would try to enforce it. Without clear guidelines as to exactly how - do they watch me open every file? Do they COPY my hard drive(s)? How could I even prove I've given them access to ALL my devices? Shouldn't the clause that I CERTIFY in writing I have destroyed their documentation be enough?  So the issue here, as you’ve written it, is that the employer may be seeking to access personal devices, yes, but they’re doing so to verify you’ve destroyed company documents. In general, I think the request is legal and reasonable. But again, it would really only become an issue at the time they attempt to enforce it. For example, the employer could overreach. But again, if they have a reasonable belief that your personal devices contain company documents, essentially your employer’s property, I do think it is legal and reasonable for them to have some assurance or verification that you’ve destroyed those documents at the time of your separation.  I understand the enforcement part, however as written it is so open ended that it could include virtually everything in my house with no real way to prove I complied nor any description about how they would go about verifying compliance. As I have health/credit/tax information etc. There is no way I am going to sign it as-is. One of the reasons I'm wondering if this is legal - I know it is illegal in Oregon for an employer to demand access to private "social media" accounts/passwords/material. Some of which would be on the equipment in question. If it comes down to it I'm okay with losing the job. I'm just curious if the demand is in fact legal or not.  There’s a difference between having this clause in the document and your employer being able to enforce it. If your employer did try to enforce this in court, I think they would need to show they have a reasonable belief that you had/have work documents on your personal devices. However the thing to remember is if you’re an at-will employer, even if that clause is potentially unenforceable, your employer can still fire you for refusing to sign. 