 \\Background\\ I live in Nebraska and in June we called multiple irrigation companies and set up a few appointments saying we would hire the first company to come saying that they needed to confirm with us a day beforehand. After we found one who came two weeks before the others we cancel the services of the other companies when they called to confirm. The other companies were able to accept the cancellation, but one company never confirmed the visit with us and later that month sent us a charge for a trip that we did not agree to as well as having no proof of even showing up at our house. They claim to have GPS proof however they refused to show it to us. We know that it is not true because at the time my son did not have school during summer break and was at home during the period that they claimed to arrive and did not see them ever show up. When they called me to demand that I pay, but when I asked why they did not confirm with me before they came to my house, they were very rude and just claimed to have GPS proof (which they refused to show me). I told them I would be happy to pay them if they just showed me this evidence, but they continued to refuse to show it to me. After this I called them to dispute the charges and they were incredibly disrespectful and immediately hung up the phone on me once I requested proof of their visit. After the this call they never picked up again and completely ignored my calls. Since they refused to answer my calls and ignored me, I didn't think much about this dispute. \\Situation\\ They are unwilling to discuss the charges and do not respond to my contact. Fast forward to yesterday, I received another invoice with multiple $25 late fees. They did not attempt to contact me or send me any invoices between this one and the initial invoice. In addition to the arbitrary trip charge and the late fees, they are also threatening to file a Lien on my property with the city. They did not perform any service on my property nor did they even show up for an appointment. Is there anything that I can do to prevent the Lien from being placed on my property without having to pay the unjustified charges? Thank you in advance for your help. \\\\\ TLDR: Irrigation company claims to have shown up to my house for service. Their company did not show up and they are unwilling to provide proof of their visit. They sent a huge bill and are are threatening to place a Lien on my property.  Write to them disputing the bill, and keep a copy for your records. 