 This is in Ontario btw. A raccoon family is currently in the walls of the house I'm renting out. I tried calling wildlife removal but they said they need permission from the homeowner, the problem is he is notoriously unresponsive and it is likely I won't be able to reliably contact him within the week or longer. Is there a service I can contact to override this requirement or some way of getting the animals removed without direct permission from the landlord? The landlord is responsible for timely maintenance of the property. Pest control is part of that. What is your arrangement if there were to be a fire, flood or other urgent emergency? Do you think the landlord receives your communications and is just slow to respond or is there some reason they might not get your messages for a week or more? If you believe the landlord is receiving your message but is not responsive, you can threaten them with an LTB filing if they don't act within a reasonable amount of time to respond to maintenance issues. If you decide to do that, let them know within what time frame you will be filing if the issue is not addressed and stick to it. I've never had a raccoon in my walls so I don't know how urgent the problem really is. If you don't have a neighbour on the other side of that wall, the internet suggests loud talk radio or sounds of dogs and wildlife might disturb them. They are nocturnal so you'd want to just leave that on pretty loud next to the wall where you think they're nesting during the day. The LTB occasionally requires landlords to reimburse tenants where landlords have been unresponsive, the cost is demonstrably reasonable, and the maintenance issue couldn't wait. I can't tell you if this meets their criteria. If you did decide to pay out of pocket and try to get reimbursed, make sure you have written records of every attempt to call, text, e-mail, or send mail to the landlord. Document any quotes you got for removing the raccoons. If you can get any of those companies to state in writing that they agree the removal is urgent and can't wait a week that would also be helpful.  [removed] Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.