 For background, I am 18 and female and live at home with my parents. I have never been in legal trouble and am known in my school and community for my academics and involvement. Last night I decided I wanted to smoke with some friends so I picked them up and rolled up a blunt and we were on our way to start smoking. Being the idiot that I am, I forgot to turn my lights back on after having them off while rolling. We got pulled over about 30 seconds after sparking the blunt and managed to get rid of it before pulling over. Once pulled over, the cop came to the window and asked for my license and why I had my lights off. I also had one extra person in my car. He then asked how much weed we had in the car because he could obviously smell it. I showed him the gram of weed I had in a bag in my center console and he asked whose it was. I said it was mine and he asked me to step out of the vehicle. I was searched, handcuffed, and put in the car. He asked if i had anything else in the car and I told him about my clearly visible pipe in my purse. They then removed everybody from the car and put then into cop cars, I was the only one cuffed the entire time, though. They searched my car and found the weed, 3 grams of wax, a wax vaporizing pen, my pipe, and other dabbing and smoking tools. They then gave my keys to one of my friends and told me I was under arrest for possession of paraphernelia and controlled substances. I was brought to the station and got my mug shots and fingerprints taken and then was told that I was being charged with only one misdemeanor, possession of drug paraphernelia, and two warnings, driving without lights and an unsecured passenger. They then asked me who I bought from and I told them because I was panicking knowing that I could have been charged with a felony. I was told “I helped you out so help us out.” They then told me about HYTA and let me go to the lobby to call a ride home. I haven’t told my parents yet because I don’t want to ruin the holiday and I’m not sure what steps to take now. I know it’s about to be legalized, but it’s not yet. Tell your parents. They are your greatest asset, (assuming they aren’t abusive.) You definitely need an attorney, because this can affect your schooling/university. The money part might be manageable, you may be able to set up a payment plan with your lawyer, I had a speeding ticket for going 88 in a 55 and I had to pay $250 before the court date and $250 after, lawyers usually push court dates back so you should have time to come up with the cash I hope but all situations are different. Just look out for the mail coming to your house because you’re gonna get a load of letters from different lawyers asking to represent you. I hope all goes well! And if you’re truly scared of getting put out then remind your parents that you’re young and they can’t expect you to be the perfect child and if they kick you out and something bad happens to you then that guilt will be on them forever. Thank you for the advice. I know I got insanely lucky and I’m not complaining at all. I just have never been through this process before and don’t know how to go about getting an attorney. I can’t afford one on my own but I want to avoid telling my parents if it’s possible. Or I might tell them on Monday, I’m really not sure yet. I’m afraid of being kicked out of my house. You need a lawyer to lessen the charges, possibly file a motion to suppress but the cop was right and overly nice to you. That vapor pen alone was a felony. Either way you have a record now so see if you can get it expunged. Having any amount of weed is a misdemeanor, meaning you can’t serve over a year in prison for it unless you’re trafficking it but stay away from concentrates and vapes and “instruments for consumption” you get caught then that’s a felony charge so don’t stress too much over a misdemeanor, you won’t get locked up just pay what’s due.