 (Midwestern United States) The teaching hospital attached to my medical school is charging me $732,000 for surgeries I never had. I am a first year medical student there, so I cannot raise that big of a stink. It all began when my older brother got fired from his job in retaliation for his complaint against his boss. He worked and lives in the sticks. This was a little over a year ago. On Thanksgiving weekend I drove down to see how my bro was coping after his being fired. He seemed depressed, so I suggested we go fishing at a lake that is between where he lives and my medical school. The road to the lake is super-desolate. We were talking about alternative careers - like my bro could start a karate class in his small town. But he said there's already a karate class taught by someone else. On the way, we saw a broken-down vehicle with two men flagging us down. My bro speaks fluent Spanish and when he saw the two men were Mexican, he asked me to pull over. It was a stick up and the men asked us for our wallets and my watch. My bro calmly handed everything over and asked me to do the same. Not satisfied, the two men insisted on getting valuables from our car too. We gave them our phones, backpacks and all things that caught their interest in our car. However, the two men insisted on taking my bro's five month-old BRT (black russian terrier, awesome Russian military dog, the equivalent of the police german shepherd in Russia) too. This wasn't acceptable and within a half second my brother knocked down one of the two guys. The next instant, the other guy was knocked down senseless too. Out of nowhere, a third guy appeared from the bushes and shot my bro in the stomach. I started the car and my bro jumped into the car too but the guy shot him in the buttocks too. I drove him to my medical college hospital, which was the closest hospital at that point. My brother lost a lot of blood and the bill for his treatment was $732,000. He sent the hospital his termination letter, his food stamps letter and his financial details. The hospital billed me instead. I told them I hadn't had the surgeries, but they continued to bill me. I spoke to my Dean and she said she didn't want to get involved as the matter was beyond her jurisdiction. I refused to pay. My hospital sold the $732,000 bill to external debtors who have been harassing me ever since. They are ruining my credit and I'm finding it hard to get the loans I need. I cannot raise a HUGE stink about this because I will be rotating at the hospital myself in a couple years. The unfortunate thing is, that's often how Healthcare Works in America. They sometimes count on you signing those forms without reading them for exactly the reason that you are experiencing right now. If you did sign something making you financially responsible, your best bet is probably to file for bankruptcy. I understand that filing for bankruptcy sounds extremely scary, but it might be a lot less scary than the other options in this situation. I'm really sorry for what you're going through and I can definitely empathize, but it seems that you are in a very difficult position right now. It doesn't matter. If you did sign a form taking responsibility for payment then you are legally on the hook unless the hospital chooses to forgive the debt. But since they have now sold it to outside creditors then your way forward is to send a debt validation letter and carefully see what they send back. It doesn't matter if you think that 'its unreasonable'. This is American healthcare. You might also want to declare bankruptcy to discharge that debt. Happens all the time. [Example of who qualifies and what the fund potentially covers from my state]() just so you have an idea. They just shoved a bunch of papers in my hand and asked me to sign all of them. Too small to read. Too many to read. All at a time when four doctors and 3-5 residents and 3-5 nurses were in the room talking to me and asking me questions. They said it's just a formality. There were also police in the room asking questions about whether I had seen the Mexican men before, if I can describe their car, if I can identify them, etc. The cops were in fact trying to determine if I had shot my brother and was making up the story about the Mexican men!! There was no time to process anything. If they had given me a form saying they will publicly hang me in an hour, I would have signed that too without realizing what I was signing. If you happen to sign forms that made you financially responsible, it doesn't matter what the circumstances were that you signed to them. The ERS required to stabilize you and isn't allowed to deny treatment. If you try to tell a judge or somebody that you signed the papers because it was a life-or-death situation, they are not going to agree with you because the ER cannot just let you die.  I was never in the hospital. Why should I pay?  At the time, you/your brother should have investigated whether the bill could be reduced based on charity care or retroactive eligibility for Medicaid (varies by state). Unfortunately now that it has been a year and the bill is with collectors, there’s probably not much you can do. You may need to consider declaring bankruptcy.  Your state might have a crime victim's compensation fund that could help with medical costs. States vary on their requirements for compensation so you would need to search for it in your state. Obviously fight the collections debt first but if you're unsuccessful, this could be an option for your brother (and you). Edit: and you can sue them civilly for medical bills, but odds are roadside thieves won't have money. Look at the victim's compensation fund. Doesn't work in practice. They stabilize you to the least extent possible, discharge you from the ER and take you upstairs. Then unless you sign, they don't go forward with the treatment. You can always refuse to sign. The hospital can’t deny emergency treatment to someone who is clearly experiencing a medical emergency.  Because they might be responsible for financial damages.  Not to our knowledge. Why do you ask? Were any of these men convicted of the crime? That looks good as well. Make sure to send it certified mail and see what they send you.  How is this one? -  Thanks. Then you need to get a copy of what you signed. If you did sign something saying you would pay then have a lawyer go over it. You might be able to argue you signed under duress and were not properly notified what you were signing.   Thats a good one. Keep it simple and don't admit to anything or pay anything.  Then it is likely that you signed agreeing to take financial responsibility for his treatment and the debt is valid Looking for online samples now. Send a debt validation letter. How can I find that out? The financial department at the hospital isn't talking to me. They say they are not involved any more and the matter is with external collection agencies. They sold the debt to external collectors after they realized my bro has nothing. You need to find out what you signed.   't sign anything I don't remember what I signed but I was required to sign a ton of papers. When you take your brother who has been shot in for surgeries, they shove a bunch of papers and you have no choice but to sign them all. There's no time even to read them because it is a life and death situation.  If it's not your treatment and you didn't sign anything assuming or guaranteeing the debt it's not yours. But don't just ignore it either.