 I found a fossilized tooth of a Pleistocene era Camel while wading through a shallow river on my property. I had it identified through a friend who practices geology and it was confirmed to be an actual fossil. Am I legally able to keep it or do I turn it in somewhere?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I’m arguing against the one specific line of criticism. (“Nutty Ninth” etc.) I’m not interested in straying too far from that point in this specific thread because I’m here specifically to argue against this particular criticism. I’m open to the idea that there are other criticisms, but I’m not open to the idea that this specific criticism is not in fact a line of argument used by conservatives, particularly as we see it here in this thread. Again, my sole point is that this line of argument is not a valid one, and in this particular thread I’m aggressively uninterested in getting side-tracked by related but distinct issues. [removed] Ha! Good point. Needed another cup of coffee. [removed] The rulings with a "21% chance of being upheld" is a very small sample of the 9th circuit's rulings. Nearly all 9th circuit decisions stand as federal precedent just as every other district court ruling does. Wyoming Wyoming It is on private land in Wyoming, the Shirley Basin area. It had something to do with my ass and prehistoric parasites.  Sure, but that’s not any ruling, is it? Just the ones that are taken up by the supreme court. Edit: furthermore, according to [these numbers](), the Supreme Court has reversed 70% of all cases taken up since 2007, and ten out of twelve federal circuits have reversal rates at or greater than 60%. In fact, the 9th is only the 4th-most-reversed circuit by percentage. Why no vitriol for the 6th, 8th, or 11th? Sounds to me like the Supreme Court mostly takes cases specifically because they want to reverse them, and “the 9th circuit is full of activist judges” is a fake problem used by conservatives as a boogeyman. I know, that's why I said "chance of being upheld". If challenged in the SCOTUS a 9th circus ruling is reversed 79% of the time 21% of cases taken up by the Supreme court, which is not most of them. Edit: [Here]() is a congressional report about the rate of cases reversed by the Supreme Court, by circuit. Turns out you were right! The 9th is most frequently reversed, with a rate of 0.25% of all cases. Again, the higher percentage often quoted is the percentage of cases taken up by the Supreme Court that are overturned. Most cases are not taken up by the Supreme Court. I hope this makes you feel more confident about the legitimacy of the federal judiciary! [removed] Law School? At any rate, you are spot on. Isn't this basic property law? He or she found this on their land. Therefore, I would make the presumption that it is legally their property. Moreover, I almost have a degree in geology, yet I could not tell the difference between the picture and a rock.  Just hide it and keep it man Yeah you’re good. If it’s in your property than it’s good. The appraisal will cost way more than the value of the tooth. A Pleistocene single tooth from a herbivore would have only curiosity value. Also replying to find out where, because I want to go to there. There is also a massive black market in meteorites from North Africa. Because of the uniform colour of sand in the Sahara desert, it is very easy to spot meteorites on the sand. In Morocco, if you find a meteorite out in the desert on public land, it is yours. In Algeria, the government has claim to any meteorites on public land, and thus there is a significant effort to traffic meteorites from Algeria to Morocco so that one can claim they found them there, and thus sell them.  Not to mention any ruling from the 9th circus has a 21% chance of being upheld You've got me curious now. Where would I find such a thing? and where would this be? Yep, like I said, probably won't break a hundred bucks even at a convention. More value as a really neat curio on the mantle. No there's actually a black market. Fossils recovered from government lands, fossils that go missing from private or public collections. Even the relatively small collections department at the University where I worked was in a basement and looked similar to a low ceilinged version of Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark. If a disreputable undergrad walked off with something from a cabinet in the back, odds are it wouldn't be discovered for years. I opened cabinets to retrieve stuff that wasn't there and nobody had the faintest idea where it went. As much as we'd like to think people are nice and scientists are interested in science for its own sake, there's shady people in every field. I know where there are literally dinosaur leg bones sticking out of the ground and weathering away because no one wants them. I don't think anyone would be interested in a mammoth tooth..or anything else, unless it is some kind of unique specimen. Just curious - is the trade in fossils actually a ‘black market’ or was that tongue-in-cheek? Generally speaking, the rule for finding something in water is finders keepers. I'm gonna assume it said 'DO NOT EAT IT!!!' If you want to be absolutely thorough, you'll need to check your deed, make sure the creek isn't governed by a State easement. They usually won't be unless they are navigable by boat or are otherwise particularly important to the local watershed. If neither apply, then you should be in the clear. If the State has an interest then it can be a little tricky. In general though, you can remove things from a creekbed so long as doing so doesn't alter the course or usability of the waterway. A fossil Pleistocene horse tooth is just a finger-sized rock insofar as alteration to the waterway by removing it is concerned. You should be good. Lot of good fossil hunting out where you are, I'm jealous! Depending on where you go you can find everything from Pleistocene land mammal fossils back to Cretaceous marine fossils in the stream beds out there!  So I'm not a lawyer, but for a period of time I was a professional paleontologist, and spent 4 years in college working on pleistocene mammal collections. The first thing to know is that as soon as you picked that up, it lost a massive amount of its scientific value. Fossils really yield most of their information in situ, when we can determine locality information and formation information and potentially note their relative position to other nearby fossils. That being said, if it was in a river, even odds it washed out from somewhere else. If you're interested, I'd suggest you write down as much info as you can remember or even go out and photograph the site you recovered the tooth from in as much detail as possible. Your local University may be willing to identify the tooth based on pictures. Moneywise, you aren't looking at anything too crazy here. I'd be surprised if you could get more than a hundred bucks on a fossil black market sale (find the closest hotel to the nearest gem and mineral show, there's a lively trade, I promise!) At this point I'd advise you to keep an undoubtedly cool item you found on your land, and if you find anything else, leave it where it is, protect the site, and call the local University or museum to see if they'll send someone out to assess if a dig is worthwhile! You can ask them about ownership and everything else directly before allowing anyone on your land.  I swear this was the start of my property law final.  Thanks! I’ll look into that.  On a side note, and not really something you asked for but I figured I would mention it. You should get it appraised and added to your homeowners insurance. It could be worth $5 or could be worth $500. But it’s still good to have things like that mentioned somewhere in case something happens. But congratulations on your find. Something like that is always cool to find, whether or not it’s worth a lot.  While it also falls outside the 9th circuit, MS is Mississippi, not Missouri (MO), for future reference. ...ok, you did make me go check, but the 9th circuit doesn't encompass Missouri. I don't think it's likely a surface find is going to implicate mineral rights, which generally require at least some subsurface/mining aspect to extraction. OP may own the mineral rights to the property as well, in any event. I can tell that this is the kind of high quality legal advice we all come here for. Thanks so much. I was worried what would happen if I did. /s Might be worth noting that the 9th Circuit recently held that dinosaur fossils are minerals, and the ownership of those fossils transfers with the mineral rights of the property.  Congratulations on your find! You own it legally speaking since it was on your property and the laws regarding treasures and artifacts which can vary state by state, should not apply in your case but I’m not an expert on MS state law. As for selling it, not sure since some countries have laws regarding the fossil trade so I would be careful about that and do a bit of research if you decide to go that route.  I’ll try to upload a pic later. Yes, Fossils on private land are property of the landowner.