 I wont name anyone specifically involved in this because im unsure if thats a good idea legally. I was standing in the foyer (on casino property) of a big name casino and witnessed a man getting mugged on casino property. i instantly began recording it on my phone and ran to the casino floor entrance yelling for security three times, all while recording the man being beaten and his pockets dug through. when the two muggers began to leave i made the incredibly stupid decision to try stopping them and getting the guys stuff back. this resulted in me getting dragged out the front door and stomped and beaten on the boardwalk. a woman came to my aid and got them off me, and when i stood up dizzy, i saw 8 casino security guards standing in a row staring at me from ten feet away. i walked towards them and dropped to the ground where i laid until the ambulance took me away. what i dont understand is how a casino could have such lax security, and why they stood there watching me get beaten. i have a black eye, a one inch face cut under my eye, a welt on the back of my head, one broken finger, one jammed finger, skin scraped off. and bruises on various parts of my body. i spent about 6 hours in the ER and left with a hand splint and neck brace after going through the various tests. im mostly upset that the security stood there letting me get beaten, and the muggers get away. i understand i couldve stood there and watched, and the risks i took trying to stop them. i still have the video of the incident and it ends during my beating when i jammed my phone in my pocket for fear of them stealing it. one thing im wondering is if i should mention the incident in my social media. i have over 100k followers, and would love to bring light to the ridiculousness of a man getting mugged of his casino winnings on casino property, while security stood back and waited for it to end on its own. im also wondering if i would have a civil case against the casino. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Does Not Contain A Clear Legal Question Or Is Difficult To Understand Your post does not appear to contain a legal question - or if it does, it's unclear what it is. Or your post is difficult to read or understand. Please edit your post to ask a clear and concise legal question or questions. Focusing on proper use of Reddit markup tags, paragraphs, sentences, proper spelling and coherent thoughts. Message the moderators after your edit for review. Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you feel this was in error, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/LegalAdvice). Do not reply to this message as a comment.  That's unlikely. They probably do not have any obligation to intervene in this, especially when it occurred outside the front door. You should speak to a personal injury attorney just in case though. Do not post about this unless your lawyer tells you to.  You are welcome to speak to some lawyers about it. You should definitely NOT publicize the incident if/until you retain an attorney.