 I'm a nurse working in a hospital in Chicago, IL. I am trying to figure out if my hospital might be violating labor laws by not giving breaks, and by paying the wrong amount for overtime. My normal schedule is 12 hour shifts, 3 per week. That means full time is 36 hours. I'm supposed to get overtime if I work more than 40 hours per week. I just did a bunch of overtime for the first time at this hospital, and I think I've been underpaid. For the overtime hours I am receiving 120% of my base rate, not time-and-a-half. (That is, if my base is $30/hr, overtime is paid at $36/hr instead of $45.) Also, we theoretically get one 30-minute break per shift. That only happens if there are enough nurses on the unit to cover each other's patients. About a quarter of the time, there aren't, and most of us go the full 12 without a lunch break. I asked my manager about both of these things. He said all these things are according to employment law but wouldn't say anything else. He directed me to ask someone in HR, and I have left that person some messages, and received no response. My questions: 1. Does the law say overtime starts after the 40th hour per week? 2. Does the law say overtime gets paid at time-and-a-half? 3. Does the law say how much break time I am supposed to receive in a 12-hour shift? 4. Does the law say what should happen if I'm not able to receive a break? 5. Are any of these things different for a nurse than for, say, a retail worker? 6. If the hospital is in fact doing something wrong, how do I go about fixing it? So, federal law states that all hours worked over 40 in a week are to be paid at 1.5x the base hourly rate for non-exempt workers. Local law can be more restrictive (hello California!) but not less: [Covered nonexempt employees must receive overtime pay for hours worked over 40 per workweek (any fixed and regularly recurring period of 168 hours — seven consecutive 24-hour periods) at a rate not less than one and one-half times the regular rate of pay. There is no limit on the number of hours employees 16 years or older may work in any workweek. The FLSA does not require overtime pay for work on weekends, holidays, or regular days of rest, unless overtime is worked on such days.]() While there \is\ a professional exemption that nurses \can\ qualify for, they usually don't if they are not in management. Why? Well, because if your employer can't pick and choose which aspects of the FLSA you are exempt from -- you're either exempt or you're not. And, if you're exempt from the FLSA you have to be paid your entire week's salary even if you only work part of the week (with a few specific exceptions). Thus, we staff nurses are rarely, if ever, paid as exempt. So if your pay is based on the number of hours/wk that you work, you are most likely non-exempt and need to be paid overtime according to the FLSA policies. If you are paid the same amount of money each pay period regardless of the number of hours you work, then you are exempt. If you qualify to be exempt, your employer can choose to pay you as non-exempt, but the reverse is not true.  Thank you for the link! Ok this isn’t a pissing match about who gets it worse, and now you look like a real jack ass. Sounds like you should be posting the same question in this subreddit instead of blindly taking your anger out on some random person and just being generally unhelpful and unpleasant.  What guaranteed 30 minute lunch? I never had one. Also when I worked in nursing homes I had up to 50 patients at a time with no help. So be as bitter as you like. The whole field gets treated like shit. I’m also female by the way. And worked 100 hours a week between two jobs and grad school/homework to get my NP.  Hi there. I'm an intern working a 12-hour shift on a holiday. I am salaried so this means I am not getting any compensation for working on a vacation. I get no breaks and no guaranteed lunch. I work 60 to 88 hours a week, that 88 hour one being in violation of the acgme rules that camp us at 80. 80 hours is averaged over a month so on the rare week I only work 60 odd hours, it balances out. My traditional schedule is 6 12 hour days in a row followed by a day off. However, for the last 2 weeks, my only time off have been 24 consecutive hours between shifts when I go from working nights to working days or from working a 24-hour shift to the next day shift. I started with 20 patients today, and although they are not all my primary, I still need to round on them and answer nursing questions. I'm the only person here on my team and if something goes horribly awry, it will be 20 minutes before anyone is here to assist me (aside from attendings in other departments, for which I am grateful. All 10 of them.) You guys have to deal with bodily fluids. I have to deal with the fact that the next time I have two true days off will be in December and then not again until April. I got to deal with the phone ringing every 5 to 10 minutes. Oh, and since I'm female, female nurses shit on me. Who gets treated worse? Now enjoy your guaranteed 30 minute lunch break while I shove food in my face as I try to get my notes done. Looking forward to these answers as well. Had the exact same problems at my hospital in Utah. Got zero breaks. No lunch unless there were enough nurses and most of the time we were understaffed and if something happened to our patients while we were gone we were liable for their safety. So we would simultaneously get yelled at for taking a lunch and not taking one. Nurses get treated like shit. 