 Hi- I’m wondering what my options are. I started leasing a brand new 2018 Jeep Compass in July and have had nothing but issues with it. Everything that could go wrong with it, has gone wrong. Within the first week I had it the windshield wiper fluid was leaking and they had to replace a part that fixed it. I kinda rolled my eyes but whatever, minor issue, it was fixed, fine. Then a couple weeks later the Bluetooth Carplay froze, and although it went back to normal after I left the car off overnight, it continues to freeze if I’m in the car using it longer than 20 minutes. I brought it to the dealership I leased the car from and they told me to switch some setting on my phone and when the issue came up again (on the way home) they told me flat out to go elsewhere because they didn’t know how to fix it. Also, my brakes got recalled before the car even had 5k miles on it and had to be replaced. Now, it’s started to have issues turning on. It’ll turn on and the radio will play but the wheel is frozen and the engine isn’t actually ON. Sometimes a message comes up saying the engine is too cold to start, but it’s in a heated garage and I’ve had it start in MUCH colder weather. I have an appointment with another service dept to look at all these things but my question is- at what point do I take action? There’s little things too, like my heat settings change sporadically (I’ll have high heat on and it’ll randomly switch to AC) etc etc etc.. Is there any action I can take? I don’t want to be stuck with this for the next 3 years paying an absurd amount (my fault) for a lemon? Technically you’ll want jeeps customer service department. They’ll be an option to speak with a claims representative. Having gone through them with 2 different vehicles they handled my problems promptly when the dealership gave me the run around.  I’ve heard Jeeps have been having issues with the radio, my friend has a Grand Cherokee (also 2018) and just got her radio replaced after it was on backorder for 6 months. So it’d be better to contact FCA instead of just Chrysler? Contact FCA and get a case number and case manager. They will ensure your vehicle gets repaired properly. Unfortunately. Jeep in General isnt know for there electrical systems being great. I see tons of problems with radio. Computers. Had an 07 grand Cherokee the dealer threw $12k in parts and labor of warranty work to try and fix a problem. Long story short. Car needed a battery. They had replaced it first visit and never went back and checked it was actually good.  For CarPlay you do need to make sure Siri is enabled for it to function correctly. Enable Siri, unpair your phone from the car, delete the profile from your mobile devices in settings and then do a fresh pair to CarPlay. Sorry TLDR but to fall under most Lemon laws it has to be the same problem which after being fixed still breaks. I believe it has to happen three times. So if your transmission failed, they fixed it, then transmission failed again and they fixed it. And failed again = lemon  Added!