 One of my roommate’s is a very rotten egg. She’s been causing great headaches for all involved for the past 6 months. The landlord finally agreed to do something about it and has offered us to be released from the lease if all 3 tenants agreed. However, the landlord and realtor are tag teaming to ensure this is a painful process, even though it easily doesn’t have to be. One, the landlord refuses to have direct communication with the tenants. Two, the realtor is capitalizing on the situation by trying to withhold most of our deposit with very little itemization. She’s very hesitant and indecisive when explaining what fees and charges she’s applying. Three, they have already asked for us to reside and pay rent for one additional month while looking for new tenants. Four, the realtor refuses to put anything on paper. Five, there is a small chance to sublease. Any advice on how to mitigate costs and walk away from the situation? Any advice on how to increase chances of being able to sublease? After move out. When the stuff is gone or mostly gone. They have to be able to see what condition the place is in. Hard to do with a ton of furniture Some states legally allow you do a do a walkthrough with the landlord or property manager on move out. I dont think CA is one of those states though. Edit: spelling I’ve referred back to the lease multiple times, and there are no hard costs for early termination just for fees. So everything she’s asking for I guess is justified, except that she cannot say the fees are for early termination AND ask for one more month’s rent because if she’s charging early termination fees, I could walk out at any time. I guess I’m looking for advice on how to negotiate costs.  Itemization comes after you actually leave. She cannot give it to you until then. If you don't like it then stay. The deductions will happen anyway when you end the lease so that argument will happen one way or another. Penalties for early termination should be in your lease No, we have not gotten far enough to sign anything. The realtor is asking for us to sign a piece of paper we write up saying we will be out by end of January, but since she’s wanting to take so much of the deposit, we’re not agreeing with that because it hinders us trying to find new places.  I am confused. Have you physically signed to end the lease? Have you physically moved out, all of you? Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions]() section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues. If this does not apply to your question, please disregard. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.