 Hello. As the title said, yes, my possessions are being held by my wife in which we recently got into a fight, and now she wants a divorce. She kicked me out of our house, and now won't allow me to get my property such as my phone and clothes. I am in Florida, however I am still going through the process of getting my residency. She took my items to the immigration attorney, and the attorney will not give me my belongings unless I sign divorce papers. She is threatening to call immigration on me if I don't comply. This is extortion. What do i do? It's highly irregular for an attorney to do anything of that nature, and just in case it wasn't clear, don't trust anything they say, there will be no meetings or questions answered by you without your attorney present. Screenshot all texts and put copies in google docs and print out copies for yourself as well. Get an attorney though and don't answer any questions from hers. If her attorney said this to you, call back and ask it in writing before you make a decision. One they are not going to put this in writing, and 2 if they refuse explain that your not comfortable with how you are being treated and will be contacting the Florida Bar about this behavior. I don't know whether or not it is the same attorney. If your wife has an attorney, you need an attorney. I'd bet money that a 30 second phone call from your attorney to hers will result in a much different tune. These actions may be something worth reporting to the bar association. But, let your attorney make that decision. My wife's attorney is the one who has told me all of this. Thank you for your response. Who is telling you all of this? It would be very irregular for an immigration attorney to hold on to your belongings, unless you sign divorce papers, and threaten to "call immigration" if you fail to do so. On the other hand, I could easily see an ex SAYING that that's what is happening. If you are getting divorced, you should have a family law attorney. Many family law attorney's offer free or cheap initial consultations, and it would take short work to cut through this bullshit. Get an attorney to represent you and your interests. And is the immigration attorney also her divorce attorney? Because that sounds like a conflict of interest to hold items unless paperwork is signed.