 I work in Wisconsin. My employer allows us to take two 15 minute paid breaks and one 30 minute unpaid break. They pay out for breaks not taken. Our new DM doesn't want any break pay outs. We are now equired to punch out for break at the end of our shift, ake our break, punch back in from break, and then clock out if we don't take all of our breaks. Frequently, it is to busy to punch out for a break. I'm not sure if this practice is legal. Can anybody help me out with this? If you are an hourly employee, which you likely are unless you are a manager, you need to be paid for the time worked. This includes breaks that you were supposed to have but did not take. Federal law requires short breaks to be paid (under 20 minutes). So your 2 15-minute breaks should be paid regardless of whether you work or not, but since there is no requirement to give you a break, it's a moot point. Wisconsin does not require your employer to give you a break at all, paid or unpaid (as long as you are over 18). Your employer can choose to give you breaks and they can choose not to pay you for breaks over 20 minutes, but they do not have to. What they have to do is pay you for all hours worked, including breaks that are less than 20 minutes. I'm not sure what the company being German-owned has to do with anything. Unions in Germany are very different from unions in the US. In fact, the unions in Germany typically have good relationships (compared to the US) with management because it is required under their laws. Work councils and industry-wide unions are common. Cooperation between management and workers is expected in a way that would likely be illegal in the US under the NLRA. Your shift ends when they tell you it ends, barring a contract that says otherwise. As long as they pay you appropriately, they can have you stay as long as they want. You can complain to corporate/HR, but it is very possible that could very well cost you your job, sooner or later Like the other poster says, your right to unionize is protected by federal law. I'm not sure what you mean by that second sentence. United Food and Commercial Workers represent a lot of grocery store employees. The National Labor Relations Act makes it illegal for them to take adverse action against employees trying to unionize.  It's a grocery store. Not sure if a union state side is even a thing. Umm, that doesn't sound right to me and if they're telling you you aren't allowed unionize they could be breaking labor laws.  No union. Can't unionize. It's a German-owned company, so I imagine this is corporate policy. I'm curious about the making us stay beyond our scheduled shift to take a break part, whether it's paid or unpaid. Doesn't my obligation to be at work end when my shift ends? I've never worked anywhere that pays you for breaks not taken before. Edit: Additional information  Just punch out for your break, busy or not. If they want you to take "solid 15 minute breaks", take them. r/MaliciousCompliance  Wisconsin and federal law don't require rest or meal breaks at all. Do you belong to a union that has bargained for these breaks? Otherwise, it'd be easier to just not pay out going forward. They're not required to unless it's in a contract/bargaining agreement If there's no agreement, this would be a legal practice, as long as they're paying you for the two short breaks