 In August my school, USC, gave me my student loans, like normal. In October I received an email saying I owed them about $9000. I thought this was an error so I contacted Financial Aid via email. They told me that the school had made an error which resulted in an overpayment and that I now owe them $9000 or else I will be barred from enrolling and graduating. I have spoken with every department and they all say that yes, it was their fault but I still need to pay them back. Is there anything I can do? Is this fraud? Ideally I would like to defer the payment to go along with my student loans in the future, I don't see that because of their mistake it is stopping me from getting my credential needed to make money to pay them back.  Locked because OP doesn't want to hear the truth and can't remain civil to people trying to help him. For free. You misspelled moderator. And with that, we're done here. Best of luck paying your loans back and not getting anymore help from us. Then anything you say doesn't matter to me. I came on here for legal advice not to be scolded by some arrogant forum layman. No, I'm not a lawyer. But other folks on the sub are. You can talk to one if you want. And they're going to tell you the same thing I am. You. Owe. The. Money. I get that it's not what you wanted to hear. I'm sorry about that. But when all this is said and done, you'll pay the money before they release your records or you graduate. If one person in this scenario is you, and the other is your school, and the loan is your student loans, and they paid you more than your student loan covered, then yes. I just don't understand how they aren't at fault, this is why I'm wondering what the law is. Are you a lawyer? I took it? They deposited it into my bank account in a lump sum with the rest of the money that was mine to pay back after I graduate. Your explanation isn't good enough.  So what if someone says, hey I'll give you some money to be decided when I figure it out and you can pay me back in 2 years and this is verified by the contract between us. THEN, they give you the money that they figured out that you would need. They never contact you blatantly saying they messed up, and you get a letter in the mail months later saying you owe them money. Then you call the person you had a contract with and they say oh yeah, so when we gave you that money we gave you too much, oops our bad, you need to give it back right now.  They gave it to you by mistake. #And then you took it. I get that you don't want to pay it back. I get that you think that it's not fair and that it should be different. But the legal situation is not based on what you want or how you think it should be. You owe the money. You have to pay it back. They can hold your records/graduation until you do. Sucky or not, that's the reality of the situation. What if they accidentally gave you less money than they should have? Would you just say "Oh well!?" Of course not. I'm guessing they want it back now because the money they gave you was not student loan money, but their own money. It wasn't a loan, it was an overpayment. And you have to pay it back because it's not part of your student loans. Why? I didn't take it they gave it to me.  Yes. You took money from them for which you were not entitled. They want you to pay it back. You're required to pay it back. Even if it was their fault. Does that make sense? Why can I repay the rest of my loans after I graduate but this amount they gave me erroneously that I didn't ask for I have to pay now? money from loaner: XXXXXX -- money from loaner: XXXXXX + YYYYYY --- XXXXXX + XXXXXX = I knew beforehand I would repay after I graduate YYYYYYY = loans they gave me erroneously that they are making me pay back to them before I graduate Does this make sense? No, it's not. Because you owe them the money. So if you have it already, then this is a problem that solves itself. That's irrelevant regarding this situation.  And what happened to that money? None of the above. They credited me with more than I was supposed to get without ever telling me. They admit it was their mistake. Story doesn't add up? I got student loans and have expenses. Long story short, the same semester something happened with my student teaching so I won't be receiving loans or be able to have a job all next semester, so I need the money to sustain myself during that period too. IT WAS THE COLLEGES MISTAKE. They know it and they admitted it. Can a lawyer please respond.  There are different types of loans, though -- some of which, I think, cannot be used in this way. Or maybe (because of the previous overpayments) he maxed out the loans for which he was eligible, so now the university hasn't received tuition for his last semester? Regardless, I don't think we (or probably the OP) really know the whole story about what's going on here.  Story doesn't add up. Are you saying that they gave you an extra $9,000? What did you do when you received the $9,000? It's above board still, I think. But if he took out the loan, then the university should not be concerned about it- he owes it in repayment like all the other loans that he got.  It sounded like the first situation to me. When I was in graduate school I received student loans for more than the amount of tuition, the excess of which I used for living expenses. That was all above board (for me, at that time). OP might well have done the same thing, not realizing that something (his type of loan?) precluded it. Regardless, if he had the money to hand, I doubt he'd be posting here in fear that his credential will be withheld.  Uh, where did the $9000 go in three months? I'm confused. Did you take out more student loans than you needed and now you have to pay them back? If so, you got a refund of the excess amount- use that money and pay it back. Or, did you not take out enough loans, and now you owe them tuition? If so, contact your loan provider and see if you can increase the amount.