 Heres the story as i know it; my girlfriend is being sued a large sum over 10g for a college she never attended, accepted tuition payments, or made payments too. I know you'll need more info as i will try to provide the most detail of the matter, but i want to know what can bw done for her, what would she need to do, how often does this happen, should she handle this her own or seek a lawyer. Thank you for your time, effort, and response.  Possible identify theft. Someone may have used her social security number to enroll.  This is of course, if she has actually been served papers and is actually being sued- not just a threat to sue her! You should verify that there has actually been a suit filed in court. But very good advice- if there is a real lawsuit, you need to respond! Ill talk to her tonight.  But she did apply Ill ask her so i can quote her directly. To my knowledge, no. She didn't.  What does "tried to attend" mean? Did she apply? Was she accepted? Did she sign up for classes?  Well, don't keep us in suspense. What does the lawsuit say about why she owes the money? I dont think she even got that far in the process for attending the college. And the suit is for a college she tried to attend almost 5 years ago. She hasn't seen any paper or email suggesting otherwise of this college since she didn't attend. Did she sign up for classes there and then forget to withdraw?  She absolutely needs a lawyer, immediately. When you are sued--no matter the reason for being sued--there is a deadline given in the original papers she was served with for her response. If she misses that deadline, the court can (and will) enter a default judgement against her (which means she loses automatically and has to pay the amount demanded in the lawsuit). If she fails to respond within the given time, or if that response is not done in the appropriate legal manner, then the fact that this is probably a case of mistaken identity won't matter. Getting a lawyer to respond and tell them that they have sued the wrong person will cost way less than the 10k she will owe if she doesn't get a lawyer.