 First, this is in Florida. 6/19/18- Took my truck (87,683 miles) to The mechanic for what I was concerned was brake noise. Spent $1,215.77 on front left hub bearing and both exhaust manifold gaskets (exhaust leak is still currently unresolved and still audible). 9/19/18- Took my truck (90,203 miles) back to The mechanic because brake squealing had returned and intensified. Paid $33.92 for a brake inspection that stated “BRAKE ARE GOOD. SOME HEAT SPOTS ON REAR.” 2/7/19- Brakes suffered complete failure while Hannah was driving to work (one passenger side brake pad was worn away completely, metal on metal contact). Had the truck (92,4xx miles) towed to The mechanic. They stated that they carried no responsibility or liability for their inspection after I left with my truck. Also, they could not provide a reason for the cause of the brake failure (they listed about three very different possibilities). Also, now the caliper and rotor must be replaced from the damage caused by the failed brake pad. The most they offered was to waive their material markup. The duration of time and mileage from the brake inspection to total failure was less than the duration of one oil change cycle. Am I owed a repair for issues I believe were missed in the inspection?  I agree that “shortly after” may be a biased way to phrase it, but it is still less than one oil change cycle, and (at least in my opinion) a much shorter duration of time after a paid inspection for total brake failure. I also agree now that the mechanic likely holds no legal liability. However, I also own a service based business and at least from a customer service perspective, I would not turn my back on someone who trusted my professional opinion on a safety issue such as brakes within only 2,000 miles. If I wanted assurance of safety, should I have my brakes inspected more frequently than I get my oil changed? I brought my truck in twice within 3,000 miles because I believed there was an issue, then 2,000 miles after the second time I brought it in...total brake failure. I am not a certified mechanic, but based on the noises my truck was making, I did my due diligence to have it taken care of before someone’s safety was at risk. Anyhow, I agree with you, but their customer service sucks. I sleep well at night knowing my customers can trust me, and count on me to make things right when I drop the ball.  3 month and 2,000+ miles is not "shortly after." The mechanic would not be held liable for this. I think you are right. It was in fact the inner pad that fell out of the caliper. And, I will definitely not return to that garage.  Legally, you don't really have any recourse. However, as a (former) mechanic, it sounds like you had a stuck caliper slide pin (relatively cheap fix if caught early enough), which caused the inner pad to wear on that wheel, but not the outer. They probably did a wheels-on brake inspection, which is very frowned upon in the industry, especially for a paid inspection, and never noticed the issue. I'd recommend never letting them touch a vehicle of yours again. It crossed my mind. But I also own a local business, and my town is too small for me to strike up a social media pissing match. Which is also what burns me up so much because I handle my customer service entirely different than what this mechanic shop is doing.  Blow their shit up on all their social media and business pages, towns Facebook pages etc. Thanks, that’s what I was afraid of. I still think the mechanic dropped the ball here, but I’ll just take my business elsewhere from now on.   In any case, almost 6 months 2k miles passed between the inspection failure - any number of things could've happened during that period. 