 As you could probably tell from the title. My dad took out student loans in my name. I went to college for two years before I flunked out, but one thing I made clear to my parents and the rest of my family before I started college was that I didn't want to take out a dime in student loans. My family really pushed me to go to college and I did want to go, but I never would've put myself into debt in order to go and my family knew that. My grandparents really wanted me to get a higher education, so they paid half of my tuition, but my dad was responsible for the rest. My bill always got paid and I assumed my family was paying for my education, which is why I felt terrible about myself after failing out. Now over two years later after failing out I started a career in auto sales, which is a very credit based industry and I assumed my score would be a true zero l; I have never had a loan or credit card or anything. I got curious one day and checked my score, and found out I had over $12,000 in student loan debt that I have been delinquent on and my credit score was abysmal. I couldn't imagine how I had student debt and I asked my dad about it. He had been lying about how he was paying for my schooling, he was taking out student loans for me without my knowledge. I have no idea what to do. I can't pay those loans because I am so far behind. I don't feel I should be responsible for something my dad did without my knowledge. What can I do to free myself of that debt and repair the damage done to my credit score? If they are federal loans, you can contact the borrower the loans have been assigned to. They can usually offer you a one time chance to remove the loans from delinquency bring them current, I think you just need to make like six on time payments. They will adjust the payments based on your financial situation, they may wind up being very small. This will at least get your loans out if default.  Your only option is to go to your local police station and file a police report, then send that report to the company that gave the loan. Just remember your father has stolen $12k off you. It's no small amount and you should not feel guilt for his fraudulent behavior. Your father committed fraud. Are you willing to turn him in to the police for it? If so, get a copy of the police report, and send it to the lending bank. If not, talk to the lending bank and explain the situation, and ask about setting up a payment plan, and ask if there’s any way to repair your credit score as part of the payment plan. Meanwhile, are you still on speaking terms with your father? If so, discuss with him, and perhaps his response will help you decide between those two above options.  Nothing that wouldn't potentially result in negative legal consequences for your father. 