 I just received this notification from Comcast, first time ever getting one. Lets say hypothetically I may have been torrenting and my VPN disconnected for a moment and used my actual IP for a brief time, and within minutes I had the email. It basically sums up to, the copyright owner identified me by IP and goes on about Comcast's Acceptable User Policy and that they may terminate my service. Since this is the first time I've ever gotten one of these, is this just a warning? Should I be expecting legal recourse or anything? Allegedly, I had just been torrenting season 2 of Brooklyn Nine-Nine I would imagine that's not likely to have the police knocking on my door or anything, but I wanted to ask since I'm sure plenty of people have dealt with this situation. Is this just more of "hey cut that shit out or you're gonna lose your internet"? This is a bully scare tactic to basically get you to stop pirating. I've never had my internet connection directly cut off, but I HAVE had it put it on a "hold" status until I signed a paper with my ISP stating I'd never torrent again (this was before I got a VPN). I wouldn't worry too much about it. The only reason why I worried about it in my particular situation was because I was torrenting constantly and using up a fuckton of bandwidth for the price of the plan I was on, which basically pissed my ISP off (which is understandable). Since I've had the VPN, I haven't had a single issue.  Not a lawyer, not real legal advice. I've been torrenting content for years and have received a few notices like you described. I just ignored them because it's not a summons to court or any court order. If your ISP continues to call and harass you tell them to fuck off. If they persist them cancel your service and get a new ISP that respects your privacy. Hey Op, I have a bit of experience interacting with persons in the torrenting field, legitimate and what would be considered less than. What you have received is a DMCA notice redirected by a third party, your ISP. What this means is that a copyright holder, or more likely an agent of theirs, had been monitoring a torrent tracker which you connected to in order to download some supposedly copyright material. They then took your IP address and did a public lookup. Although the owners/renters of IP addresses are often easy to determine, the lessees are not. You are a lessee, not an owner btw. Basically your ISP buys a million IP addresses and then rents them to people, like you. The ISP is often changing which IP address they are renting to you for various reasons. The party that detected your IP was pirating did a quick lookup and found the IP address was owned by your ISP. They DID NOT find out you are renting the IP address. They DO NOT know who you are. They simply sent a letter demanding you cease and desist you pirating to your ISP and asked your ISP to forward it to whatever mysterious stranger was using the IP address they saw. TL;DR Legally you shouldnt be breaking the law and refusing to comply with legal requests. Point blank: This means nothing, nothing will likely come of it, and most causal pirates get about 20 of these a week. This happened to me with Optimum (the ISP in my local area) they told me I would have to get 2 warnings before they terminated me completely. As far as legal action goes, the last time I looked into it the government mostly only pursues the torrenting sites, not the users. Although if you're pirating TV shows and selling them to other people then you could definitely get in a lot of trouble. There could be a legal action to follow there could not be, no one here can know what's going to happen. What you received is common but only the first in what may be a string of legal action on the part of the copyright holder. If you are served with a lawsuit contact an attorney. 