 I've heard from people for a couple years that my mother's boyfriend is abusive but I didn't know the extent of it until Thanksgiving. My family got to her house and they were both drunk. She told us that that morning he had thrown her on the ground and kicked the literal shit out of her. She also told us she thought her arm and ribs were broken from a prior incident. My family confronted him and he admitted what he had done. She begged and pleaded that we not get the authorities involved and that everything is fine if they're not drinking. We told him that if we heard anything else we would be calling the authorities. A mistake in hindsight. On Sunday I drove to her house and she had a large gash and contusion on her forehead. She told me they got in a drunken argument and threw his phone at his face. He slammed her forehead on the ground and kicked her. He dragged her by the hair and made her shower and clean the blood up. He was still there I talked to her and she said she would consider filling a report once he leaves for work for the week. I'm worried she won't follow through. I'm extremely worried about her physical and mental condition. I cannot let this continue. She doesn't want to lose him and is protecting him. She's worried about his half of the finances. I have a lot of questions. Can I file the battery report without her? Should I file the report against her wishes? Is she also going to be charged for throwing the phone? He's got a small bruise on his cheek. What evidence should I bring if I do file a report? I have photographic evidence of her injuries and my second hand account. I have family and friends that are willing to write statements about what they've heard. Is this enough for charges to stick if she refuses to testify? What should I do next and what's the best way to do it? Also I'm 26 so this isn't a child endangerment issue. Yeah Ive been there, Ive come across three couples as friends and neighbors in the last 4 years that had domestic violence issues. One was an insufferable woman who kept kicking her boyfriends ass (black eyes all the time) and then calling the cops to play victim, another was a couple that did too many drugs, and the final couple was that couple down the hall that seemed nice but just fought all the time. It boggles my mind that people can be so pathetic as to just fall for that kind of shit life. Id rather sleep under a bridge, work double shifts, or go down to a shelter for a few months than deal with that literal hell on earth. Unfortunately they need to make a move. You can encourage them, but you cant just pull the trigger. That removes all of my agency and is a hard pill to swallow. You're probably right though Is shes the primary victim the case will rely on her testimony, if she refuses to provide it then the state will settle which brings us back to my original post: jail stay and possibly a restraining order that gets lifted or ignored. She needs to take action and make the move, if you can convince her maybe she will go along with it but if you try getting this machine moving without her on board, it could just alienate you from her without doing anything productive. I totally agree but it difficult when she's protecting him. What if there's overwhelming evidence of the crime including photos and 2nd hand testimony? He has priors for the same crime and has done jail time for DV as well. He's also on probation. I tend to be impulsive. Good for you for thinking rationally. Man, that's a tough one. Blood and he kicked her? That dude deserves more than a short jail stay. Sorry for your situation.  She needs to make the move to get out. The resources for female domestic abuse victims are mind mindbogglingly extensive. If you care for her I recommend making her resources known. Shelter, food, and interim finance are the biggest concerns on everyone's mind. You providing evidence to the authorities will get a visit, but nothing serious will ever come of it if the victim refuses to testify, or worse testifies against you.  I would be lying if I said that hadn't crossed my mind but that's hardly the legal way to handle the situation and will just get me in trouble. Would it be helpful to provide evidence to the authorities? I'm trying hard to convince her that this is a dangerous situation and that she needs to get out but she's afraid. I'd put that motherfucker in the trunk and drive around a while, let him think about what he did. WTF?  If you see someone being assaulted, or a crime being committed in general, call the police. The state is the only one who can bring criminal charges against a party. Criminal charges that revolve around domestic abuse generally almost always rely on cooperation from an involved party, with an exception for when they get caught, and unfortunately for some reason both parties directly involved always seek to bury the issue. You can report suspicious circumstances and you can report crimes but unless the victim is willing to make a conscious effort to escape the situation, nothing but a jail stay and possibly a restraining order, that gets lifted or ignored, will come of it. Not so legal advice: I made a decision long ago to not get involved in domestic disputes unless it was me just calling the police on the emergency line. I had a neighbor couple who were both nice to me in passing, but they had a ridiculous personal life. They were constantly fighting. After two times of her coming to my apartment to "just chill" I got sick of playing sanctuary for a domestic violence victim. I told her not to bother me again unless it was an emergency. The next time she came over I called the police and they came and arrested the guy. I sat with her while she cried and then brought her back to her apartment where there were literal holes all over the walls and doors from him punching, they said he blew a .23 and had oxy in his system. She swore this was the end of it. Next day Im getting texts from both of them, guy telling me Im a piece of shit and girl telling me we arent allowed to hang out anymore, lol. You cant win with this situation. Just call the cops, move on. You can help her if she is committed to moving on, but it will likely never happen.