 So im almost 17 (22 days until 17 btw), and i have a job at a lazer tag place. My job there is to marshal the games in the arena, keep the building clean, and help at the prize counter. My job is only open friday thur sunday, so i dont get a lot of hours. If im lucky i make around $290 a month. Thats an ok amount for me tbh because that can pay for a cheap car and other insurance i need. I really need this money so i van start saving for college and what not, but my mother doesnt think so. She thinks that she can take ALL of my check and not leave me with anything. She believes that i must support the family and pay for bills and extra things for the family. Now let it be known that my mother is a disabled vet. She get around 3k a month from the government, and she just started a job that also pays 2k a month. We are a family of 4(me, her, sister, and brother) living in a 3 bedroom apartment that is around 1.5k a month. She has no dept at all, all that she pays for is the necessities, like food and water etc. But even after that she has around 1.5k to 2k left of SPENDING MONEY to herself or the family. Now i dont ask of anything of her, except rides to work which is only a mile or so away. I dont ask for new clothes, i dont ask for better phones, and i dont ask to go to mall trips with friends. I dont need anything. Im willing to pay for what i need. However, my mom finds that her chwcks arent enough and that i MUST support her with ALL of MINE. I cant keep any. Ive looked up the law, and because im a minor she can take money in and out as she pleases out of my account. Now i have an idea... What if i was to cash out my checks? If i was to cash them out, my accoubt wouldnt have the money in it and she would have 0 access to it. Now theres my question... Can she forcefully take my money away from my hands? If i was to tell her NO, can she still forcefully take it? Please if anyone has any answers please help me out. All help and answers are appreciated. Thank you and have a great day guys and gals. Emancipation is next to impossible for the vast majority of teenagers; you'd have to prove you can continue attending school and pay for all of your living expenses including rent, utilities, food, medical care, transportation, and other material needs like clothing, furniture, etc. As another poster suggested, if your mom is insistent on taking your money, your time spent working is probably better spent learning a new hobby or volunteering. Good luck. I recieved a check from my work, and she has seen it... So its too late You could get cash and hide it, tell her you don't have any to give her.  Good luck!  Will do thx Call the police if your mother assaults you, regardless of reason.  Thank you so much dude... But a question... If i could get emancipated, could i refuse her of taking my money? And what if i got cash from my checks? Can she forcefully take the cash from my hands and wallet? You'll have to wait until you turn 18 before you'd even have the ability to bring litigation against your mother for the return of your money, and between now and then you may not earn enough to make it worth doing. Furthermore, if she's burning cash as quick as it comes in, she's broke - trying to recover your money from her may be futile. _Between_ now and then, your mother generally has the ability to restrict your access to your own property, including access to your money. (California's a bit of an exception, because of the state's unique history with child actors.) If you aren't able to enjoy the benefits of your labour, then your time is largely being wasted and you may want to consider leaving your job. You can do something else - study, learn a new skill, spend time at the library, or even play video games or sports - and come out ahead of where your mother is leaving you right now. She can demand that you work, and she may be able to punish you if you refuse, but she can't actually do much to make you follow through on a job if you stop supporting her. And it's not your job to support her. It's hers to support you. She cannot assault you to take money that you are holding. She can decline the privilege of driving you to work, she can take your phone and other electronics, she can ground you, and she can probably refuse to sign your working papers.