 When I was 10 or 11, my friend and I were skipping through Wal-Mart. My foot landed in water on the floor and I fell really hard on my butt. My tailbone hurt for at least weeks after that. I was on the swim team, and I could feel it when I did flipturns. I also finally convinced my parents to get me a new mattress. But since I was a kid, I didn't press charges. My parents are usually lazy about things related to my health, and they didn't press charges either. I got an X-Ray done finally, and it said I was fine .... but I still notice it. In October I became an adult. I am scared to death that this will get worse when I get older. I really want to press charges. But I don't know if I can given how much time elapsed -- although I was also a kid then. I've been worrying about it constantly and I know it'll just get worse. It hurts when I lay or sit a certain way sometimes even now, 7 years later. Thank you If you still are hurting, I’m not saying to not try to find answers. You should still do that. I know it would be easier if you had money from a corporation to pay for treatments but the only thing to do now is just find out what is wrong and go from there. Good luck.  Oh... thank you. Copied and pasted from my previous comment responding to the person who said 7 years. The text in quotes is from the link they included. “The minority or previously adjudicated incapacity of the person entitled to sue during any period of time in which a parent, guardian, or guardian ad litem does not exist, has an interest adverse to the minor or incapacitated person, or is adjudicated to be incapacitated to sue; except with respect to the statute of limitations for a claim for medical malpractice as provided in s. 95.11. In any event, the action must be begun within 7 years after the act, event, or occurrence giving rise to the cause of action.” That seems to say that the minor had no parents or guardians, the parents/guardians had an interest that went against the child’s best interests or the the parents/guardians were incapacitated, the statute of limitations is 7 years. None of those are true in your case so they don’t meet the definition that would give you a 7 year statute of limitations.  It might also be worth mentioning that even if she was within the time limit, WalMart is not a playground and "skipping" through the store could sharply reduce whatever liability they may or may not have had. Why don’t those people know what they’re talking about? Uhh I don’t know how to answer that. They’re trolling? They’re drunk? They didn’t pay attention in civics class? Who knows. Does that toll until she becomes an adult? Why? And those people don’t know what they’re talking about.  “The minority or previously adjudicated incapacity of the person entitled to sue during any period of time in which a parent, guardian, or guardian ad litem does not exist, has an interest adverse to the minor or incapacitated person, or is adjudicated to be incapacitated to sue; except with respect to the statute of limitations for a claim for medical malpractice as provided in s. 95.11. In any event, the action must be begun within 7 years after the act, event, or occurrence giving rise to the cause of action.” That seems to say that the minor had no parents or guardians, the parents/guardians had an interest that went against the child’s best interests or the the parents/guardians were incapacitated, the statue of limitations is 7 years. Also OP, before you try to sue, be aware there will be no evidence of this fall and it will be hard to prove. Your word or even your parents word alone will not be good enough. And now you have a doctors report stating their is nothing wrong with you. You may spend a lot money on an attorney for nothing. Take that into consideration.  That's a good point, thank you. I might schedule a trip to my doctor then. Yeah, but it may be worth a shot. A couple people on here just said for a minor it is 7 years. This is something to bring up with 1) a therapist, 2) an actual doctor. You don’t have a legal case at this point.  No. But I see my grandfather multiple times a week, and he is in a lot of pain due to small accidents from when he was middle-aged. Didn't hurt then, hurts like heck now. It really freaks me out that I am going to become like him. You can contact an attorney but expect to be told the exact thing everybody else is telling you now. Are you basing your assumption that it will get worse on specific medical knowledge or a doctor’s diagnosis?  Even so, you have no way (at this point in time) to show that what you are experiencing came from your fall at the Walmart. Additionally, if you and your parents never even reported the incident in the first place.....there is no record it happened and 7 years is a long time. Oh wow thank you! I will look into this. Wow, that's really messed up, it's not a minor's fault that they can't take legal action .... I'm sure there've been much worse cases than this even Thanks for the answers, though I am still thinking about consulting an attorney. If I do do that, should I do it ASAP? Go talk to a personal injury attorney - and make it clear what the timeline is here - [if you're a minor in Florida, you have up to 7 years from the time of the incident to sue](http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute URL=0000-0099/0095/Sections/0095.051.html). If you were 11 when this occurred you could still be within the time frame but you would have to act quickly. Am I really medically cleared if it hurt noticeably for weeks, and is still sensitive 7 years later? I think there must be more than what the X-ray showed. There's no exception for that. Sorry. 4 years. Well, I'm female, and I reached my adult height when I turned 12 :/ I do have anxiety which isn't helping, but I really think this will just get worse. The statute of limitations begins from when you are legally an adult. If this happened 7 years ago - and you have had no treatment been then and now it will be difficult to attribute anything you may want to claim now to a slip and fall from back then.  Your parents would have had to first file a claim with Walmart and tried to have their insurance cover any medical costs as a result of what happened. Additionally, it sounds like you were medically cleared after your parents finally took you to the hospital so whatever issues you are having now may not even be because of your fall.  My parents were not abusive, but what about kids with abusive parents? There is honestly no way they can get compensation when they become adults? I find it hard to believe there's no exception :/ Your parents would have brought a claim on your behalf if you were still a minor. They didn't do so, and the statute of limitations expired.  Your parents should have consulted with an attorney. You are out of luck.  Pressing charges is something the police do when there is a crime and people can get probation/jail/prison. Personal injury is a civil matter and you only sue for money. You might get some more information if you went to see an orthopedic specialist. It’s possible that some of what you’re experiencing is normal growing pain but it’s amplified by anxiety.  Your parents are supposed to act in your best interests. Edited in But what do they expect a kid to do? They can't make a claim themself Even though I was just a kid? What do they expect kids to do? You never gave us your location, but it is very very very likely that the statute of limitations for civil personal injury claims has expired. As far as pressing charges, that is generally a term for criminal law and you cannot do that for many reasons. The top two being that no crime occurred and the police/District Attorney's office are the ones who press charges. You're out of luck. You only had 4 years. I don't know anything about legalities... what is the difference? Florida, United States Your location is important to know the statute of limitation for personal injury claims.