 I work in a small family business in buffalo, ny. One of my coworkers has threatened me with violence three times as of today. When my now on maternity leave girlfriend was still working he would pull his basketball shorts up to his nipples so his junk was fully outlined and put one leg up on her desk and stretch so his junk was in her face. After multiple attempts by her to get him to stop this and multiple other behaviors, such as touching her hair or body, I said something to him directly. This was the first time he threatened to punch me. One thing to bear in mind is we work in a small office (about 20x20) where everyone can see everyone else. However he did stop. The second time he threatened me I had tossed him a part to sell to a customer in front of him and he fumbled it and after selling it got in my face and threatened me again. Today after months of claiming he's "the guy" because he has the most sales a customer came back with a huge order that he both wrote up wrong and handed out completely different parts from both what he wrote up and what they were supposed to be. During a lull in customers he was talking with the boss about it and I said "Who's the guy now?". He said "you need to shut the fuck up or I'm gonna punch you in the face. I said "It was a fucking joke." I had been referring to The New Guy. He responded "You joke too much womenbeater." All of these incidents happened in front of the boss. After going to the bathroom and coming back him and boss were talking about wrestling. At this point I left. Now for the complications. My girlfriend is bosses daughter. Boss refuses to actually deal with any issues between coworkers. I have talked to boss multiple times about this coworkers behavior because this is just the worst of it. He generally insults, degrades or yells at me and our other coworker who is in his 60s for not being fast enough. What can I do? What should I do? Apologies for formatting and grammar, on mobile and still furious.  When someone threatens you with violence, report it to the police. Your girlfriend will have to take it up with her dad if she so chooses, in reference to the alleged sexual harassment. She could have called the police when he touched her without her permission. 