 Hello all. For two years I dedicated my time to exposing sexual predators, catfish and more on an anonymous social network. The only person publicly associated with it, at least at the time, was the website developer/creator. My posts on the site, which consisted of me exposing the solicitations between predators on the site and their minor victims, were constantly deleted by the site. Not to mention I constantly reached out to the website and the web developer privately in regards to all the awful, illegal activities I witnessed on the site in my time. I never received any response, and my efforts were still shut down every time. In March of 2018, my account on the site was deleted and banned, preventing me from exposing predators any further, or even interacting with my contacts and whatnot on the site. I did not receive notice from any site-related entities during my tenure or after, until this morning. After my account on the site was deleted and my IP address evidently banned, I set up a blog to catalog the perverts, cheaters, catfish, predators and more that I'd found over the years, exposing their actions. On the homepage of the site, I had stated the following: "Predators take sexual advantage of minors on the site every day. And the only person who seems to be at the helm, the website designer \[John Doe\], has made no efforts to deter this. In fact, \[the site\] fights back attempts to expose these unsavory users for their actions, going as far as to delete the accounts of those who dedicate their time to doing so." At the time, the designer had made his association with the website quite public; This was not an infringement on his privacy. In any case, this was almost exactly a year ago (My starting of the blog I mean) and I'd left the blog alone for some time now. However, this morning I received an email titled "Notice of Potential Lawsuit and Demand for Removal of Defamatory Publications" from a representative of \[John Doe\], which stated: "Dear Mr. \[Dalek\], You are hereby advised that this law firm represents \[John Doe\] in regards to damages he has suffered as a result of false, unfounded and libelous statements that you caused to be published at \[my blog\] on or after February 18, 2018. Our client is prepared to file a civil complaint in the Superior Court of California against you that will assert numerous causes of action, including defamation, tortious interference with contractual relations, tortious interference with prospective economic advantage, and intentional infliction of emotional distress, unless we can resolve this matter immediately and to our client’s satisfaction. Our investigation of the facts of this matter has corroborated our client’s claims that your posting accuses him as being the sole person in control of the \[site's\] social network in which “\[p\]redators take sexual advantage of minors on \[the site\] every day,” while “making no efforts to deter this,” and engaging in conduct calculated to encourage acts of illegal exploitation on the network. The foregoing statements are libelous. See Cal. Civ. Code § 45 (“Libel is a false and unprivileged publication by writing, printing, picture, effigy, or other fixed representation to the eye, which exposes any person to hatred, contempt, ridicule, or obloquy, or which causes him to be shunned or avoided, or which has a tendency to injure him in his occupation.”). The defamatory statements have damaged our client’s career as a web developer and current and prospective client relationships, thereby rendering you personally liable for tortious interference with contractual relations and prospective economic advantage. See Pacific Gas Electric Co. v. Bear Stearns Co., 50 Cal. 3d 1118, 1126 (1990) (“The elements which a plaintiff must plead to state the cause of action for intentional interference with contractual relations are (1) a valid contract between plaintiff and a third party; (2) defendant’s knowledge of this contract; (3) defendant’s intentional acts designed to induce a breach or disruption of the contractual relationship; (4) actual breach or disruption of the contractual relationship; and (5) resulting damage.”); Youst v. Longo, 43 Cal. 3d 64, 71, fn. 6 (1987) (“The five elements for intentional interference with prospective economic advantage are: (1) \[a\]n economic relationship between the plaintiff and some third party, with the probability of future economic benefit to the plaintiff; (2) the defendant’s knowledge of the relationship; (3) intentional acts on the part of the defendant designed to disrupt the relationship; (4) actual disruption of the relationship; and (5) economic harm to the plaintiff proximately caused by the acts of the defendant.”). Further, the statements have caused Mr. \[Doe\] considerable emotional distress. The damages for the wrongful acts will be substantial, and include pecuniary damages for the harm to our client’s reputation, including loss of business, and damages for the mental anguish caused by the defamatory statements. We have conservatively estimated these damages to be in excess of five hundred thousand dollars at the present time and are expected to increase precipitously if the publications continue. However, as our client desires to attempt in good faith to resolve the above-referenced disagreements with you without judicial intervention, he is willing to defer the instant filing of a lawsuit in exchange for the following: 1. Removal of the above-referenced libelous statements, and deletion of all publications concerning my client; and 2. Provision of written confirmation of compliance with item 1, above. The above proposal is more than reasonable in light of the facts as set forth above. We have advised our client of the rigors of litigation, the endeavors that will ensue should he be forced to proceed, and the publicity that will arise if a lawsuit is filed. He is prepared to proceed, although he would prefer to make some attempt at informal resolution while damages can be mitigated. We are confident that you would likewise rather avoid lengthy, combative litigation and the arduous discovery process we anticipate if such action proves necessary. Please understand that any possibility for avoiding imminent legal action must be realized, if at all, in the immediate future. A response is required no later than three (3) business days of the date of this letter. The letter will be sent by mail if a response to the email version is not received within one (1) business day. All rights and remedies are reserved. Sincerely yours, \[representative\]." I altered the homepage of the blog to refrain from referring to Mr. \[Doe\] in any explicit regard, as well as any content on the blog overall, despite not making any explicit accusations against him, and I informed the representative of this compromise. I have yet to receive anything further from them as of yet, but I'd like to just get my pieces together if need be; Is there anything I should do with this situation henceforth, and is there an actual case against me? (Potentially, I mean.) Please do not respond with personal opinions or negative comments, I'm just looking for \legal advice\. Thank you very much for your assistance, and just reading if you did. "Predators take sexual advantage of minors on the site every day. And the only person who send to be at the helm, the website designer [John Doe], has made no efforts to deter this. In fact [the site] fights back attempts to expose these unsavoury users for their actions, going as far as to delete the accounts of those who dedicate their time to doing so" You followed up "seems to be at the helm" with "(He) has made no efforts to deter this" That is a direct accusation without proof. You say the site is fighting your efforts to stop paedophiles by deleting your account. Unless you have communication with the site that explicitly stated that your account was deleted for making trouble for these users (you suspect are paedophiles) that's another accusation without proof. You're more than likely right in your suspicions about this website and the kind of people that lurk there. But if the police have not found anything concrete against them that you can use...You're in trouble.  As stated in the post, I removed any mention of the designer, dropping all content regarding him specifically across the entire blog. I concede that my wording regarding him could've been a bit more carefully put; Today, I'd have said that I have not seen evidence of his taking action, if even referring to him at all. But I hold that I made no statements to imply he condoned the illegal activities taking place on the site; Merely that he seemed to be the only one "at the helm", and the site was quickly deleting all my content to expose these predators I'd been investigating. In regards to the activities of predators on the site, I'll try to lend comfort in knowing that I retain all of the evidence I'd collected over the years of being on the site, not to mention I'd didn't publish any evidence until I'd gone to police authorities or the site first. Law Enforcement was involved several times via my reaching out to them. The blog was the step after their notice. Beyond that, I'm content with the work I did, and I respect your opinions, and I thank you for the advice. You should have been way more careful in how you presented your case, and worded things on your blog. You have no proof of what actions the developer did or did not take in order to address the issues you brought to his notice. You seem to be implying (in your blog post) that he is actively enabling the perverts...that might be your reading of the situation, but where is your proof? You should have taken your observations to law enforcement instead of playing amateur sleuth. That would have done potential victims more good. If there had been actual paedophilic activity on there you have forewarned them now, so they've had the opportunity to clean up after themselves and go underground.  What you said sure sounds a lot like defamation, and taking his name out is not really enough. You can be defamatroy against the company itself, or if you are making the person identifiable the defamation doesn't go away because you took out his name. Also, if you actually want to prevent predators and not just act liek batman or get attention then you should have reported any illegal behaviour to the police, making a blog isn't helping anyone. You can remove it or risk being sued. And leave the predator catching to the professionals- you're not batman.