 Hello, i just have a question about registering my artist name as a trademark in North America at least or worldwide. I am from Canada and I noticed that my country is not a partaker in "The Madrid Protocol", which the USA partakes in. my understanding is that this protocol would allow you to trademark your name in many countries worldwide at once instead of filing for every country individually... So my questions are: -I want to be trademarked AT LEAST in Canada and the USA. If I file for my trademark in Canada and it gets approved, would I also be able to apply or already be covered in the USA? -Since Canada doesn't partake in the "Madrid Protocol" would my trademark only be valid in Canada? Is there some other protocol Canada partakes in that would trademark me in the USA, and perhaps worldwide instead of having to apply for individual countries? -Lastly, would it just be better to apply for my trademark in the USA only, then use this "Madrid Protocol" to cover my in Canada and in the other member countries? TLDR: I'm just trying to avoid paying multiple unnecessary fees, and just want to know which country is best to apply in and what protocols I can take advantage of in order to AT LEAST cover my trademark in Canada/USA, and better yet worldwide. Filing fee in Canada is a few hundred. Getting a lawyer to do it right will be a few grand. With an international trademark application, it's significantly more expensive because of the more complex examination process required. On top of that, you have renewal fees and then hearing fees if anyone ever challenges your registration... Thanks for the info. Oh wow okay, the websites for USA and Canada led me to believe that the filing fees would only be a few hundred dollars... I didn't know it would be thousands.  First off, you seem to misunderstand what the Madrid Protocol does. The Madrid Protocol just streamlines the application and approval process but it still relies on each country to register the mark. It does not automatically mean that a trademark registered in a Madrid Protocol country is valid in all the countries. 't partake in the "Madrid Protocol" would my trademark only be valid in Canada? Your Canadian filing would only be, yes. "Madrid Protocol" to cover my in Canada and in the other member countries? Each trademark is only useful in the country it has been granted in. My advice to you is that if you're really serious about trademarks, get a lawyer. It's going to cost a few grand just for Canada. The filing fees for an international trademark application through the Madrid Protocol are going to be in the thousands of dollars. Getting a lawyer to guide you through that is going to be tens of thousands. If you're not prepared to spend that kind of money on a trademark application, in 99.999% of cases, it's not going to even be worth it to have a trademark. Filing it yourself and making a mistake can lead to serious consequences down the road. Plus, a trademark is only as good as the resources you have to enforce it.