 Hi everyone, I am posting here because I don't know where else to go at this point. I am in the United States. When I was seventeen, I had a consensual sexual relationship with one of my teachers, "R" who was 37. This was in a state in which the age of consent is 18. He broke it off after I turned eighteen and became a member of the clergy. Several years later, I told another clergy member about it in private, as I had never told anyone and was beginning to be filled with anxiety from all of the lying and covering up I had done. This clergy member, "L," reported it to the higher-ups in R's congregation. R denied everything, and nothing more was done. Two weeks ago, L called me, saying that they had received a call from a lawyer affiliated with R's church. The lawyer said that our case had to be closed, and asked to speak with me or receive more documentation is possible. L wanted to consult with me before acting. I want to make sure that I am protected if I speak with this lawyer. I feel a little over my head, and I don't just want to say "yes" and give out my information without knowing what I'm getting into. I don't really care what happens to R at this point, I just don't want to ever see this person again.  If you eventually someday go to court for anything related to this, the things that you say now will be brought up. Even if you don’t have anything to hide, I would not speak to them.  This sounds like it’s not a legal case right now, but a church case. On the legal side: you have no legal obligation to do or say anything, or talk to anyone. R’s church’s lawyer is trying to get you on record to either absolve R, or to absolve the church’s role in R’s actions. You are not legally required to help or hinder them in this process, or participate in the process at all. Depending on what you say or how you say it, it’s possible R could sue you for slander. You may wish to consult a lawyer, and bring the lawyer with you if you talk — if you do get a lawyer, I suggest not a lawyer associated with the church that the church is paying, but one that you find and you pay, so their first priority is to you. On the church side: I don’t know your church’s rules, but check if the church requires you to participate in this process. If you’re ordered to do so by someone higher up, you may need to testify to remain in good standing within the church, but again I don’t know your church’s rules.  Thank you- I really appreciate the response. You can decline to say anything, or tell "L" whatever you feel like telling him (as long as it's true) and asking him to pass on the info to whoever. However, I have the option of letting L submit their own documentation to this lawyer without ever speaking with him. I really don't. I want this to be out of my life.  I am currently in Minnesota, but this initially happened in Florida. R now lives in New Mexico.  Your state matters here.  Do you want to participate in this process? You aren't obligated to.