 In the spring of 2017 I was sent nudes by this girl. At the time I was immature and made a mistake. I sent the images to a group chat with my friends to be funny. (I felt really bad and deleted them I know this is wrong and I feel horrible.) Anyways now this girl who sent many nudes to over ten guys saw some of her nudes floating around and insisted I was the one who sent them out even though they weren't because i saw them and they were different. Today I was pulled out of my class and questioned by school administrators I showed them a few messages I had with her that I thought would help my case. I also denied sending the nudes to anyone even the group chat. Tomorrow they are going to meet with me again, this time with a police officer involved. I AM FREAKING OUT! What should I give them to help my case? What shouldnt I say? What should I say? Can I get arrested? What happens if I lied?... I really need your help. I feel bad about the situation. I should have never talked to her. Please give me any form of advise!!! she created and sent you child porn, with you then sharing it on to a group chat you also shared child porn, get to your parents and tell them you need a lawyer  Stop talking to the police. Tell your parents. Get a lawyer and prepare for trial.  Ask your parents to hire an attorney for you first and put the phone into your lawyer's custody. Do this before your step foot on your school premises again (with your lawyer). Since you shouldn’t be at school at all since you should be in an attorney’s office it’s a somewhat moot point. But I wouldn’t bring it. Of course I would also stop destroying evidence which is a crime itself. Talk to your parents, get a lawyer. Should I not bring my phone to school tomorrow or what can I do? Yes, they have the ability. Do the police have the ability to take my phone and search it? I deleted all incriminating texts and snap chats can they retrieve these and use them against me?? DO NOT TALK TO THE POLICE WITHOUT AN ATTORNEY. PERIOD. Repeat after me: “I am asserting my 5th amendment right to remain silent, I will not answer any questions without my attorney. I do not consent to any searches.” You say that and ONLY THAT. No matter how much they say it will be easier if you cooperate, they just need to clear this up, or that you are not a suspect. Now, right fucking now, go tell your parents you are being investigated for distribution of child porn. Tell them nothing past that and have them hire an attorney for you first thing tomorrow. You cannot talk your way out of this, but talking can make it a fuck of a lot worse.  Do not talk to the police. Right now go tell your parents what happened and get them involved. If the police do show up to talk to you politely tell them that you will not be answering any questions without a lawyer, and then fully stop answering questions. The police can lie to you, don't believe they are helping you. Just stop talking and get a lawyer.  Don't meet with anyone or say anything without your attorney present You're looking down the barrel of a serious felony charge