 my friend (let’s call her jess) texted me a few days ago about her abusive father trying to kill her. here’s what she said... ‘So my dad is extremely homophobic and he said that if anyone in our family was gay he would kill them (he also does drugs and is abusive) well he found out that I’m bi and I didn’t know he knew til after it happened but he made brownies and put drugs in them and then gave one to me and it was so much that after he refused to take me to the er and laughed at me saying I was being overdramatic my mom had to rush me to the er and we learned what he had done and it was so much that I overdosed and almost died, while I was in the er he sent me a ton of homophobic txts saying how he thought it was horrible and that he hoped I’d die and that sorta thing well after recovering my mom pressed charges and we’ve been in and out of court but my dad is terminating all of his parenting rights bc he doesn’t want me to be his daughter anymore bc of who I like’ this has gotten so bad that the state is pressing charges, but her fathers mother is secretly paying the judge to be on his side. jess says that she’s doing this through a ‘business campaign’ and her father has openly admitted to it, but there are no physical records of him saying this. she lives in kentucky, where he must sign adoption papers for her stepdad to adopt her, and he will not sign them. she says... ‘Basically either my dad goes to jail and eventually I go back over there or he gets off the hook with no punishment and I’m safe forever from him’ i want to give her information that is correct but i’m not sure. so i ran here. extra information you might need: • she’s only 14 years old • she has a DVO main questions i have- • is there a way to find that the judge is taking money from the donations/campaign? • is there a way that she will be 100% safe? • is there a way that her step dad can adopt her?  If she went to the ER for a drug overdose at 14, there is a one hundred percent chance the ER will have notified CPS. Furthermore, charges are already pending. This story that his mother is bribing the judge is just another tactic to intimidate and control you, and is almost certainly untrue: judges lose their whole careers over bribery. Your mother and your stepfather have extremely good grounds to file for his parental rights to be forcibly terminated, if they choose to do so. Poisoning your child is pretty black and white.