 Hey Reddit, I don’t know if this is the right subreddit to post this but I need an outside perspective and some help. We have some neighbors on a flag lot behind us whom we don’t exactly have the best relationship. I’m somewhat friends with their daughter who is my age however. I’ll go into some detail about our 5 year relationship. They’re “musicians”. They like to play loud and repetitive jazz music through amps, and often past 10pm (the time when they are supposed to stop due to the law). My family is mostly morning people so this is very annoying when a lot of us are trying to sleep. They are positioned on a hill behind us, so the sound does echo down and can be very loud. Sometimes the bass shakes our house. There are a few other neighbors who have complained as well. When we first moved in we asked them nicely to stop. They would always stop for a while and either start back up later the same night or do it again later in the week. We’ve called the cops multiple times over the years to no avail; they either just warned them or they stopped playing once the cops came. One time they may have been fined a small amount (I don’t entirely remember) but they’re loaded so they didn’t seem to do anything different after. A few months ago they started trimming the trees in our yard without asking us because they were blocking their ocean view. They had basically finished by the time we got home to see it. We even found out they lied to their gardeners and said that they emailed us about the trimming before doing so. They did not. When I personally asked the mom (who is a housewife) she said she thought it would be fine because we allowed our other neighbors to trim some different trees several months ago when they asked us prior. Wasn’t a big deal, the trees look fine. But they dropped a bunch of cut branches and leaves in our yard which they didn’t pick up and never offered to. We ended up cleaning it up ourselves. Recently, my mom was trying to sleep on a week day night and texted them at 10:30, asking them to stop playing. I read the text she sent and it was not harsh at all. The housewife called my mom back screaming and calling my mom a bitch. She screamed at us if we have a problem to just move. She is known to be an alcoholic, and has began holding her head down and avoiding eye contact with all of my family. We have received 3 nails in our car tires in the past year. My mom has been suspicious for a while they have been doing this but I was always skeptical until today. We have barely had any nails in the tires before these 3. As well as this, the car we have parked in our garage has never had a nail in its tire. They have all been on the same side of the car and have all been straightly in, not at an angle, and a 2 of them have been the same type of nail. Today when we saw that it was flat, the neighbor was outside at the same time and said “thats unfortunate” to us in a sarcastic way. I didn’t respond. We plan on installing a camera in the front of the house. Anything else you guys think we should do about this? All advice and questions are appreciated.  Everytime there is a noise violation, clal the police. 