 Hi all. The title basically speaks for itself. This is a house I am leasing in Pittsburgh, PA. We were able to kill a mouse with a trap a few months ago but another one appeared and I am afraid with 1-2 mice come many many more. Pest control has been scheduled once by my landlord, however, obviously the problem persists. I found this through google: "A rodent infestation is a breach of the implied warranty of habitability, inherent in all residential rental and lease agreements as though it is a written provision. [Green v. Superior Court of California (1974) 10 Cal. 3d 616] A dwelling is considered uninhabitable if it is not “substantially free” from rodents and vermin. This, of course, raises the question of what constitutes “substantial.”[Calif. Civil Code § 1941.1(a)(6)]" So this seems to be a much larger problem than I made it out to be when we saw / were able to kill the first mouse... I am just wondering what can I do in this scenario. Can I get compensated by my landlord? What actions should / can I take right now? Thanks for the constructive response. Mice can easily gain access to your house in a variety of ways. It could be gaps in the structure of the house which they can crawl through, or it could be something as simple as them running in when you open any door leading outside. That said, it may not be an infestation. An infestation would be mice which have fully established themselves in the house. Look around where you've seen any mice for droppings, they'll look like little black grains of rice. More droppings could indicate more mice. If you don't find more mice or signs of mice, it's probably just a few which managed to slip inside. Regardless of how bad the mouse population is, for your own health you should work to remove the mice. You should first make sure that more mice are not let inside ("excluded" in exterminator speak). Look for any opening as small as a quarter around your doors (including garage door(s) if applicable), windows, and near where you have seen any mice. Plug those gaps or have your landlord do so (steel wool is great for this, mice hate the feeling of trying to chew it). Once the holes are plugged you can work on getting rid of existing mice. Snap traps are great for getting a few mice; you can target traps to known/suspected locations and you'll know whether or not you catch any mice. If you suspect that there are more mice, bait traps (like d-con) can be an effective method of control. Bait can be brought back to a mouse's nest and shown to other mice, which can help remove a large population quickly.  ^ Here it is on the nolo site. Although it does say in "virtually" every state. ^ but here's another source saying, "However, the landlord must remedy serious defects affecting the safety or liveability of a rental unit. Such problems as lack of water or heat, a badly leaking roof, faulty electrical wiring, insect or rodent infestation, serious structural damage, and housing code violations are generally covered by the warranty unless they result from damage caused by the tenant." Where? I looked for 'rodent-free' and could not find it at the nolo site. What does the lease say for pests? I understand that, and what I meant was. If it's such a big deal in CA, then I should probably be worrying about it more. Also I did more digging and Pennsylvania seems to have a similar law regarding implied warranty of habitability: In which a rodent-free household is included. You are citing CA law in PA, twice. That has nothing to do with your state. Keep trapping. Seal entry point.