 I live in Canada, one of the two major companies out here is the one in question. We have a situation that can significantly affect our personal safety if a certain individual finds out where we live. Back when this first came to light we had the phone company unlist our number. Well due to a recent incident, it is clear now that the individual that poses a risk to our safety knows our address, and we figured out that our number and address was listed on the internet. We called the phone company and were furious, they contacted 411 and had them remove it which took 48 hours. They explained that an employee tried to save us money by removing it off our bill. They blamed us for not checking our bill (it was unlisted for 5 years, we had no reason to check that, they were aware it was due to a safety reason and even didnt charge us for the first year because of that). We asked it to be escalated to the ombudsperson and the chief privacy officer. We got an email from "The office of the president" stating that they want to work with us and will do anything they can to help. We responded that we would like to be contacted because our safety is in jeaporday, we need to install surveillance at least but possibly move. After this they completely ignored us. I sent a follow up email saying I was disappointed that they dont consider our privacy or safety important, and that I would like the contact info for their legal department. Still no answer. Do I have a cause of action? I dont have any tangible damages yet, but I would like my surveillance and potentially my moving costs paid for if I need it. Does our stress and fear constitute any damages? The only proof I have that they found our number online is a family member who had a conversation with them. In this conversation they said they "looked us up online." Is this going to be a problem? Is there any way I could get some media attention to this story that might help? Thanks in advance. This is a potential PIPEDA violation that you can report to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada... but it's very unlikely—in my opinion—that the Cable company would be held liable for paying for your surveillance/security costs or moving costs for simply allowing your number to be published in a telephone directory. Some provinces recognize a statutory right of action for breach of privacy which basically means there is a specific legal mechanism that exists for taking legal action against companies that expose your private information without consent... but not all provinces have this. Some provinces also recognize a common law tort related to invasion of privacy, but often it applies only if the invasion of privacy was intentional (and there are often other conditions as well). --- Disclaimer: TINLA. Consult a lawyer for legal advice and to evaluate whether there is possible cause of action that would allow you bring a lawsuit against the cable company. I'm gonna hazard a guess here and say you're dealing with the rotten rats at Rogers... They tried to save you money? Yea right! You'll have to take a close look at your contract, but I'm pretty sure they're not allowed to change up your plan without your consent. There have been recent efforts to tighten the screws on the telecom giants, but they're still running amok! Check out this site to see what, if any, recourse is open to you: 