 Was told to come here. Here is my previous post. I didn't really know where to put this. I just made this Reddit account for this post. My mother (M) is an anti vaxxer. She his vaccines from me for so long I didn't know what vaccines were until fifth grade. I'm now in 7th grade and I'm 12. I got a paper from the school staff that they passed out telling us that we need vaccines. My mom tried to tell me we don't need them and stuff. She will not let me get my vaccines. No matter what. I am sick right now and I don't remember a dat I wasnr. One if my nostrils are always stuffed and I'm always sick. I have a weak immune system. Can I get vaccines without parental consent? Please help I wanna live past 15.- I live in Michigan and I was wondering if my parents don't consent could i get an aunt or sister to help me get them? Thanks for the article. Not 100% convinced now but a little bit wiser. :) Some people just need that escape from life I guess. I don't know. But they are definitely not 12, and this is for sure a fake post, if not a whole fake account.  I'm PMing with him right now and he is trying so hard to play off that he is 12 years old.  Yeah, OP is full of crap. History is all over the map. According to one it read that OP is actually Trans. I find a Trans 12 year old hard to believe.  Not stupid. You're just young. Your mom hasn't been taking care of you and that's not your fault. This shouldn't be your responsibility so no one is judging you for not knowing Are you asking if herd immunity is a proven concept? [Because yes it is](). If you're asking if the decline of herd immunity is the cause for the current measles outbreaks, then the answer is maybe, but most likely yes, because we haven't had the time to do the epidemiological studies yet. It could be that the outbreak is due to a new strain of measles, or even a viral infection that is similar to measles but is a new virus all together.  The essentials I gueas. I'm pretty stupid so idj. Can you message me and tell me why you think that? I don't see anything wrong with it. It's not very interesting either? I don't get what your saying.. question mark  OP, you have an interesting user history and I think you're full of it.  At age 12, what vaccines do you need?  ? As far as I know it just sounds reasonable enough to blindly believe. It's important to understand what getting a vaccine entails. For most vaccines, it's not as simple as "go to doctor, get loaded up on shots, and then done forever". Most vaccines are given as a series or on what's called a schedule. And if you don't keep to the schedule, the vaccine is ineffective. For example, you may get your first shot, then need a second in six months, and a third at two years. Other vaccines (ex flu shot) need to be given every year. Your mom's insurance will likely issue her paperwork showing that you got the first round of shots. This will make it extremely difficult for you to maintain the vaccine schedule. Similarly, whoever administers your vaccines needs access to your medical records to ensure it is safe to vaccinate you. So while I absolutely encourage everyone to be vaccinated if they are able, this needs careful planning and thought on your part.  Having one nostril always stuffed is normal. Its called the nasal cycle.  This should help visualize heard-immunity.  If his mom is antivaxx its not too much of a stretch to say she distrusts medicine in general and might also be refusing treatment for allergies OP doesn't know he has. Kid definitely needs a physical at least.  I know that my experience is a personal anecdote and not legal advice, but when I got a pneumonia prevention shot, for moving overseas, my colds were much less severe. It's something that OP should consider when they're able to get vaccines. That said, a constant nostril blockage could be a symptom of a deviated septum, which is something that requires surgical correction and can't be resolved by vaccines. I'm not an epidemiologist, so I can't state with any authority. But, my best guess would be yes, the percentage of unvaccinated would have likely have been high enough that the vaccinated population wouldn't have been able to stop the disease from spreading through the community. If you're unvaccinated and you're surrounded by a 100 vaccinated people, the disease is unlikely to get to you. If 20 of those 100 people were also unvaccinated, then suddenly there's a path to you. Do you believe the Washington outbreak was an example of loss of herd immunity? Sounds like it... you're going to have to be tricky about it. If you ask your mom to fill out that form right now - she's going to know that you want to get your vaccines.  The i wanna live past 15 was a joke. Thank you tho!  Not legal advice, but biology If you have a weak immune system from something like cancer or an auto immune disorder like lupus, the you shouldn't be getting vaccines. You should be ideally protected by herd immunity (if 95% of people are vaccinated then the disease can't spread protecting the 5% that can't get the vaccines). .- Even with old diseases coming back like measles, your chances of dying of them as a teenager are very slim. Being vaccinated is the best option, but you shouldn't panic over dying when ever you see a red dot or get flu like symptoms. The reason why people are making a big deal about people being unvaccinated, and things like the measles outbreak, is because if more and more people continue to not vaccinate we will see deaths and disability from these diseases in the same numbers we used to see, and we'll lose herd immunity.  have your mom fill this out to get treated for anything at minute clinic. Ask for your school-required vaccinations. Legally, it needs to be a parent or guardian who takes you to the doctor to get the vaccines. Do you have a second parent or someone with joint custody with your mother who can do it? I suggest also talking to a school nurse, school guidance counselor, or a teacher, for advice. Michigan is in the midst of a measles outbreak (measles is preventable by vaccines), and this is likely why the teachers passed out that info. The school will have a plan in place for how to help you, or how to try and convince your mother to let you be vaccinated.   'm always sick I hope you can get this sorted, but as a side-note, vaccines won't keep you from getting a common cold or boost your immune system in a way that will. They help prevent specific highly contagious diseases which is obviously important.