 I applied for SSI back in early August, and I just got a rejection a couple days ago. I've contacted a lawyer and am waiting to hear back before I appeal, but their site says that they only collect a fee if they win the case, and it's something like 25% of the back-pay. Though the rejection letter says I have to go through the SSA to approve fees and such? I don't know anything about any of this, I'm very lost on what to do and how to go about anything. For context, I'm 24 and I was diagnosed with NDPH by the mayo clinic in FL. NDPH is a debilitating syndrome with no known cause, cure, or effective treatment. I also have diagnosed major depressive disorder and anxiety disorder, both made worse by my syndrome. I've been out of work since March 2018, and even performing basic functions is hard most days. I've been surviving off art, but I'm struggling so, so hard. I'm afraid my age will make it difficult to obtain, even with a lawyer. Is this the case? Do I have to go through SSA to find a specific lawyer, or can the one I contacted go through the system? Is there any predatory tactics to look out for (like tacking on fees, over-charging, etc)? Do they just kinda pursue until you win, or do they give up at some point? I'm scared, I have no help and don't know what I am going to do. Any help is much appreciated. In Orlando FL, US. Oh, ok. That's not so bad, I just need something to help. I don't know that I could get it on my own. People on SSI always say to get a lawyer, I probably should have sooner. Not a bad idea, I will have to see if the lawyer I contacted has worked with younger clients or is confident. Their firm seems well experienced in disability claims, so I'm really hoping. Otherwise, I will probably contact SSA and ask for resources because I have no idea what I'm doing. The whole process is confusing enough. And a follow-up. You'll want to talk to local attorneys and find one with experience with younger patients. You can choose who you go with. Yes, that's how it works. The lawyer gets 25% of your back pay, capped at $6,000. They won't get more than that. SSA approval means that when disability is awarded, they wait for the attorney to submit a claim for fees before they give you your back pay. The lawyer will be paid directly by Social Security, and you'll get what's left over.