 My grandpa started a church more than 30 years ago and had a cash reserve set aside for his retirement. About 10 or so years ago, he had a stroke that took away his ability to speak almost entirely. I don't remember the specifics, but from my experience with living around him, he was unarguably disabled and could not comprehend much after the stroke; my grandma took full care of him because he couldn't do so himself. That being said, a day or so after my grandpa's stroke, another minister (worked alongside my grandpa as pretty much a "backup" minister) came to my grandpa with a contract that gave away the cash reserve designated for his retirement. He signed the contract and lost his retirement. My family has been going back and forth on whether or not to take legal action, but we don't have legal experience and we worry that we will pay a significant amount of legal fees only to lose the case. I feel like signing a contract while not being of sound mind is not valid, however, I don't know if this is an argument that will hold up in court. What do yall think about this and what should we do next? I agree it is unlikely that he actually signed the papers. I haven’t seen the signed documents, so I can only speculate that they forged his signature. I’ll look into an Elder Financial Fraud Lawyer.  The notion that your grandfather could have signed a paper a day after a stroke of the nature of which you described seems implausible. In Texas the statute of limitations on civil fraud is four years from when you discovered the fraud so you may not be out of luck. For 600k you should search for a lawyer with experience in elder financial fraud and run this by them. The time to take action was, unfortunately, 10 years ago. You're beyond the statute of limitations for any cause of action you may have. Oof, that's a lot of money. 10 years is a very long time ago. I'll leave it to others to comment on the statute of limitations in your area. A visit to an attorney for a consultation will answer most of these questions and worth the time to do so. He isn’t alive anymore. We have medical records of his speech therapy and xrays that show the damage. I would estimate around $600k. It happened almost 10 years ago.  How much money are you talking about? In many situations the amount of money you are trying to recover determines whether it is worth bringing legal action. Also, when did this happen. Not a lawyer, but there will be a statute of limitations in this situation.  Is your grandfather still alive? If so, he can be evaluated by a doctor as to his mental capacity and that would be good evidence. I think this is probably worth a consultation with a lawyer even if you decide not to pursue it in the end. They often give low or no cost initial consultations and tell you whether the case has enough merit to pursue.