 The marriage had a lot of problems, and my mom doing Lularoe didn't help matters. The divorce started October of last year and since then my step mom has been a nightmare. About 2 weeks after the divorce started I got kicked out of my house and my dad picked me up and moved me to GA (where we live) . Since then my step mom has claimed that every thing that has occurred since the divorce was preplanned. Sending her to jail (she assaulted my dad), bringing me to be a free babysitter for my brother (he's 8) and more. My dad has also tried to add me to my brother's pick up list and my step mom keeps taking me off citing that our family members that live 30 minutes away on a good day is good enough, vs me who lives 5 minutes away, and works down the road from his school (about 3 minute drive. She has also stated that I am not fit to babysit my brother because I don't know how to raise children, and has accused me of neglecting my brother (he didn't wash his hair once, but I told him not to that day because he has dyed blue hair and he had washed it for the past two days. I used to have dyed hair so I know a little about up keeping the color). My dad met with a Guardian Et Liem and apparently she said that she will pick my step mom over my dad because she's the mother. My step mom has a car that recently got repossessed. She works Uber so she has no income from there, she recently got a job that I doubt pays enough. She took my little brother out of school for a week to go to Disney. She spends so much money on Disney. And I do mean Disney. She travels to Disney world every other month at least, buys a shit ton of crap (when collecting her stuff we would know its hers just from the fact that it's disney) and obsessed over all things Disney. She started selling Lularoe and spent more money on the Disney stuff, and then didn't sell any of it. My dad and I are struggling to get rid of it as is. She also cuddles my little brother in bed, and walks around the house topless. My father is a great dad, and it's getting frustrating seeing that my little brother is going to end up like me where my mom moved out of state taking me with her, then making excuses on why my dad can't see me. Can anyone please help? I am sorry you are going through all of this. But the only answer is for your father to retain a lawyer. If he cannot afford one he should check with legal aid.  If she went to jail for domestic abuse, that can’t help her custody case. Your dad just has to push for custody. 