 I began dating my now ex husband in 2004. During that time he told me this rather elaborate story about the time he and his buddies beat a man to death with a bat. I believed him, fell asleep, and never brought it up until around 2013. It bothered my all those years but I was always to scared to question him. One day, I got up the nerve to ask him about it and he laughed and laughed saying it was just a story he heard someone tell and he was trying to "impress" me. He stated that it never happened (or at least he had no part of it). I tried to believe the new story. We separated in 2014 and ultimately divorced in 2015. Over the course of the last several months, it is apparent my ex has some issues. He lacks compassion, empathy, sympathy, he seems narcissistic, and is extremely controlling. He is a compulsive liar and has zero sense of reality. This has all shined through during a custody battle we're going through. Just some ideas of actions he has taken that are baffling and questionable: he has 2 sons (with 2 different women), whom he has never met and has been able to completely feel detached from and could essentially care less if he ever meets them. One boy is being raised by a man who is a convicted child rapists. He claims it's none of his business. Next, he is actively preventing me (mom) from obtaining ANY extra time with our kids. I stupidly agreed to give him primary custody when we divorced. Unfavorable behavior, on his part, prompted me to file for full custody. He was abusing his adderall, got a DUI, was purchasing Tramadol online, the kids' attendance records were ridiculous, etc. Unfortunately, I lost. Judge didn't find adequate cause for a major modification. It's been 2 months and I'm still trying to wrap my head around how I lost. It's left me with zero faith in the justice system. I'm sure it's normal to be angry when someone tries to take your kids from you but how on earth does a grown man keep his kids from their mother and without any remorse at all? He's even gone so far as to say if i ask again to pick them up early or keep them longer, he will have me arrested for harassment. All that to say this: I'm beginning to feel like he could be responsible, in some way, for murder. I believe he has the ability to do something like that and not let it affect him emotionally. I looked up cold cases in the area he lived in during the time he told me this incident happened. There's a cold case that could match his story. A man, who worked at a restaurant that I know ex's friend also worked at, was found beaten to death with a blunt object. I have no idea what to do, if anything. I'd hate to report it and get more backlash from ex regarding my kids. I also dont want to get myself in any legal trouble for not reporting it. What should my plan of action be here? Contact the appropriate law enforcement officials and report this confession to them. Also, be open with them about your present situation. If they find out on their own it will make seem a less than credible source. That's it. If the cops find there's any truth to the story, you'll hear back from them. If not, it's a load off your conscience.  That's how I've been trying to see it. He also wanted to be a rally car driver, own a private island, become a pilot. It was exhausting. Thank you! did he provide any other details about that story that could help police—or details perhaps only police could know, other than him? I’ve known sociopaths like your ex and I don’t hesitate to believe that he could be capable of such violence. also, it doesn’t surprise me how he brought up he story then denied it later, saying it was to “impress you.” whether the story is true or not, he was trying to impress you with it, and that’s frightening. complete sociopath.  Calling Crime Stoppers is an option. Does anyone else know his “story” in case it ends up being not true? If you’re the only one, then tread lightly. Or wait until you’ve gotten custody back.  Narcissists often tell elaborate, fake stories for attention. You're reaching here. Majorly. He's an asshole, but likely not a murderer. 