 So very recently, about 6 weeks ago I purchased a car. In the agreement, the dealership said that they could do my first oil change for free, and once I reached 3k miles last Thursday I took it to their shop to have it done. This weekend I drove about 300 miles away to dallas, but on the way back my engine was acting up big time. It was sputtering, stopping on the highway, and didn't wanna speed up past 45mph. I pulled over at a shell and opened the hood to find that when they did the oil change, they omitted putting the oil cap on, so my car was slowly loosing all that oil until it was running with none left. Contacted a tow truck and got back home. Yesterday I went to the dealership and they agreed to repair it for me, and today as I was driving it back home I can feel that the engine doesn't run like it used to. Is there anything I can do to get it seen by a mechanic who actually wants to help and make them pay for it? The car is under warranty, take it in to another dealer and explain what happened. Get a corporate contact while you're there. BTW, I'm in Dallas, if you run into any problems, I'd be happy to assist however I can. Likely their repair consisted of cleaning the engine compartment, and filling the oil back to capacity. They need to at the very least replace the engine. I would insist on it were I in your position. The problems will manifest throughout the life of the vehicle getting progressively worse, eventually leading to the premature demise of your engine. They said something about "checking the fluids". I'm really not car savvy, so I just kinda took their shit with a smile. But I'm certain all they did was clean it, because like I said it still feels very "lazy" for lack of a better description. Location isn't optional. Also, did they tell you how they "repaired" your car that was driven on little to no oil? I would expect them to rebuild the engine, which was almost certainly not done in a day... I would absolutely take it to a 3rd party mechanic, explain the situation, and ask them to look at it.