 I live in Denver. Recently moved out of property and had about 30% of our security deposit held. Purchased my own house so now I will not have to deal with landlords again. I am wondering if it's worth taking company to small claims court, more out of principal rather than need of the money. Our rental company changed names halfway through lease and provided an email saying our lease would not change. Significant portion of the deductions came from cleaning service where we were billed at $70 an hour for 4 hours, lease clearly states $55 an hour. "Cleaning shall include a professional steam cleaning of all carpeting, cleaning of appliances inside and out, cleaning of all furniture, fixtures, sinks, toilets and picking up all litter and dog excrement in the yard (regardless of whether or not Tenant has pets).Tenants must supply Manager with receipt of professional cleaning. Cleaning must be performed by a professional, licensed company. If Tenant fails to thoroughly clean and remove all personal belongings from the Property, then Manager or his agents will perform the final cleaning at a cost of $55 per hour plus all costs of removing garbage or personal belongings." Second portion was from neglect to the yard. No grass; just bushes and other arid weather plants that grow well in Colorado. A month before move out they emailed us saying the lawn needed care and sent us a photo documented what it looked like when we moved in. This photo was clearly taken some time prior to our move in date, as photos I have show the plants much taller than what it is in the picture. My pictures are not very good tbh. We did a significant amount of weeding and trimming prior to move out leaving it in the same shape we found it. We were deducted 200 for the yard. A month later I drove past the property and it was clear that no work had been done. When I asked what was specifically wrong with the yard they said " Concerning the lawn, this amount was based on our estimation of the cost - this is what we do for a living ". But would not provide further details. Complicating the issue, 4 months before move-out they began a construction project on the front of the house rebuilding the porch. We were told it would take a few days to complete but went on for over 90 days. They were on willing to compensate us. During this time the old decking, wood, and subfloor were thrown into the yard by the shoddy contractor. These still remain at the property today. Not to mention we were unable to use our front door for the duration and were forced to park in the backyard and only use that door. If I take them to small claims court its a 31 dollar fee in Colorado. What's my best case scenario in this? It's only about $260 we would be asking for back. I also do not have very good documentation with pictures. Should i just leave them a bad review on google and move on with my life? Any advice is appreciated. It sounds like it is likely that you'll recover $15 per hour from the cleaning fees, and that you and landlord will litigate the condition of the yard. We dan't guess that outcome. Though the fact that they didn't actually correct the conditions of the yard wouldn't be substantive if they established the legitimacy of the $200 figure in some way. It sounds generally like this would be an effort of principle rather than one of sound financial decision.