 I felt so much guilt and anxiety while taking it, but I don’t think my manager will find out. The cashier before me wasn’t short or over. But somehow I was. I just took it as a tip since I work totally alone. But the question is, WILL they find out?... I counted the safe and drawer multiple times, and I really was $11 over. I’d never just steal money like that, but it was just so much. I didn’t want my drawer to be wrong, and I didn’t think taking the overage would harm anyone. I’m returning it tomorrow making my drawer be over $11 again, but will that still make the manager find out? I looked over the reports and there’s nothing up. Idk how I’m $11 over.... but yeah. I’ve never stolen money before in my life and I feel awful. :/ I’m home now and feeling pretty guilty. I just hope but returning it tomorrow, it still won’t be noticeable that I took it on this date. So can anyone tell me how that works? Please and thank you! Wait and see what happens in the morning. Good luck. But if the next morning it’s $10 over, wouldn’t that I mean I just miscounted?  Don't put it back tomorrow. If the extra was planted there you're already screwed. If it wasn't planted there you may cause them to look into it further by putting it back. If you feel bad about it donate the money to a charity and move on. There are red flags that will cause a manager to 'salt' the drawer. When the shift report is turned in the manager already knows that the drawer should be $10 long; you were actually $1 long and the $10 was placed there by the manager. Good luck. I’m thinking about just retrieving my drop tomorrow from today and then putting the cash in there. And then changing what I wrote down for today’s report. I wanted to do that right before leaving but I didn’t know how to open the drop’s safe. So I’m asking for the code tomorrow to make it right. Impossible to know whether you will be caught (or indeed have already been caught and don’t know it yet) without knowing how the business you work for operates. Do they reconcile the drawers every night? How will you put the $11 back tomorrow? What will your explanation before your drawer being off tomorrow? What if you get caught trying to put it back? Are there video cameras? Could this have been a test?  However, it's not uncommon for stores with theft and fraud problems to install cameras over the till areas to catch this exact thing, and a till being spot on to the cent is often a warning sign in and of itself. There's no un-ringing this bell. Your plan is as good as any. If you get caught slipping cash into the till, do not explain yourself, and especially do not talk about today's bad decision. Anything you say can be used to support theft charges.