 So I understand that shopping malls are private property open to the public. And often cases there are security guards. Okay so: I'm a student at my local university and typically either after or between classes I take short trips to local the outdoor mall because it is within walking distance from campus. I have been doing this for two years and I'm there most times to get a snack, walk, shop, etc. Everything allowed within the code of conduct. But I do walk a lot, I keep up with my health and walking around the mall helps me maintain my 10,000 steps a day minimum goal. Well, on one occasion last year for a few months I got to know this one security guard who knew I was out there a lot and he was friendly and always had my back. Because, not to pull the race card, but people have called about me and I quote from him when he got a call from a local customer "theres a suspicious black guy walking the parking lots" and he assured her that I was just a regular out there. It's a high end mall so it's not rare to take pictures, whether it be the architecture, backdrop or the fancy cars that sometimes show up. He said it's no problem, so have a few other guards. And of course, I've read GGP Malls code of conduct thoroughly, it lists nothing against that or walking around without much purpose. Well, he left at some point last year, but I still felt safe. Eventually this older white guy takes notice of me and I always catch him looking me dead in the face as he rides by. Eventually, two months ago, he pulls up and very aggressively asks me why I am out here so much and that I walk around a lot. "What's the deal?" he asks. I tell him the deal and he acts like I didn't answer his question. So I just waved him off politely and walked off. Unsettled, I called the security office and told them about it and they assured me that I was doing nothing wrong. But now every time I see him he is giving me a stare down. One time even pointed at me suspiciously. It's not very welcoming I must say. I feel like it'll get to the point where he will ask me to leave. It's not my first unwelcoming deal with the security guards either. Half of them notice me and don't mind/are friendly, some of them seem to be in their own little world and don't even seem to do any real patrolling, and then there's the hard asses. I was taking a picture of a Rolls Royce Dawn, with permission, a couple years back and I get stopped by this dude who still works here and he tells me I can't do that, implies I'm trying to steal it, threatens to detain me and then whips out his phone and takes a photo of me. I call the office and some guy on the phone told me he was right (and yet since this incident I've had about 5 other guards tell me otherwise isn't that funny) and of course it's not prohibited on the code of conduct? Being 18, and recently, my mom was furious and we called the SAPD and an officer told me that I was within my rights but it was good that I complied anyway as it's not worth it. Being a frequent visitor of this mall, I'm just worried it will happen again or something else this time. I mean I'm just a regular student shopper and I do shop here, I don't just freeload, and yet I feel like I'm attracting trouble for doing nothing. What can I do should something serious happen? Based off of a hypothetical situation that may or may not happen in the future, yes, if you are kicked out and believe that the security guard is in the wrong then you take it up with his boss and escalate as necessary.  Of course, I never argue with a security officer and instead call the office when necessary. Is that really all I have to/can do? If the mall gives that security guard the authority to kick you off of their property (most business do give their security guards the authority to do this BTW), and he tells you to leave, then you need to leave. You can always call the security desk and take it up with his boss if you want, but at the time that he has the authority and he exercises it, you have to leave when told.