 Ok so long story short I got let go from a bar because I didn’t want to work more than 2-3 shifts a week because I was job hunting and the hours were long. They said there was no hard feelings and I was welcome anytime. Each employee was paid as a contract employee, when I received my 1099 it was several thousand over what I made (I kept track of every check received and cashed). When I asked the employer to correct the form he threatened me with embezzlement and stated he sat down with the IRS and they told him to over report for the money I supposedly stole. I never stole a dime from this place, and he claims he has footage which is absolute bullshit. What should I do to obtain the correct 1099 form or deal with this on my tax return? Oh and he also threatened to report me to the police, just icing on the cake.  Just an FYI the IRS is pretty slammed right now. You may get quicker results dealing with your states taxing authority as well as your state's labor board. Both take a dim view of worker exploitation and attempted tax evasion. I'm not suggesting you DONT call the IRS, i'm suggesting you call both. Good luck. This could have a "fun" update depending on where it goes.  Yeah I know that. I just don’t want to pay it on an additional 3k I never actually earned!  Yeah, he's gonna get spanked by the local labor dept, IRS, etc. Unfortunately, ultimately, you will always be responsible for the taxes you owe. Since he didn't pay any taxes on your payroll, you're going to have to come up with the money for taxes. The only proof I have is all my checks from the company that I put into my checking account and and excel document I used to keep track of when I received the check and when they were cashed. But I also have messages of him refusing to correct the 1099 and then threatening me. Isn’t it also wrongful that he wasn’t providing me with paystubs in the first place?  Darn... paystubs would have worked in your favor. You still need to fight the 1099 though, there's no way you'd be considered a contractor. Ok good to know. I’m going to contact the IRS tomorrow and tell them what happened. I’ll provide them with proof of what I actually made and the messages of him refusing to correct my 1099 and him stating he sat down with the IRS and they told him to over inflate my earnings. And him also falsely threatening me with embezzlement when there’s no proof nor was it true.  Nope. No paystubs, I only received a check everyday Friday for my cash and credit card tips. So when you got your checks, did you get paystubs? And if so, did the paystubs show that taxes were paid? The problem here is that you were likely misclassified. You have to pass certain tests to be a 1099 employee (Do you have control over when and how you do your job? Do you provide your own tools? Do you invoice the employer?), and bartenders probably don't. By giving you an incorrect 1099, he's not only reducing his own taxes but increasing yours. It's tax evasion, and there's a good chance it's criminal. Report him. I'm sure the state tax department and the IRS would love to go over his books, and you would likely get money back as he's forced to pay back taxes that you've been paying. Depending on the scale, you might also be up for award money from the state and/or IRS. Thank you so much for your assistance. I’ve spoken with my brother in law who is an attorney and said similar things. He is going to try and reach out to him to see if we can resolve this, I really don’t want to have to press charges and get the police involved I just want a correct 1099 and for him to stop lying about me stealing. He’s been through 9 bartenders last year so I’m assuming he probably over reported on all their 1099s too.  Additionally, the "IRS" wouldn't meet with a private business for this type of situation nor would they EVER suggest a business "over report". They have specific categories for loss by theft that requires specific information (police reports and insurance payments- covering the theft etc). Your ex boss is a crook and a very shitty liar. Talk to a lawyer and the police. You've done nothing incorrect (based on your post) and can cause your old lying crook boss some real pain if he continues down this road. Good luck.  Yeah...what he said!! 1. Call your local PD and report an extortion attempt. It sounds as though your previous employer is attempting to evade taxes by reporting false 1099 payments to contractors so he's got less income. 2nd call would be too your states taxing authority and report what he's said to you. 3rd cal would be to the IRS requesting assistance with attempted tax fraud. 4th call (maybe 1st a trusted tax attorney or CPA) to help you navigate this. You're being used and attempted to be extorted. Your past boss is a crook. Good luck. 