 Best example I can give is, a guy pitches the idea of a chicken sandwich to McDonalds back before they had chicken sandwiches on the menu. McDonalds says no thanks, then goes and creates the chicken sandwich anyway. My question is, do I have any legal recourse? If the something isn't something that you invented or exclusively offer, then it doesn't sound like you really have any case. They could easily claim (and it may even be true) that it wasn't your suggestion but rather their own market analysis at a later time that lead them to start offering this product. Ah. Sorry it didn't work out. it is a lot easier to answer questions if you would just say what happened in a clear manner how did you pitch it? do you have a prototype or just an idea? did you have a contract of any type before the pitch? Did you have any sort of contract (like a non-disclosure or non-compete) in place before you pitched the idea? Was the idea patented? If the answer is no to both than I'm not surprised they simply took your idea. Ideas by themselves aren't worth anything. It was no invention sadly. it was a business proposal to an existing business to offer an experience to its customers. Something that they never had any experience in. No it was less an invention and more of an idea for a certain company to make something available to its customers. Without a lot more detail, it's impossible to say one way or another what's going on, what's legal or illegal, or what recourse you would have, if any at all. If you just approached some random company and said, "Hey, wouldn't it be cool if you guys implemented my idea? My idea is \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_," then they've likely done nothing wrong and you would have no recourse. I'm a successful inventor, and I'm dying to know what your idea was. Can you tell me?  Aside from "it's hard or impossible to protect ideas" the chicken sandwich existed before McDonalds put one on their menu, they didn't create it. Did you invent something unique, that no other place has ever sold? (Not that you have a case, but out of curiosity.) Even with an NDA if your idea was for a pumpkin spice latte that isn't anything unique enough to be protected. Well they havent fully implemented my idea yet, I'm only hearing that they are launching it soon. I pitched it to them about 3 years ago and they said no. sadly, no NDA signed. I guess I'm fucked. GRRRRR. Its not a food product, just using that as an idea. its an existing company focused on product X, I pitched product Y to them and they said thanks but no thanks. Then a year later they are launching product Y. If you had them sign a non-disclosure agreement (NDA), you might. If you didn't, you don't. Even with an NDA, if it is shown in court that they had your idea already in the works before you showed up, then they've done nothing wrong and you would lose the suit. Depends. Generally, it's incredibly hard to protect mere ideas. Usually only actual implementations or manifestations of those ideas are protect-able in some fashion or another. The specifics of your idea and what actually happened are incredibly relevant to whether or not you've got any kind of recourse. Did you have the company under any kind of NDA or agreement before spilling the idea to them? It's going to depend on a lot more factors. Absolutely no recourse for pitching a food product