 I belong to a national fraternity. Our Michigan chapter unconventional, sort of mavericky, and nationals historically dislikes us for that. They seem to get furious constantly about the stuff we post because it is more, "out there" like posts about obscure movies or "weird" stuff like that. This year, I made a video about the organization. It's parody, and it parodies both the chapter and greek life as a whole. Nationals is telling me I need to take it down because it doesn't reflect their values, and that because they own the copyright on the letters and name of the group, they are within their rights to make me do that. Doesn't that fall under parody law and fair use? Additionally, this is on my personal YouTube channel, not one associated with the group as a whole, yet they're attempting to take action against said group as if it is. Not only do I think the video rules and should stay up, but as a matter of principal, and a person that believes in free speach, especially with comedy, I want to know if I'm within my rights to leave the video up, or if they can claim that because I used their logos, that I'm infringing on their brand. Thank you guys for any help you may be able to provide. Thanks for the advice! Thank yoy for the advice! They can tell your chapter to punish you or kick you out, using their trademarks and IP as leverage. You have no real protection against that, they get to decide who's a part of their organization A lawsuit on copyright/IP grounds is less likely to succeed, but in some cases can become a question of whether or not you can afford to keep fighting more than anything NAL, but as far as o understand it, fraternities are free associations, like a club other ‘franchises’ organizations (like Scouts or churches). As such, if your fraternity’s charter gives the (most likely) national level corporation the right of dismissing members, then they certainly can dismiss you. There’s a difference between something legal, such as a takedown notice and internal club issues. 