 To preface this, I know I messed up in giving a late notice to my landlord at the end of my lease. I was planning to move out when it expired and I never found the time to let them know until just about a week or so before the lease was scheduled to end. At that point they told me they would hold me to the next 30 days and not seeing any opportunity to say no to this, I had to accept. They charged me a lower rent than I was previously paying as a pro-rated 27 day month. On top of this the management added a month-to-month fee pro-rated. The month-to-month fee they added was $800, pro-rated down from $920. My question is can I fight this considering the notice of my rental increase that came prior to the expiration of my lease was only delivered 33 days ahead of the expiration. The lease expired 12/31/18 and the notice was e-mailed to me 11/28/18. From what I have found, it looks like the recently passed HB 4313 from the 2016 session requires rental increases to be at least 90 days ahead of a scheduled increase. This 33 day notice is only 34 days ahead of the new rate's first day. As of this moment my previous landlord has calculated the final costs, subtracted the rental payment I made for the portion of January they made me stay, and applied my deposits. The major issue I have is the $800 month-to-month fee they added that I feel did not fall within the 90 day notice limitation of that law. [Relevant link to the law]() -to-month tenancy, the landlord may not increase the rent: (a) During the first year after the tenancy begins. (b) At any time after the first year of the tenancy without giving the tenant written notice at least 90 days prior to the effective date of the rent increase. (3) The notices required under this section must specify: (a) The amount of the rent increase; (b) The amount of the new rent; and (c) The date on which the increase becomes effective Any advice on how to proceed? Do I just have to eat this as a mistake for my lack of 30 days move out notice?  I'm not sure what you want us to say, you've got the law and the situation you described violates the law. Refuse to pay. If the landlord takes you to court then gather your evidence and use the laws you linked as a defense. 