 I have had a dog now in my apt now going on 2 years. My building doesnt allow dogs but to my understanding this shouldnt apply to emotional support animals. I have showed my landlord a letter as proof (ESA letter)which he dismissed because he said anyone can get one (this was a year ago). Today he texted me saying i can no longer have a dog because insurance liability and also stated that other tenents see a dog and want a dog.. so I hav untill the end of the month to get rid of the dog or find a location that accommodates dogs. My dog is quiet (small beagal) and trained nobody complains about her and have had no issue with the dog in the buidling except the landlord. He asked me to respond to his twxt so he knows i received it. I have yet to respond. I live NewYork. Is there a point or question somewhere in there? imy friends did get a letter from therapist she was seeing. He didnt help much she said if her issues but he did recommend a pet (ESA) without her requesting a letter which he did provide for her after she purchased the dog. She stopped seeing him (since the talking was not efdective) and her building complex does not allow pets but acknowledged the letter regardless without having to show proof she is being treated.  There are no training requirements for an ESA thank you again for yout input. I been avoiding talking to professionals about my issues... and just plowing through it... the pet does help... but I still fall into random pits of depression where everything... work.. people.. life it all seems pointless considering nothing is actually wrong with my life at this point. Point im getting at is yeah prob should just talk to someone even if it isnt 4 the pet think I'm over due. thanks again for your time and response. An online company for ESA letters is nothing more than a scam. You should see an IRL therapist and have that person write the letter.  The law does not require training. It does require that the handler have a disability, not just a condition.   That is not going to work. The letter needs to be from someone who is actively treating you, and you need to be disabled.  greatly appreciate your time and response I did it through one of those online companies that hooks you up with a Dr to see if its right for you.. a doc did call for follow up questions and i was given a letter typed and signed by a NY state clinical psychologist with her license and contact #.  Get a letter from a doctor you actually see, not one from online. Then show him that letter. If he tries to evict you, you can fight it, if you want to try. You might want to see a lawyer for advice.  ESAs do not require any training. I think OP means trained as in basic dog training so it is not disruptive.  Yes, I may have jumped the gun with the assumption that the ESA letter he has is from a website he paid 9.99 to have printed. Upon rereading the dog is a beagle and allegedly trained. The law states that the animal must both be trained, and the owner has a condition that the pet alleviates. ESA letter also doesnt mean you paid $9.99 to a number of websites to print a certificate for the dog, who is untrained. Yes, ESAs are covered by the FHA, however the dog must be trained and the owner must actually have a disability or condition that the dog alleviates. I jumped on the gun too quick and didnt read that the dog was both trained and a beagle; usually it's a pit bull owner claiming the dog is an ESA because landlord will favor applications that dont have a pit bull on them. He doesn't have to renew your lease. Assuming this unit falls under the FHA the landlord cannot end his tenancy because he has an ESA. Under the FHA regulations ESAs have essentially the same protections as service dogs.  "No answer" was the loud reply. They are still protected under the FHA. They just don't qualify for the protections the ADA gives to service animals. This link provides HUD's stance on service animals and ESA's (they use the term "assistance animal" for both service and emotional support animals). I strongly suggest you read it. [\_NTCFHEO2013-01.PDF]() yes I do year to year lease it should be expiring in the summer around august.... but could he not renew my lease based on this situatiom? Emotional support animals are not the same as service dogs. If you are in violation of your lease, your landlord can file for an eviction. If you are MTM, you just received your 30 day notice (depending on state laws). NAL but ESA animals are protected under the Fair Housing Act and your landlord does not have the right to evict either of you. Your landlord’s opinion on the validity ESA documentation in general has no bearing on the actual law, and he is required to provide a “reasonable accommodation”. I would do a little digging into the fair housing act and then talk to him in person. If that doesn’t work, you can file a complaint [here. ]()   Did you get the letter from an actual in real life professional who is actually treating you? And does the letter say that you are disabled and need the animal? Emotional support dogs are not the same as therapy dogs. There isn’t any legal reason your landlord should have to accept your dog. He is right, anyone can get a note from their therapist for an ESD.  Tell your landlord that you're moving out, but the puppy is staying there.. because, it's either you or the dog lol. Go over your lease and see what it says. May want to consider an attorney to see if you have any grounds.