 I ordered something from an online mom-and-pop shop, but they goofed up and sent me a completely different item. I contacted them right away (with pictures) and someone responded saying that they believed my item was mislabeled and I was sent the wrong item. They apologized and told me they would get back to me. A few days later, someone else from the company contacts me tells me that they have video footage showing that they packaged the right item and their inventory check shows that they sent me the right product. Therefore, there is nothing they can do to help me. They sent me a screenshot that I signed for the package and basically told me to F off. Unbelievable. The difference in value of the item I paid for and the one I got is over $4k and they refuse to do anything. I'm so upset right now I'm shaking as I write this. I'm out over $5k and I don't even have the product I ordered. What recourse do I have? I paid with a credit card. However, I've never done a chargeback before and I'm terrified that I might not be able to get any of my money back. The company keeps sending me messages with screenshots that I signed for the package. Does that mean I'm screwed? Also, I don't know if this makes a difference but I just noticed something weird in the tracking. My package was dropped off (during non-business hours) at a location about 25 miles away from the company's mailing address and where their mailing address/shop is located. My guess is that an employee took the package home after work and dropped it off. Also, I don't know if this helps my case, but in one of the messages to me, I was told that the company did not insure this package or use registered mail. Is it just me or is it weird that they didn't get insurance for an order of over $5k? They just keep saying I signed for my package so they can't help me anymore. I feel like someone just punched me in the stomach multiple times in a row. Police report probably won't do much. I presume your battle will be with your banking company. Dispute the charges with your bank. If your bank refuses to refund the money, change banks then take the store to small claims for the value of the item.  Oops, sorry one more question... does the fact that they were negligent with shipping (by not using insurance) on a really expensive order give me a better chance of contesting their claims too? Thank you for the helpful information. I appreciate it. Would the seller's video footage be very hurtful to me for a chargeback? I have pictures of the wrong item I received, but they are saying they have video recordings of packaging the correct item. How do I know they're even telling the truth? And what about chain of custody? It's just extremely frustrating because I feel like theyre not even listening to what I'm saying. They just keep repeating "we have video footage of packaging the item. And you signed for it. Bye." A bill of lading is generally for freight delivery and implies you have accepted the items free and clear. It makes it virtually impossible to contest. A signature delivery is for a package that just shows up. It’s far less binding and simply means you received the package. As this is the latter you have a better chance of contesting the seller’s claims.  That's my plan. Should I convey this information to them? They are in a different state and it would be very time consuming and troublesome (I work full time, not to mention legal fees). However, if I don't get my money back, I'm willing to go to all lengths to get it back even just out of principle. Should I file a police report on them too? I don't know what either of those are. Could you clarify? The only thing I signed for is when the post office person came by and asked me to sign for the package. I didn't open it in her presence or anything. I took the package inside, finished my coffee then opened it a few minutes later. Dispute the credit charges. You can go to court if you really didn't get the thing you ordered.  Did you sign a bill of lading or a delivery signature requirement?