 My sister lives in Smith County, Texas. She is 31, with a 2.5 year old. She would like to have her significant other (29) move in. The landlord denied her request on the premises that Texas does not allow more than 2 tenants in a 1 bedroom. Texas does allow for exception to the law based on age of tenants and size of the home. She has a 770 sqft apartment. I am wondering if she has any right to appeal the landlords decision. Would my sister's circumstances make her an exception to the rule? Thank you, SecretBunch. Thankfully it is not a larger discrimination issue. From what you've said and what I've read, I believe your right and my sister does not have the right circumstances to contest. I think she will just have to relocate. Thank you so much for the advice! In Texas, the only statutory limits on occupants are that landlords may not allow more than three adults per bedroom. [Property Code Section 92.010](). Landlords may set a limit lower than this amount, but only if it is non-discriminatory. The traditional non-discrimination example of a newborn being allowed into a doubly-occupied one-bedroom apartment does not apply because your sister's child isn't newly born (it's the SO who is trying to move in). However, the tenant is not required to allow additional occupants who were not part of the original lease. There is no requirement in Texas that a landlord allow even a newly married husband or wife to move in. That said, there might be a discrimination issue if the landlord normally allows new occupants/extended visitors but isn't doing so here because of a same-sex relationship or a racial question (not enough information from your original question to make a determination). If this could qualify as a discrimination issue, it would be best for your sister to speak to a landlord/tenant lawyer in the area and discuss the situation. At first glance, without more information pointing towards a discrimination issue, it seems as if the landlord is simply blaming the law for their own decision to either (1) not allow more than two persons per room, or (2) not allow an additional occupant. Neither of these are necessarily prohibited.