 I started seeing a therapist a couple of months ago - nothing wild, just general depression, winter weather getting to me, etc. It's been very helpful until recently. In the last few days, two of my old coworkers called me to say my old boss was saying things like "LAthrowaway3131 basically hates herself now. I heard she's not doing well, really depressed." These were phone calls, and I didn't record anything because it was so unexpected. My old boss fired me in June of 2017 (we didn't get along, general underperformance, no misconduct; just obviously didn't leave on great terms). At first I thought it might be a friend of mine divulging things to another friend in the industry, but then after looking up said old boss, I see that her husband is my therapist (very common last name, so I'd never realized they were related). I realize this is obviously problematic with the therapist, but I'm not sure what to do about it? He practices out of a leased single office space, so there's no overarching practice management/administration to report to. I also don't know if what my old boss is saying is getting into legal issues, or if it's just, well, rude. I still live in the same city and work the same type of job, in a rather small/close-knit industry. So on one hand, I'm worried about word traveling around our small community, but on the other, I'm worried about bad blood if I make too much of a fuss. Help?   's spouse) is under no responsibility to protect the PHI after it is received, Civil tort -- [public disclosure of private facts]() You dont think he would be pissed at his wife for putting his career in jeopardy? I dont care how much I love someone; if you make me lose my license to practice, i would be fuming. "I have this one patient who thinks he's a lamp" - fine. "Oh it's Thursday, lamp guy is in today" - closer to not fine. You know Dave in accounts? He thinks he's a lamp" - very not fine.  nah, fuck the therapist. When you breach confidentiality you compromise on not only your own integrity but the implied integrity of your whole field. This therapist made it harder for every other therapist to do their job because not only now do they need to fight whatever issue they're trying to resolve, they need to overcome a bit more fear about those issues getting out. Agree 100% on the wife. That's basically b e.  I'm still debating with myself but is it unethical to discuss clients with a spouse without identifying the person? Like just a general outline of the case.  Eh. What the therapist did was wrong, per your last update, but IMO not so morally wrong to lose their license over. Maybe a stern lecture from the licensing board. The wife should be in jail though. Going through he husband’s files has to be illegal.  Hello, I have a similar question if you have time. About 5 years ago, I went to my university doctor about 3 times in the span of about 2 weeks to get my cauliflower ear from wrestling drained. He insisted I stop training and commented why his sister in law and I would do such things to our bodies. About 2 years later, after I've graduated, my training partner who's still in school tells me that he recently went to get his ear treated. While he was there, his doctor was telling him about this dumb patient that wouldn't stop wrestling. My friend knew immediately that he was talking about me through the details although he never mentioned my name. My primary care physician thought that this was very unprofessional. Is this something that should concern me? Holy shit! Holy SHIT!!! I'd be so pissed. If there's anyone in the world you should be able to trust enough to open up to, it's a damn therapist. I spent several years working with patient records submitted by ambulance paramedics and even in that capacity, I had to sign non disclosure agreement. My boss was a crooked lunatic and some of the paramedics filling out reports were far less than professional and had to be reported for their conduct but one thing I never saw was any violation of that confidentiality agreement. That's the whole foundation of the job. That's beyond disgusting. I'm glad he's not practicing anymore and I hope they both get what they deserve, hard. I even handled an ambulance call report once and immediate recognized the patient was an old friend of mine that I'd been trying to track down for years. As soon as I saw it, I knew I could never contact her again because I'd have explain how I found her and she'd know I'd seen her medical records. That would just make us both uncomfortable and get me, my boss and the hospital administrator all in deep shit. I didn't see this post until you made the update and the comments there are locked so I'm here. I'm glad you have a new therapist and I hope things are looking up for you.  You might be surprised by the mental gymnastics people do to put blame on someone else I agree so much with this. If there is any confluxy of interest he should have referred without question.  This is definitely a violation of the rules of his job, I feel so bad for you. Can’t imagine how bad you feel, betrayal from the only person that should be the most helpful one. Report that person. No, this has nothing to do with employment. This is a medical crime. Your therapist is the criminal, your old boss is not. Re #3. (I’m in Canada). I was told this by my therapist, after I approved her to have a session w/ my parents - in which, without asking, she stated the above comment. Just repeating what I believe I know to be true.... do you have other insight into this? Interested! Re #4. I don’t quite understand what you’re trying to say in the first part of that sentence. In the latter part, I do believe we’re saying the same thing - although I don’t think I initially worded it correctly. I should have said it’s an abuse of the therapists position, clearly, and also an abuse by her boss for repeating this information. They both abused their positions of power. The therapist ABSOLUTELY should not have said a word to anyone - first foremost - yes that is the issue. The ex-boss however, also should not have continued to “gossip” about this knowledge. I used the word ‘power’ with the therapist, not because this person had power over the client, but because as a client you’re trusting this person; you’re telling them very personal information; you’re giving this person “power” by divulging sensitive information - trusting they won’t say anything. I use that word as someone who has done extensive amounts of counselling. If my therapist ever broke that trust - I would absolutely word it as an abuse of power. I'm not sure he would reprimand her at all? I mean \he\ shared this confidential info in the first place so it doesn't seem like he really cares. Thank you. He is an LPCC. This is definitely a HIPPA violation! Therapist should lose his license and his practice. This is so wrong! Take this MFkr down! Get a new therapist and REPORT this guy! SO MUCH NOPE HERE!!! AHHHH right right. I apologize. Somehow I completely misread what you were saying.  Not much you can do about the boss, unless HR will do something, but I take HIPAA training due to my job. Very big violation. The therapist cannot even discuss who patients are, let alone what their issues are. The person who received the PHI in error/maliciously (the therapist's spouse) is under no responsibility to protect the PHI after it is received, especially if they are not a healthcare provider or employed by one. It's just gossip at that point, unfortunately. Only the person/entity who is supposed to protect the PHI but shared it incorrectly is liable. what state perchance?  I think nighthawk meant that while the therapist has screwed up, the ex-boss has not done anything illegal by receiving the PHI. And not being a physician or therapist, I don't see how the ex-boss can be held to HIPAA. But sharing patient specific information, verbally or in writing, is most definitely illegal. Any kind of identifying information including their name and their diagnoses. HIPAA was designed specifically to guard against these kinds of shenanigans. So most definitely, if identifying information was shared, its a HIPAA violation and at the very least a violation of the "Minimum Necessary" rule. Source: I just went through my re-certifications at work for HIPAA as I'm in the insurance industry.  Just to clarify a little here, while this will depend on the specific clinical license the therapist has in MN: 1) Agree. 2) Agree-ish. This is a general rule-of-thumb but not specifically defined. 3) Agree. 4) This one is much more difficult. I have a hard time calling the ex-employee of a partner of the therapist a "dual/multiple relationship" with the therapist because the problem is not about the power the therapist had over/with the client but because the therapist disclosed confidential information. Be prepared for the wife to fly off the handle and get really pissed you reported her spouse. He may try to keep her quiet, but there's no guarantee that she will actually do it. If she starts harassing you document every instance so that you have a paper trail for the police report. I've seen people who have gotten their spouses in trouble for violating HIPAA go after the one they think is at fault, the person who reported the spouse for "just talking about their day at work." One went so far as to blame the violation reporter for he and his wife's (the HIPAA violator) divorce, because it was the HIPAA complaint and not the fact that the now ex-wife had caught him in bed with another woman. I feel like the the ass chewing the old therapist will give to his wife will be pretty sweet punishment in and of itself. Everything else is a bonus. NAL, but a former medical biller and coder. 's no overarching practice management/administration to report to. I have a question I haven't seen asked: do you know if your ex-boss helps out at her husband's solo practice in any capacity? I used to work for an OB/GYN where this was the case, so it's not unheard of in smaller practices. I see three possibilities here: 1. Your ex-boss helps her husband out at his practice and has access to patient records which makes her bound by HIPAA regulations. She accesses your records and divulges your information. They both get in trouble for HIPAA violations (it's his practice, so he's responsible, too), but it's not necessarily an ethics violation on his part. 2. Your ex-boss doesn't help out at his practice, but accessed your records anyway. He's in violation of HIPAA for not ensuring physical security of patient records and possibly letting her know that you are a patient at his practice. She's in trouble for illegally accessing your records. It may be an ethics violation on his part depending on how she found out he was your therapist. 3. Your therapist told your ex-boss everything. He's in trouble with HIPAA laws and the ethics board. There's clearly been a HIPAA violation, so report that first. Then file a complaint with the appropriate state licensing board. They can investigate potential ethics violations, and any state-level laws that have been violated as well. Here’s the link to file an ethical complaint assuming you are in Minnesota: This is separate from a HIPAA complaint, which someone else linked below. You can file either or both.  Same. I just finished ethics in my clinical psych program, and I often wondered aloud what kind of idiot could violate what seems like pretty standard and obvious rules of conduct. This. This idiot.  Probably not employment, but tort or mayyyybe personal injury (just because they would deal with similar things fairly often). I'm thinking this might warrant a suit of invasion of privacy, so try to use that language when you bring it up. Counter-intuitively, invasion of privacy includes divulging personal information about you. Cease and desist is the way to go here, it would probably be more hassle than it's worth to actually sue her, but I think you could have that claim. Once you start the ball rolling, your therapist is going to deny ever mentioning anything to his spouse, but the one thing he cant deny is that he knew you were an ex-emplyee and didnt leave on positive terms. Once he knew that there was a conflict, he needed to refer you to someone else. Even if he gets away with denying everything else, he'll never be able to explain away that flagrant violation. Receiving the PHI is not illegal, only sending it. []() PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE file a complaint with HIPAA. doing so to the local credentialing boards is ok, but this is a flagrant violation of HIPAA, and your therapist needs to be held accountable. Aren’t therapists governed by HIPAA laws? Even telling your spouse something about a patient would be a HIPAA violation if they are.  Looks like you have the advice you need. The therapist blew it, big time. Odds are, you aren’t the only person he’s done this to; just the only one who caught him doing it. Should not be practicing. Please file a complaint with the licensing board, and with [HHS]() .  I want to chime in to say that OP's therapist could be a social worker, which would be a LICSW in MN. OP look into what your therapist's credentials are to ensure you are reporting it to the correct licensing board. You can usually verify if someone is licensed by the board on the board's website.  This sounds to be a hippa violation. Hes not in your continuum of care and there for shouldn't be privy to details. Your former coworkers sure as hell arent and therefore are not privy. File a report with Hippa. It's a $10,000 fine for every occurance. If you're in a one party consent state call your friends back and polightly ask for details. You wont want them to be suspicious or know you're recording. Unless they are really good friends.  Just presume he is subject to HIPAA and file the complaint. Put the burden on him to proof he is not subject to HIPAA (I'm pretty confident he is; my solo practitioner friend is). Consider it a jerk tax. As a therapist, I'm horrified by this. Absolutely complain to the board about this guy. This is beyond unforgivable. You can find a complaint form here: []().  This is beyond redicoulius the cease and desist letter worded clearly from your lawyer is needed asap. I would also look into what board certified your therapist are they a councellor or psychologist and file a formal complaint they could lose their lisence or get a formal reprimand and that's needed this can ruin lives and this person needs to stop. Dor their other cliants as well as you. A LPCC is a Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor. [Here is a link]() to the MN administrative rules by the Board of Behavioral Health and Therapy, through which he would be licensed. He is bound to maintain confidentiality and you should absolutely file a complaint to them. 