 Oregon USA--- School district offered a salary of $64k and I agreed. Midway through school year, they say my past experience doesn't count and want to dock my pay to $54k (repaying the past five months "overpay"). The complication is that I left another job that was paying me $62k which means I wouldn't have accepted the new job at that rate. Going to meeting in Monday where I'm guessing they want me to sign something. What are my options? Well that changes things. Your employment terms will be dictated by the union's agreement with the district, and they are going to know much more than this board. Generally a contract is a contract unless there were misrepresentations that led to the higher pay. Don't sign anything, and if your union doesn't back you 100%, toddle over to an employment lawyer with your contract. Contract for the year... Yes, I have a union Don't let them bamboozle you. You have no obligation to allow them to take back any money you have already been paid. While payroll can legally reduce your check or direct deposit for accounting errors, this is not an accounting error. This is a "we fucked up when we negotiated your salary that we agreed to" error. Don't sign anything. If they offer papers to sign, say you have to have a lawyer review them. If they won't let you take them with you, walk out.  I remember a local teacher's union going on strike over something like this in Oregon, so go talk to them, because they don't take any shenanigans like this. Im thinking you should talk to an attorney about this  Go to your union (Oregon Educator's Association). They will certainly represent you in this case. I say this because I assume when you say "school district" you are referring to Public Schools. Regardless, approach the OEA and explain the situation to them.  I mean, they cant retroactively pay you less. They can change your salary going forward though and you’re free to reject the new offer and find different work. You accepted a job at 64k (and have documentation?). And you were completely honest during the process about your experience and credentials. They can't take away money you already earned. They can tell you that moving forward you will only be paid 54k. Are you at will, or do you have a contract for the school year? Are you in a union? 