 Posting for a friend. Her aunt died 8 months ago. She left her son with an unexpected large trust fund. Her son is handicapped from a DUI wreck 15 years ago. Since then (and before) he has solely relied on his parents support in every way. Since her aunt has died, my friend's mother is in charge of the trust, all financial burdens, and making sure he is taken care of. She does not receive any money for this nor does she dip into the money. He has caretakers that have been around for around seven years. Since his mom's death, the primary caretaker has moved himself and 5 other people into the house (which is expensive and huge) including his 15 year old daughter and her boyfriend. They no longer have to pay rent, utilities, or anything since that's all paid through his trust. He gets $900 a month for his "extra curriculars" and they are spending an average of $2500 a month now that they have added their own curriculars. They let him abuse things that are not in the best interest for his health. They are clearly using him for the money. He is able to sign documents so my friend's mother is not able to get rid of them or do anything to help. Is there any route my friend's mother can take to get these people out of his life, when he sees them as "his brothers".  After his wreck, he was in a coma for 3 months. There was brain damage from the incident and he now is a paraplegic. My friend has been told that as long as he signs his name he can do what he wants. He does not have the mental capacity to be aware that his caretakers are almost killing him (giving an addict as much as he wants whenever he wants) and stealing from him at the same time.  And APS can help determine if that is the case.  I guess I’d argue that that the OP just says “handicapped”. The person could be physically handicapped and choosing to spend their trust fund however they want.  Contact Adult Protective Services Is he mentally competent? If so I think that means he gets to do whatever he wants with his money. But I’m NAL.