  I have a court date with the Department of Labor against a former employer very soon. I have not been in contact with my former employer since leaving the company. The former employer has sent me 2 harassing text messages aimed at intimidating me to not going through with the case in the last week (nothing threatening with the exception of “Looking forward to seeing you”). The former employer is stating that their evidence against my claim will embarrass me unless I drop my claim against them and then sent a series of emojis depicting the topic of their evidence a week later. My former employer stated via text they intend on embarrassing me in court unless I except a small monetary settlement from them to drop my case against them. This all started after my former employer sent a fake adjournment notice to me and I called the department of labor to verify. Is this illegal for them to do all of this prior to our court date?  Thank you! Great pointers and something I really didn’t even think about.  Agree with advice of other responses. I wouldn't respond to any of the texts or future texts. Re: trying to embarrass you.....whether you are embarrassed or not, project a confident, "no shame in my game" attitude and poker face when the topic comes up. This should take the wind out of their sails once they see it is having no intimidation. If you think you will not be able to do this, practice before the meeting.....look in the mirror and say the uncomfortable words aloud and talk about the topic. Repeat as necessary until you can shake off the embarrassment. I know it is corny, but it works. Good luck!  Thank you! I don’t have a lawyer for this case. I will notify the rep at the DoL that is handling the case details.  Some of this is retaliation. Retaliation is generally illegal or against rules even if the perpetrator is found not guilty of the original accused offense. If you have a lawyer, tell them ASAP. If you don’t have a lawyer, you may wish to report this to whomever you’re working with at the DOL even before the court date so they know and can address it appropriately there.  I have. I took screenshots of all the texts and saved the paperwork from the fake adjournment.  Keep documentation.