 [US] Hello Everyone, I recently made a post about this same topic, but since then a lot more information has become clear, and a lot more has become somewhat confusing. I recently found a font online that claims it is 100% Free for Commercial Use. I downloaded it, and found that the text file associated with the download claims "you can use this font in anyway you see fit", but also "you may not sell it". This is where my problem lies though, as as stated previously, the font turns letters into "stick-figure-esque" chracters, and I particularly like the character associated with "H", and personally believe that it would make a cool clothing design/logo. I have contacted the person who created the font, and am hoping for a response soon, but it doesn't appear he is very active online. Basically, I know I am not allowed to sell the font itself, but am I allowed to use the character from the font as a design on clothing that will be sold?  TL;DR of American font law: - The design of a font - certainly, of a font consisting of letter forms for an existing language - is not considered creative and thus not automatically protected in any way. - The design can be patented, and penalties for using a patented design without authorization are the harshest IP penalties in the legal system, up to and including every cent of gross sales of every product it touches. You'll remember our good friend the design patent from the war Apple and Samsung have fought for the past decade over whether Samsung's appropriation of rounded corners at a particular angle entitles Apple to the full $1,500,000,000 Samsung had made selling phones with them or the mere $350,000,000 that the phone chassis were internally charged at. However, design patents cost nearly a thousand dollars per, so this is rare for hobbyists. - The .ttf itself, the work of describing the design, is covered by copyright. Most font licensing outside of games and some web applications works by this interaction of copyright and contract law - you enter into an agreement to use the font only for x purposes, and by going around it you are in breach of contract and thus were infringing copyright by using the .ttf off-license. Your current situation, assuming the creator is the actual creator and not a pirate reuploader and the attached license file is as you describe, would allow you to use the .ttf in any manner you'd like as long as you don't charge someone else money for the file itself. As such, you'd be in the clear to use it on clothing, though I'd recommend against unmodified use as a logo as uniqueness can be a significant factor when enforcing trademarks.