 My wife recently got a job at a locally owned vape shop. When she was hired on they made her sign a paper stating that if she were to quit or be fired that she not allowed to work at another vape shop for a full year from separation. Now I've heard of things like non disclosure agreements and the like, but I've never heard of a job being able to legally dictate where you can or cannot work after you separate from them? What do you guys think? I'm thinking no, even though she signed it. I could sign a paper saying I killed Jimmy Hoffa but that doesn't mean legal consequences could be brought up on me. Non-competes can definitely apply to employees; not just people that start their own business. That said, I think it would be hard to argue that a vape shop employee moving to another vape shop would cause the initial vape shop economic harm.  Does the non compete specify a location? Usually non competes can only be enforced if they are reasonably limited in time and space where, usually, time is about 1-2 years most and space some tens of miles  This isn't B2B sales of a highly technical product. It's shitty retail to stoners and smokers. People aren't going to drive 20 minutes out of their way for vape stuff from a retail store (how far OP said the other shop is) even if OP's wife is showing the customers her nipples. OP should ask a local lawyer but come on... Duration and scope is onerous here. Talk to an attorney about whether it's enforceable. I find it hard to believe the duration and scope (1 year, unlimited distance) would be enforceable for a shitty retail job. But talk to a local attorney. They're the only ones who will know.  ? -competes because they develop trusted business relationships with customers. A retail salesperson at a vape shop? I find it hard to believe a court would enforce what sounds like a 1 year, unlimited radius, non-compete for a shitty retail job. Did someone address this question to you? While Wyoming has no specific laws governing these kinds of agreements, the courts in Wyoming have ruled on these agreements multiple times. While enforceable, that have to "make sense" - are they trying to protect trade secrets, or restrict access to current customers? If they are onerous, they generally aren't enforceable. Your wife would need to fully disclose the agreement to her potential new employer beforehand, but based on your description it isn't enforceable. IANAL so you should check with one. Because non compete usually applies if you were to open your own business in the same area of the now ex employer who made you sign the no compete . Not work for someone else ..... also , this is just what I think from brushes with the subject ..I’ve done no research at all . Yes, you are right. I should have gone more in depth initially.  Thanks for the info! Is it possible that this employee has sales duties, e.g., helping customers select products that will meet their needs? Maybe you could ask instead of assuming. Or at least state your assumption so your response doesn't sound absolute. Usually a radius is included in the noncompete. Since OP didn't include it, I assumed there was not one. Only going off the information I am given.  Where did OP say the scope of the restriction is global? Holy crap these are bad answers. While to be 100% sure you’d have to know the state, this kind of thing is almost guaranteed enforceable. Non competes are typically maybe enforceable in situations of a temp agency, sales type ppl, high level executives, after you sell a business... some random low level employee? Not even close. You're right. It wasn't unconscionability but unreasonability, and it was a settlement with the Illinois AG after an employee complained about it. Serves me right to run cases off memory instead of checking. Incidentally, the case was People v. Jimmy John's Franchise LLC, Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, No. 2016-CH-07746. It's not reasonable to say she can't work anywhere at all in the same field for a year.  Why do you think so?  -level noncompetes recently. You're talking about the legitimacy of the business interest at issue. There's a big difference between a sandwich maker/driver and a salesperson - which OP's GF might very well be (because of the potential for helping a customer choose a product). I very much doubt that unconscionability was the basis of that decision. Do you have a cite? True, but judges have started to question low-level noncompetes recently. A few years ago, Jimmy John's stopped using their noncompete nationally after it was knocked down in one state. The judge basically said that the level of training and skill required to make sandwiches made the noncompete unconscionable. Other judges have raised similar questions, but the case law is often all over the place even within the same state. Legal to have, but not always enforceable. I dont know the specifics, but a no compete must be reasonable to be enforceable, which this one is not.   What I want to point out is that no one made her sign this. It is legal for a company to have a non-compete, though they're often thrown out and simply not enforced. But your wife decided to sign it. If it had been a dealbreaker, she could have walked away and gone with a shop that didn't treat her like this.  I agree. It's pretty common for someone who is a specialized professional or someone with a specific skill set to have a non-compete when employed. But if someone with no specific skill set is just working as a clerk in a shop, a non-compete agreement is pretty unusual. What does she earn? If she is on or close to minimum wage, she may be exempt, depending on state.  Damn. That's lame for a vape shop...  Salespeople are generally subject to non-competes because they develop trusted business relationships with customers. Wyoming doesn't have any specific statutes governing non-competes, so courts will conduct an analysis similar to what u/gratty mentioned in their comment - they'll look to whether (1) the employment contract is fair, (2) the non-compete is reasonable in duration and radius, and (3) the non-compete protects a specific business interest of the employer. You can find some Wyoming-specific information [here](=636f84dc-3efa-44e1-a5ce-566745159e71) (search the page for "non-compete"). To get a better sense of whether this particular non-compete would be enforceable, you'll need to talk to an offline lawyer in Wyoming. What could it possibly protect with a vape shop you think? She doesn't know their wholesale sources, they don't make anything themselves. The shop is in a different town 20 mins away but in the same county. She got an offer to work at the one in the town we live in but we were thinking about that paper As far as I know it’s completely legal and enforcable, it’s basically a non compete agreement. I’ve had them where the job requires considerable, expensive, training and the company would have been out the costs if I took that training and then left for a company and a higher salary because I was already trained. Or when I was dealing with clients in a sales capacity, if I were to leave and start my own company there would be nothing stopping me from poaching those customers.  I'm in Wyoming. I'll edit that in my post real quick. Know anywhere I could find out if it's enforceable where I live? IANAL but It's called a non compete. It is legal for the company to have This will depend largely on what state you're in, and whether there are any additional contours to the non-compete. Here in California, non-competes are heavily frowned upon and often unenforceable. Other states have different rules. It's called a non-compete agreement. They're generally enforceable if the duration and radius are reasonable.