 25(m) in Portland OR. Need some advice on how to deal with my impending eviction notice. Three days after signing our 12 month lease, the property my roommate and I are renting was sold to new owners. They have doing renovations to all the three other units and we are the last tenants in the 4-unit complex. The lease states that there is no smoking anywhere on the property. We have been reprimanded for that twice, never inside the unit. The first was an unofficial warning, the second came with a cause to terminate if not cured within 14 days and placed us on a probation (which we haven’t received paper work regarding details of said probation). Both were for marijuana. To clarify, my roommate and I hardly smoke. After the first warning, I just go to a friends house to do my deed. My roommate was caught by the landlord outside near midnight in a rare lapse of judgement. TO BE CLEAR, I am not defending us smoking on the property. It’s against the lease, cool. Whatever. However I had some people over during the Super Bowl. One person wanted to smoke, so I told them to go off the property and do their business. They walked about 50 feet outside the property line. The landlord stated that he searched the perimeter of the property after reporting a smell emanating from INSIDE our unit and found “no evidence” of smoking happening on our property other than the smell. There was no smell from inside because we don’t (and never have) smoke/smoked indoors. Today, we received notice that we will be given 14 days to vacate the property as we will be evicted. We explained our side to them, but they decided to move on with the eviction process. We are good tenants — clean, relatively quiet, and always paying rent on time. BUT they have wanted to get rid of us as tenants for a while for a number of reasons: 1) they have to pay us relocation fees for not allowing us to renew our lease according to OR law. And 2) they can start renovations earlier than planned on our unit. Now they are evicting is over a lie (a misunderstanding at best). We did nothing to violate our lease agreement for this third violation. We are speaking to a tenant-rights lawyer tomorrow, but it’s basically our word against the landlord’s. We are two young professionals, but neither of us really has the means for a lengthy court battle. We really just want to buy ourselves some time to find a new place and leave. And we know an eviction notice will follow us in background checks and make it even MORE difficult to find a new place in such short time. Looking for advice on our best moves going forward. Any and all resources, questions to ask the lawyer, and advice would be a big help.  Plus, especially in Portland the judge may not be inclined to take the word of the landlord that there was a lease violation. The landlord would prefer you leave without having to go to court, the reason is it costs a lot to go to court. You don’t want an eviction on your record. Perhaps your lawyer can help you work something out.  That’s part of tenant’s rights in Portland. And our landlord confirmed that they would be following regulations already. Just curious, why would the landlord be interested in amicable termination? By getting evicted, we leave quickly and without cost to them. We don’t really have a lot of leverage in this situation.  Offer to terminate the lease amicably. Why would you think they have to pay you relocation fees if they chose not to renew your lease? 