 Hi Legaladvice, I hope that this is the correct subreddit for this. I had an interaction with a doctor when I was 16 that I have always felt uncomfortable with and am wondering if it is a legal issue. I’m planning on calling the state licensing board tomorrow and filing an anonymous complaint, but I’m not sure if this is the best course of action. If I submit a formal complaint online I am required to provide my name and I am afraid of doing that. This happened in 2013. I have a journal entry from the exact day detailing what occurred and it aligns with my memory of the situation. I will not reproduce it here, I’m just going to write this as succinctly as possible. I was sixteen years old and was visiting the pediatrician for unexplained stomach pain. I was brought into an examination room by a nurse, with my mother accompanying me, and was given a gown and asked to change into it. The nurse closed the door and I immediately began changing. I had just taken off my pants when the doctor entered the room, startling me. I banged my knee on the underside of the examination table because I was so startled that I jumped. He told me I didn’t have to put the gown on, so I replied that I would just put my pants back on. He said that I had to keep those off. He instructed me to lay down and this is when I noticed he had left the door to the room ajar. He pressed down on my stomach in a couple areas, briefly. He did not press in areas that would have been covered by my pants. At this point I was already very uncomfortable and anxious and had been silently crying. He then began to ask me questions relating to my stomach pains and my period. He asked my mom to leave the room and asked me to sit up. I was still crying at this point and was very freaked out because I had never been in a situation like that before. I sat up and used the gown to cover myself, over my lap. He asked me if i ever smoked, drank alcohol, used drugs, had sex, or had suicidal thoughts. When he asked me if I had ever had suicidal thoughts I started crying harder. I had been having a hard time with thoughts of self-harm and had just started seeing a counselor, and I emphasized that I would never consider killing myself. I told him this, and he ignored me and asked how I would kill myself. I reiterated that I did not have anything in mind because I was not planning on killing myself. He then asked about my home life, and did not believe me when I said it was fine, so I had to reassure him. He asked me more questions that I don’t remember. The entire time he was asking me questions his manner was aggressive and he was very loud. It made me more upset. When he was asking me the questions when my mother wasn’t in the room he was sitting across from me, reclining in his chair with his legs propped near or on the exam table (I cannot remember) close to my left side. At this point my mother asked to be let back into the room and the doctor said no. About a minute later he let her back in. My mother and the doctor began talking and my mom closed the door. After the doctor stood up and had moved around a bit he opened the door again. He continued to talk to my mother. Finally he left. I understand that nothing actually happened. I am just not sure that the pediatrician’s conduct was completely appropriate. I also understand that I could have stood up for myself. This doctor visit occurred during a difficult time for me and my family and I was just really confused and upset and was crying most of the time so I’m not sure what I could have accomplished if my wits had been about me. I have done some research on what doctors and pediatricians can and cannot actually do and how they should act but I don’t know about my specific situation. If I am making something out of nothing I understand. But if this behavior wasn’t right I hope that I can prevent this doctor from doing this in the future. I was young and very vulnerable and very obedient to authority figures. I just want to know if this a legal issue or just an ethics issue, or neither. Thank you for your time. Thank you. I was wondering specifically about my state of undress without being able to use the gown and the lack of privacy (door open) during the visit. I understand now that I am overreacting to what happened and that I could have been more vocal about my discomfort in the moment, and that there is nothing to be done now. He instructed me to not put the gown on and also to leave my pants off. I don’t know what he was thinking, I just wanted to know if whatever his intention he could be prevented from putting people in this particular uncomfortable situation. I guess I should have just ignored him and put the gown on or insisted on putting my pants back on. I really don’t know. I understand that doctor visits are going to be uncomfortable and embarrassing sometimes but I felt this could have been handled more sensitively by him. Thank you for providing an explanation. I realize I am probably overreacting. I’m not a lawyer, but I am a doctor. It sounds like he had a terrible bedside manner, but it does not sound like he did anything illegal or inappropriate. He actually may have left the door cracked open to protect himself from any accusations of doing something inappropriate? It is standard care to ask the questions about suicidality, sexual activity, whether you feel safe at home etc with parent outside the room, just in case there’s something a teenager is keeping from their parents. That should have been explained to you and your mom (that she needed to step out for a few sensitive questions), and ideally you would have been covered by either the gown or your clothes so you didn’t feel exposed during the conversation. But again, it does not sound like he did anything legally/professionally wrong apart from having a bad bedside manner. Did he specifically tell you to “leave your pants off for the rest of the visit”? (Typically they just let you get dressed after they’re gone.) Being an old and having been to a hundred doctor visits now, including some far more humiliating than this, I honestly think in most cases they’re not even really aware of our body parts in any weird/unsavory way. They’re like car mechanics, and they just want to check the engine. In other words, I don’t think your state of dress was even on his mind. (To be clear ... some doctors are predatory, but this doesn’t sound like that. He sounds like he didn’t have the greatest demeanor/“bedside manner”, but that’s not uncommon or illegal.) Hi, thank you so much for responding. I was specifically wondering about the part where he walked in on me taking off my pants and had me leave my pants off for the rest of the visit, as well as leaving the door open when I was only in my underwear. If this is normal then I apologize. I have been to doctors for stomach issues before and since and I understand the stomach palpating, but I have never in other visits with others, to the best of my memory, been asked to remove my pants. It was just very uncomfortable for me and I was wondering if it was appropriate behavior. I don't see any reason to involve a lawyer. I understand that the appointment was uncomfortable but I don't know that the doctor even did anything that would warrant a professional complaint.  Can you specify which part of this you felt was questionable? It sounds like a standard doctor visit with a somewhat gruff doctor. He was checking your abdomen for issues since you were there for stomach problems. (I’m not a doctor, but I assume he would have been checking for masses/tumors, or obvious problems with your lower digestive tract). He probably asked the personal questions because you were crying, and because stomach problems can be caused by anxiety and depression. Unless I’m missing something here, it doesn’t seem odd. I’m going to assume you haven’t been to many doctor visits—they have to touch you and ask questions to troubleshoot your physical issues. 