 Hi, I'm not sure that this is the right title. Sorry this is kind of long, tl;dr at the bottom. On mobile etc. I'm posting on behalf of concern for both my cousin and her ex boyfriend. My cousin is an extreme bipolar and has been unmedicated for about 6 years now. She has a very tragic and trauma filled upbringing which compounds her mental illness, and I love her dearly, but she's delusional. Shes currently in the middle of an episode. She lived with my family from about 17-22 and then 24-25ish, so I do consider her like my (albeit arm's length distance away) sister. She has been cut off from my immediate family due to her delusions. Example- accusing my (her maternal side) extended family of taking money donated to her and her siblings from when her mother was murdered. Reality- her custodial paternal aunt took all of the state allocated money for her own gain, tried to drain the donated money, and my uncle opened up trusts for all 3 of them. There was less than $8,000 saved individually ($24,000 total? Rough estimates guys sorry) for them. She was (is?) Convinced the number should be closer to 30k each. But she has accused my parents of hiding and spending money as well as favorites from her for years. Turned my next door, elderly, sweet as pie, neighbors against my parents due to her accusations. My mom describes her as a cancer. Anyway, I could go on about her background for forever, but onto the reason for my post: her ex boyfriend is now being abused by her. He allowed her to move in and added her onto the lease while they were dating. Hes living in the small bedroom while she takes the master without paying any bills. He came to my mother asking for help in dealing with her mental illness as a friend after the breakup. My cousin has poisoned everyone she comes in contact with about how awful my family is (they're not), so this was a big step for him. He learned the truth about her bipolar and confirmed that hes not crazy and his experiences are valid and repeating patterns of my cousin's illness. He has gotten into contact with her siblings who have also given him the same advice and further validated his abuse. We told him to run like hell and break the lease, but he said he wanted to try one last time to talk to her first. I advised him to record their confrontation when he let's her know she needs to see someone, as I know how volatile my cousin gets. Well, it has turned against him. He has some of the fight audio recorded but did not press charges against her or call the cops. She was hitting him in the head and face and caused welts and swelling, and also took a knife to him. She then fled and had her friends come to the apartment to get some of her things. I guess she came back and she is now trying to pin it as if she was the one being abused. She said she was talking to a psychologist who is her friend but i kind of think that was a lie. That she was naked and it was self defense, etc. I dont think shes planning on moving out. She has no money as she was just (a few days) t-boned in a brand new car. Apparently the night of the accident she was hitting herself in the bath as well as hitting herself during the confrontation with her ex so she may actually have marks. My mom has urged him to go to the police before she does with the recording and he says he cant as they will both end up facing charges (what a cop told him apparently) and that her friends will gang up on him and lie for her. Maybe a good note here: her ex is a body builder kind of big guy, and my cousin is pretty small. So it could hypothetically look bad, and he is really scared of that kind of outcome. My mom tried looking for her medical records diagnosing her to help my cousin's ex in his statement (she was her legal guardian from 16-21) but she can't find anything, which is weird because all of my other cousins' psychiatric records and everything were there. So I guess i have two questions here-- what can my cousins ex do to get my cousin treatment/out of the apartment? She is on the lease. Is there anything I or my mom can do to get her involuntarily committed or something? What is the best way for my cousin's ex to protect himself against both her physical abuse and legal repercussions? Tl;dr: my extremely bipolar cousin is in the middle of an episode right now, and her furor is directed at her roommate ex boyfriend. She physically attacked him during a confrontation about her mental state and caused marks but is now saying he abused her. He has it partially recorded but is terrified of going to the police and also catching charges. She isn't moving out and is broke. Is also on the lease. Is there anything he/my mom/myself can do to a) get my cousin help and b) legally protect her roommate? 