 I live in Brooklyn NY. I purchased a condo about 2 years ago in a building where a good chunk of the apartments are rented out by Orthodox families. i would say that 45% of the building is occupied by Orthodox families renting in this way and the rest are condos owned + occupied by non orthodox people. I honestly did not care and did not think this would be a problem. Since i moved in though, this has been a HUGE issue. I don't want to go into to much detail since it would just lead to a rant but the families in by building do not like/agree with my lifestyle and have been trying to make me uncomfortable enough to force me to move out. I honestly don't give two shits about their opinions and typically try my best to ignore them. The issue is that they have been using the Jewish police to harass me. To give you an idea of the shit I am dealing with I'll tell you what prompted this post. I chose to have a Superbowl viewing party today. About 30 minutes into the start of the party (when there were FIVE people here) I get a knock at my door and standing there are two fake police who try to tell me they got a 'noise complaint' and a complaint that we are using 'illicit substances' that i have to end my party. We were in my yard at this point literately just talking and smoking (cigs). My condo is on the ground floor and people who live above me can see directly into the yard so i am assuming they are who claimed the cigs were drugs. Since then, they have been standing outside of my building trying to prevent people I INVITED from entering and have been harassing my guess, treating to ticket them and demanding to search them. I don't want to make this post too long but this is the smallest of the shit that I have had to deal with from these fake police over the last two years. I am fucking done. I want this to stop. I have tried everything i can think of and dont know what else to do. I have tried calling the NYPD every time they show up. This has not worked. I have complained to my condo association. No help. I have contacted my elected officials, filed complaints with the city AND state, contacted the fair housing justice center to file a discrimination complaint, and NOTHING has worked. I keep being told that what they are doing is not illegal and that they have permission to impersonate (my word) the police and attempt to enforce (their version) of the law. at one point, i was gone for a week and my boyfriend was harassed for 'trespassing' for going into the home THAT I OWN WITH MY PERMISSION. Im sorry that this is such a long run on rant. I am just so fed up with this bullshit. I am being discriminated against and harrassed by fake police who are trying to bully me into moving out of a HOME I OWN on behalf of a bunch of people who dont even pay market rent to live in my building because they cant stand to live with a gay person and everyone is telling me this is legal. am i crazy here? how is this allowed? what can i do to stop it?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Do not advise posters to call the media or to post on social media Do not advise posters to call the media, post on social media, or otherwise publicize their situation. That creates additional risks and problems, and should only be done, if at all, with the counsel of a local attorney representing OP. Please review the following rules before commenting further. [General Rule 9]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Do not advise posters to call the media or to post on social media Do not advise posters to call the media, post on social media, or otherwise publicize their situation. That creates additional risks and problems, and should only be done, if at all, with the counsel of a local attorney representing OP. Please review the following rules before commenting further. [General Rule 9]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. It's called Jew York City for a reason, unfortunately you will find no effective remedy against these cretins because they are protected at all levels. It might end up that you need to get restraining orders against these specific individuals by name. But an attorney is going to have a lot more specific knowledge.  Jewish police (neighborhood_watch_group) Look, you might be right in other places in the world, but in NYC that's not going to happen. The Orthodox community has a huge sway, and these "police" work alongside NYPD (somehow). So the police simply are not an avenue available. In fact most political avenues simply do not exist in NYC for this particular issue. The OP is going to have to get into lawyer and court territory and force things to happen, the system will not act on this.  You literally only have one option: move. Nothing will ever be done, by anyone, to help you. Yes it does. They don't own the condos they live in. OP does. The board needs to listen to her and the other owners. People that rent in a controlled community do not have voting power.  Without giving it away... In the north bk area where there is a strong hasidic group? If so did you contact joe lentol? Because acting out against them gets you in trouble with the law or sued. They've been doing this for decades and carving out territory all over NY and NJ. They have almost total control of their neighborhoods and what goes on in them. How brave, creating a new account just to make an antisemetic comment! Work with them, not against them. Tell them you fully understand that they have a problem with your lifestyle and ask them how they suggest these things can be resolved and ask them if you can talk to their rabbi. Going confrontational with people that outnumber you and are almost above the law is not a good idea unless you bring in some big LGBT group to support you. Is there a way you can prove that they’re doing this because you’re gay ? I feel like the best bet would be showing a lawyer/police that they’re being discriminatory.  The Amish set themselves up in the middle of the urbanite capital of the world and formed their own de facto government within it? I don't think that's a fair comparison. There's nothing OP can do but move. He certainly won't get any support from the local government or municipalities. See if there is a Jewish Community relations council that you can get in touch with. They may be willing to step in and tell these people to knock it off, since they want to have a good relationship with the rest of the city at large and these guys will only bring them bad publicity if word of what they are doing gets out. Then reach out to the ACLU and Lambda Legal. Probably because you don't live in NYC. This criminal organization, as well as a jewish only ambulance service, have been operating for decades. The ambulance service illegally refusing to help a 7 year old black child that was run over by a jew led to the Crown Heights riot of 1991. I would literally had drag concert every weekend every single weekend. Like when the neighbors next door didn't like my bag Menorah at Hanukkah and they decided to put I swastika my garage well guess what there is a big Jewish flag on my porch the next day. Or the time people didn't like my gay roommates in the Amish land guess what that price flag was on our porch and we had drag shows every single weekend I mean fall on drag shows it was awesome.  They're Jewish. Move. I am sitting over here just like stewing over this could you give your friends old school voice recorders to slip in their pockets to record these people being unjust to them and harassing them as they're trying to come into the building like before they come into the building they say their name date and time and then they can hear those like pretending to believe poison stuff like I'm just doing over here coming up with ideas. Like what's even worse why not put on a full-blown drag show in your yard. There's no law against. I mean what's the harm going to do there he harasses you might as well do what you want to do. I would have a theme party and drag show every weekend. I am sitting over here just like stewing over this could you give your friends old school voice recorders to slip in their pockets to record these people being unjust to them and harassing them as they're trying to come into the building like before they come into the building they say their name date and time and then they can hear those like pretending to believe poison stuff like I'm just doing over here coming up with ideas. Like what's even worse why not put on a full-blown drag show in your yard. There's no law against. I mean what's the harm going to do there he harasses you might as well do what you want to do. I would have a theme party and drag show every weekend. I know its not the whole jewish community that is like this, which is why when i first chose to buy the home i didnt think twice about moving into an orhodox area. i know that this is an exception, not the rule [Yes.]() In a way (though I hate to say it) you kind of do want to give them an excuse to be physical. Once they escalate to getting physical with you, that will make it much harder for the police to keep refusing to intervene and also will make it much easier for you to get a restraining order. You seem to have been taking quite a passive stance in the hope that things will die down and thy will back off. It’s been two years, that obviously is not going to happen. So stop acting like you are afraid or have done something wrong, stop trying to reason with them. Walk your friends in and out of the building so if they try to assault them you can block them and can also film any attempts to get physical with them or you. Honestly at this point one of them manhandling or shoving you would almost be a good thing.  How is this relevant?  I don't mean to be rude, but do you? The ACLU is run by Jews. Not the orthodox ones mind you, but the liberal ones. Nevertheless, when it comes to a choice between homosexuals and their own kind, it's certain what they'll choose. The ACLU would get absolutely chastised by the Jewish community for this, not that they would touch it at all. I don't know as a Jewish person the Orthodox Jewish people in New York I like a whole different section/ type of Jewish people. They do not represent the whole Jewish population. I lived around an Amish community and I had some of the same issues with Amish. I want to apologize and I hope it works out record record record keep a log like a paper log of what they say to you how they say it and I would also learn some key Hebrew Yiddish phrases I would also suggest keeping a recorder on you like old school. I did it when I live in a certain part of Pennsylvania and it helped in court I'm so sorry that your rights are being infringed on. You have a live recording of them say hey on the police officer matching up with the recording or if your video is sound and video that is awesome to. But believe me there so many documentaries and how horror they can be an even people leaving the Orthodox Jewish community and taking away their kids you know it's just a whole different section lifestyle and all they can do is equate it to the Amish as an example. I would notify who ever owns your building/property if everyone rents or leases there. Document every person that seemed intimidated by them, it is not right for them to rule over a community by fear and intimidation. I fully support religious freedom, LGBT rights etc. but noone has a right to force any kind of lifestyle on someone, let alone in this manner. This is a clear violation of your civil rights. I am sorry this is happening to you OP. You deserve to live in peace, as do your neighbors, providing everyone is acting respectfully and in quiet enjoyment, which it sounds like you are.  Do you know what the ACLU is? Has this been an issue in the past? Pardon me asking, but I've never actually been to NYC, I just googled the laws. As someone who has lived in a coop apt complex with those people... Good luck. They are very very powerful in the community because they vote as a bloc and they ALWAYS vote. The NYPD is scared of their political power and will bend over backwards to avoid making waves. Im sure the condo board is stocked with them. All the above suggestions WILL NOT WORK. The only thing i can think of is to publisize the harassment. Record every confrontation and then post it to social media. I know its against the rules to auggest that but ive lived with them and know exactly what you are experiencing. Nothing short of a public shaming will stop them.  thank you. i will look into these As someone who lives near the town of Monroe I say good luck. It's going to be a tough battle. More than likely what you need to do is detail your account to the Attorney General of the state of New York. You can also contact the mayor's office. If that doesn't heal anything you're going to have to go to the local stations. A lot of the problems with the Hasidic and Orthodox Jewish communities is that they are deeply entrenched in the political machine of New York and New Jersey. You could try and find out who their local Rabbi is and see if you can get them to lay off you. I'm going to be quite honest most lawyers are not going to want to take on your case because the lawyers that do will get pegged as anti-semitic and will be blacklisted. It happens more than most people think. Reading between the lines I'm assuming your LGBT. If you really think that there creating a space that is hostile and discriminatory oh, you need to get in contact with every single LGBT organization in the city. They'll be tons of resources at those particular context in the media and in politics. With enough pressure these groups tend to back down and sometimes move out but in New York City is really tough. Not wanting to get into any type of rant, but for those who don't live in the New York City area the ultra-orthodox Jewish community of New York are extremely tight knit and have managed to game the welfare system as well as become a political Powerhouse. The forest through laws that benefit only them, and decry anyi-semitism against anyone that speaks up against them i cant do this because i know they are waiting for me to give them a reason to escalate beyond harassment. they have not been physical with me though they have with my guests and i dont want to do anything that would give them an excuse to change this.  Why is everybody ignoring the fact that this guy is "smoking cigs" on the ground floor no less. The smoke travels up to the other floors if the insulation is poor. I'd hate you just for that. Especially a condo. Smoking in a rented building is one thing, but smoking in a condo is a seriously major dick move because that's just going to spread that shit across the entire section of the building. No wonder other people hate you and want you out. It's not because you're gay, it's because you're an asshole.  Once they commence assaulting you or getting physical, you may take reasonable steps in self defence. Consider getting some pepper spray. Hopefully you won’t have to use it, but perhaps if you even just take it out and open it they will back up. On top of documenting their behaviour, your should be documenting your interactions with the police, every time you call them and all their bullshit excuses as to why they can’t or won’t help and the names of the officers at each incident. Then take it up the chain and complain to the NYPD. I don’t know what the relevant body is but there must be a process for police complaints. It’s completely ridiculous that police cannot or will not help you. Keep copies of all footage and logs you give to the police. Write them letters setting out in detail the harassment you have been dealing with. All this documentation will be useful in complaining. Again, I really encourage you to get an LGBT legal group involved to help you. They have resources and experience and will likely help you pro bono. They will also know how to escalate this issue and get publicity and/or media attention if they think that would be helpful. They may even help you to file a lawsuit against the police dept if it comes to that.  The police won't do anything about these guys. Never have, never will   i have not but i will. thank you Since you are thinking of getting a lawyer you might want to contact a civil rights group - especially one that deals with either LGTBQ rights (Lambda legal?) or religious/separation of church and state issues (since the police are allowing them to harass you because you refuse to follow their religion. )The FFRF has helped me in an employment issue. I've also heard good things about Americans United For Separation of Church and State. Careful advising OP to reach out to the media/3rd parties. I believe there are rules against this. I wouldn't want them to potentially be exposed to more harassment from the public that a media shitstorm could cause.  Christians are such bad people aren't they? /s Bad advice considering air horns can cause permanent hearing damage. That would be battery. it means that i own a percentage of the common areas of the building and should have more of a say in the rules for the building.  the fact that you payed in full and they are in section 8 does not mean you are more important than them If they have physically touched or manhandled people that is 100% assault and those people are entitled to engage in self defence. Next time one of them lays a hand on you, punch them. I’m not even kidding. If they put their feet in your door just keep slamming your door shut while filming. You’re entitled to shut your own door and if they are in the way, too bad. This is an absolutely disgusting situation and I hope you get some kind of resolution. There have to be housing authorities you can appeal to if your own condo board refuses to ban them from the building. They are stalking and harassing you. If there are particular guys who have been harassing you long term, get as much documentation as you can and try to get a restraining order against them. If the police won’t help, hire a private lawyer. The restraining order will mean they can no longer enter the property because they must stay a certain distance away from you. Also these assholes like to claim that any attempt to stop them harassing others is anti semitism, yet actually, they are the ones discriminating against and harassing you due to your sexual orientation. Contact LGBT advocacy and legal groups for advice. Ask for their help on putting pressure on police/your condo board on your behalf. They are engaging in homophobic abuse. The ACLU should be interested in this.  I forgot there were even a lot of Jews in New York. I thought they were in Miami.  the main door opens by buzzer. ill buzz someone in and they will physically stand shoulder to shoulder in front of the doorway and tell my guest that they dont have permission to enter (after i just buzzed them in) and if they try to push past them will physically push them out and threaten to assault them if they keep trying to get in. now whenever someone is coming over who doesnt have a key I always go down and open the door myself but i have to ask them 15 times to move to let me do so and sometimes have to call the nypd to come and make them move to let people in. my building has cameras. this is all documented and the police are fully aware of what is going on. it hasnt helped.  Reach out to the ACLU. Not really. Most of them are quite destitute. It’s not about money. They vote as a bloc. Crossing them means losing thousands upon thousands of votes. It’s political suicide.   : . Pretends to be a police officer or a federal law enforcement officer as enumerated in section 2.15 of the criminal procedure law, or wears or displays without authority, any uniform, badge or other insignia or facsimile thereof, by which such police officer or federal law enforcement officer is lawfully distinguished or expresses by his or her words or actions that he or she is acting with the approval or authority of any police department or acting as a federal law enforcement officer with the approval of any agency that employs federal law enforcement officers as enumerated in section 2.15 of the criminal procedure law; and . So acts with intent to induce another to submit to such pretended official authority or otherwise to act in reliance upon said pretense and in the course of such pretense commits or attempts to commit a felony; or Impersonating a police officer is illegal. In addition to what others have said about the civil side of things, it may be worth it to inform the police about this.  If they are standing outside your door, walk out with a camera and record them. Ask them point blank if they are there because you are gay. Ask them why they have a problem with it. Getting a confession on video would do wonders for you. they stand a foot in front of my door when i refuse to open it. follow me out the building if i try to leave. trail me if i get in a car. follow me if i try to walk to the train. (while saying nothing). they block my guests from entering (and have physically prevented them from doing so, and have physically removed my guests from the building). we have tried to report these as assaults but it goes no where because the nypd claims that they are not doing anything wrong (even with video evidence) and are just acting on complaints from residents in the building. they are bullies who are allowed to bully people. I am going to look into a lawyer but honestly a civil suit is the nuke option since i would have to find a new job before i even consider that option. and moving is just not an option because i put all my money into this place and love it (my home is perfect for me if it wasnt for this). in a perfect senerio i would find a way for them to just leave me alone. i dont even interact with any of the orthodox people in the building and would be completely happy if they just ignored me and pretended i didnt exist. but i have no clue how that can possibly happen. i hoped that they would give up after some time but its been two years and things just seem to be getting worse, not better Get cameras and file a restraining order. Pls, record them as much as you can, this is a real issue and probably an epidemic in Brooklyn, if you dont try to stop, they will eventually chase you out. Put cameras outside your door, record their claims, post it online, fingers crossed it may even go viral. But make sure everytime you confront them you have tour phone with you recording them in the face. Don’t move out for these assholes. You have every right to stay in your home. I am Jewish (non-observant) and these fucking people make me irrationally angry. I’m only half serious, but if you hired a spit and bought a whole pig and had a BBQ in your courtyard I think that would be hilarious.  If they physically touch you or your friends call 911 and report an assault. They want to annoy and intimidate you. Stop giving them a reaction. They are just standing around, so studiously ignore them. Don’t react when they speak to you or try to overact with you at all. Tell your visitors to do likewise. Just have your guests keep walking and completely ignore anything these people say or do. How are they “preventing” guests from entering the building exactly? Are they actually physically blocking the doorways or hallways? If so film this/ ask your guests to do so. Also keep a written log. You then have evidence to take to the police or for a civil suit. If they are just lurking in the common areas, just walk around them, again without reacting.   ~~can't do anything~~ don't want to do anything because ~~they don't want to be called antisemites~~ they are being told to stay out of it from their superiors.  It sounds like they are harassing OP due to their sexual orientation in their own home. No one deserves that. You would think NY would take a stand against such things! I dont want to advise OP to go to the media or anything that could give them undue attention that could result in more harassment, but they should be free to quiet enjoyment of their own home. If OP is being truthful, it does not sound like their were causing a disturbance in the community.  In a city that is quite violent, how have these groups not had the shit kicked out of them? You’d think someone would get pissed enough.  i have tried to get the other non orthodox people in my building to help but they haven't been willing tbh. they give me a lot of lip service but ultimately dont want to get involved because they are afriaid that they will start harassing them in the same way if they stick up for me. it sucks. there was one neighbor who tried to help but she was renting and when her lease was up last year they refused to renew it (she lived in the building for about 5 years) and she had to move out. now a orthodox family lives in her apartment. that was about 4 months after i first moved in and since then the rest of the neighbors have refused to get involved and always cite her as why, even the ones who own their apartments.  You don't know what you are talking about. They are awful, they harass people and they are 100% bona fide auxiliaries. They are permitted to drive cars and wear uniforms with the NYPD logoThey do not need a warrant to knock on a door and even when they completely overstep their boundaries nothing is done about it, due t their political power in Brooklyn.  Blocking access to your friends and boyfriend should be the start of your lawyer writing a cease and desist. If they physically touch your friends or physically block entrance to your apartment, get that on video. Huh never heard of this before, you might want to take a video and spread it on the internet YES thats them how do i find out who is their rabbi? my building has cameras and ive shown the footage to the board and included it in every complaint ive filed but it has done nothing. i think i need to find a lawyer now. but i dont even know for what because technically when they come they are always responding to some bullshit complaint filed by someone in my building. they have never officially harassed me just for being gay so i dont even think i can go after them for discrimination. they always pretend to be following up on a complaint  Your doorway counts as your home. It’s been shown in self defense cases. If someone is busting into your door, even if they aren’t inside the apartment or whatever, you have the right to respond. Now I’m not saying you should shoot them (don’t unless they get violent), but I was saying where that legal point came from Isnt it a crime to impersonate a police officer? Why are the police not arresting them? I would say install a camera to get this on film and as try to persue civil actions Hey look as someone who's had experience with Jews - just forget it and walk away. I know it sucks, and life isn't fair, but \\you will not win\\. They are superior to us non-jews in this country. Seriously. One time I saw a jewish guy get caught red handed for selling crack. The whole community went down to the police station and the kid was out in less than 2 hours. No charges, no court, no trial. You cannot win, you are not "God's chosen people". It's a tough wake up call but trust me it's a more honest way to live. Ive told them to get off but the problem is they dont force themselves into my condo, just into the building. The board has said they have permission to come into the building if the tenants let them and as long as they dont try to force themselves into my condo they arent doing anything wrong. so what this turns into is them standing 1 foot outside my door for hours on end to intimate me. and standing in the lobby and following guests to my door and preventing my guests from entering the building. but since they arent in my condo i cant stop it. its insane.  Sounds like it's time for a lawyer to send them a nastygram. Have you been documenting the harassment? A journal is good for record keeping.  i want to avoid going "public" because of how that will look. I work for a company that does lots of business in Israel and i cant risk how this would look if my face was the face of the person trying to stop the Jewish police from being to operate in NY In most states, someone entering someones home to commit a felony, force is allowed to be used to have them cease and desist. If they are threatening someone while armed, and impersonating police, I do not think they would be out of bounds responding to armed felony threats with a weapon. Now if they are just being belligerent and unarmed, I would not advise escalating with arms.  Have you tried escalating it with the watch commander or their LGBT liaison? Also call your local city council representative and see if they can’t help you. Be polite but firm and keep a diary of every interaction. Dates names and times and what was discussed. If you write it down put it in a composition notebook (type where you can see the appear has been torn out) or email it to get a date stamp. You can just keep replying to the same email over and over as a log. Since it’s basically an illegal eviction start working with tenants rights folks too. You may also be able to reach out to a less orthodox rabbi and see if they would be helpful in starting a conversation about how they treat you. Or at least get insight on how to help make it stop the problem is that i own my home and its not like i can just buy any other place in this city to replace it. I have also put SO much effort into renovating it and making it a great place to live, i just can not be ok with moving and being bullied out. That’s crazy and disturbing considering how is Muslims get so much flak for the whole “sharia law” taking over America.  my condo board has refused to get involved and expressly ban them from entering the building. they claim that they can not because that violates the rights of the 45% of orthodox who are renting. this despite the fact that they are all renting from one landlord who owns their units and they all use section 8 and dont even pay the full price for the apartments. i paid for my home in full and yet the board is refusing to step in and help me. and the board isn't even orthodox either. only one of the members is the rest are not but they are refusing to do anything and claiming that they have to stay neutral. i am going to get a lawyer at this point. i think i need to accept that i have no other choice. Goodness gracious... I had no idea this was a thing. Its fine and dandy for a neighborhood to have a community watch group, but this is crossing the line of vigilantism and threats. There is no legal right bestowed upon any religious group to enforce religious law in USA... I would stand your ground, you own your home, do not let thugs operating under the guise of religion force you from it. Do they have a supervisor you can reach out to? I mean at this point, maybe you should get one of those airhorns and just blow it at them every time until they walk away. You wouldn't necessarily be "well withing your rights" to do that, unless you are actively in danger you can't just brandish a firearm. It's a touchy issue and you wouldn't want to go to jail for something like that. Never pull out a firearm unless you intend to shoot. When I suggested media I implied investigative units. Apologies i should of been more clear. I did not imply putting these people on blast. But yes you are absolutely correct. seeking legal advice from an attorney who is familiar with these particular situations should be sought out first.  That advice is not allowed here. Do not contact the media without first consulting with a lawyer. A lot of them are rich. So it’s basically high level corruption. The current NYC mayor admitted to it on camera at some convention  They don’t have a warrant or anything and if they aren’t actual registered officers it becomes harassment  While I understand and sympathise with why you are suggesting to go to the media this should not be suggested (think it's against the rules of Legaladvice) Do not go to the media without first talking to a lawyer about the implications as it could make your life harder as well as make any recourse you have harder. It’s not legal but NYPD won’t do anything about it. I know Bloomberg had a cozy relationship with the community. The only reason why politicians pay these people lip service is because they vote in droves. I’m sorry to hear about your wife.  They are peace officers. It's BS, but they are. Do not use force on them. They are committing a felony. If they enter your home to commit a felony, you are within your rights to use force to force them to leave. There is no such thing as "religious police" in America. Do they have weapons? IF they are armed, you would be well within your rights to to pull a firearm on them.  They acted like territorial dogs against my wife. A fucking disgrace that makes even some extreme rabbis tell them to knock that shit off. I don’t know how it’s legal  Apologies. Reposted original comment to respond to OP. Yep. These folks are terribly harassing and very often will do anything to get the general population to leave “their part of Brooklyn”.  Unfortunately the Hassidic community has extreme influence and clout with NYPD and NYC politicians. I live in the nyc area and am very familiar with these harassing Jewish communities. My sister is progressive orthodox (progressidox?) and she is avoids them as much as the general population tries to. My suggestion for you since all legal and political avenues minus hiring a lawyer have not worked in your favor, call/email the local news stations and see if they will take your story public. I’m sorry you are experiencing this.  the shomrim will continue to escalate until you or your partner are arrested, dead or gone. for your own safety you have to move. no elected official or governing board will stop them.  I’m not the one experiencing it. This happened like 5 years ago and I wasn’t with her  Record, record, record. Everytime they come, record them. NYC you are allowed to record them. If they don't like it, tough. If they try and take your camera, have another person recording that. Let your friends know to record them if they are being harassed. Compile the videos and bring it to a lawyer. Honestly, what they are doing is disgusting. As someone who was born Jewish, I have nothing but anger at how you are being treated. Someone else mentioned "zealots". This is exactly what they are. In towns upstate, these are the same type of people that will spit on women if they see them wearing pants or a short dress. The police can't do anything because they don't want to be called antisemites. But if you provide documentation of this hate that the shomrim are doing, maybe their NYPD friendly status can be taken away. Good luck.  Unfortunately the Hassidic community has extreme influence and clout with NYPD and NYC politicians. I live in the nyc area and am very familiar with these harassing Jewish communities. My sister is progressive orthodox (progressidox?) and she is avoids them as much as the general population tries to. My suggestion for you since all legal and political avenues minus hiring a lawyer have not worked in your favor, call/email the local news stations and see if they will take your story public. I’m sorry you are experiencing this.  Video tape and log every interaction you have with them. But also, can’t you just ignore them? They aren’t getting physical, they are just trying to argue with you/ demand things/ hassle you. So just don’t bite. They turn up at your door? Slam the door on them and go about your life. They start speaking to you in the hallway? Just don’t respond and keep walking. Tell your guests and boyfriend etc to do likewise. If they touch you or physically interfere with you record them and report to the police for assault. The NYPD are apparently willing to give these clowns some slack, but I doubt that will stretch to assaulting people.  Ha no, they don’t acknowledge reform or conservative as even being Jewish. I don’t think there is much to be done about this unfortunately. The fact is, they have a lot of political clout because they vote en masse for whomever their rabbi tells them too. So local council and other officials don’t bother them because they need the votes. They also cry antisemitism if they are challenged in any way. I’m Jewish and follow these things fairly obsessively. So yes they may be doing any number of illegal things, but...shrugs. It’s very disheartening. Document everything, meaning record the shomrim when they harass you and take your evidence to the police station and condo association. I hate to say it, but maybe it would be best to move just so you don't have to deal with these nuts.  Sounds to me like your condo board is violating your housing rights due to your sexual orientation. New york has fairly strong protections for housing in general, and LGBT people in particular. You could try here for advice - Or you could get a consult with a lawyer who specializes in fair housing violations. Your condo board should not be allowing these people to enter the property and harrass you. Do you know of any other neighbors being harassed in a similar manner? Maybe you could join forces to bring about a harassment suit against them. At the very least, I would set up surveillance cameras and keep a log book of all their offenses. If there's a law school with a free or low cost legal clinic, maybe they could offer you some advice. I'm really sorry you have to live in these unpleasant conditions. There's no good solution. They're religious zealots and nothing the cops do will stop them from harassing you. They're going to make your life a living hell. Your only halfway decent move is talk to the rabbi who oversees this group of Jews (Not sure how they're organized or their chain of command). Before you do, maybe consult with a rabbi who is the Reform or Conservative for help how to proceed.  If everything is an imitation of a cop, that’s definitely imitation of a cop. Although apparently another commenter said they have permission from the NYPD to act this way (???) which I hope is just a rumor. Tell them to get off your property or you will use adequate force. They’re trespassing on your property and imitating police. You aren’t in the wrong here Those are the same people who harassed my wife when she went to New York to visit a friend. Kept saying her friends apartment was “Jewish only” despite A: that being illegal I’m pretty sure and B: her friend wasn’t Jewish. How is that not continued harassment  Not OP but yup The Orthodox “police” operate with the implied permission of the NYPD. Or at least the NYPD don’t stop them. As someone part of that community it makes me hella uncomfortable.  Sounds like it might be [this group?]((neighborhood_watch_group)) i have. every time. it never works. they just tell them to move on then they come back an hour after the nypd leaves or they leave right before they arrive and come back after. apparently they arent impersonating the NYPD so it isnt illegal. they arent pretending to be real cops, just pretending to be fake cops who have the powers of real cops.  Call the police, it's a serious felony to impersonate an officer. If they were real cops they would've just arrested you. 