Hi,

When I was 17 I met a 22 year old guy who then took my virginity and it turned out he already had a girlfriend and he had only used me for sex (16 is the legal age here). I had my doubts about him, felt as if he wasn't honest with me. After 5 days of completely ignoring me, he dumped me and blocked me. I then contacted the girl that I was suspicious of and all of my doubts were no longer doubts and became truths. He cheated on me and on her at the same time. 


The day after he broke up with me, I found some websites on which you could anonymously report your exes for cheating. I put in his name and called him a cheater, liar and a coward. It felt good and I hoped that he'd never be able to hurt any girl ever again. 

It's two years later. Today word got around that he's going to get a lawyer and try to sue me if I don't take these things down. I haven't had any type of contact with him after he dumped me, and I had forgotten about this whole thing already. 
The websites on which I posted these things make it impossible to remove anything you post, so I can't change anything. 

I'm from Europe but I'm not going to be any more specific because I don't want this to pop up in search results either. I was 17 when I posted these things and so I was underaged. 

Does anyone have any advice? Do you actually think this person could/will sue me? I'm honestly kind of anxious because of all of this. 

Thanks in advance!  Okay, thank you for your response. Relax. 99% of those that threaten to sue literally have 0 clue where to start, and out of that 1% left, only a sliver of those even have a case.

Personally I would have told him "cool, see ya in court"  Wouldn't it be a matter of opinion? I can't prove that he's a coward or pussy, but I think he is. And about the lying and cheating, would chats (that I still have) with these people, help me? Would that be enough proof? 

I want to give out more information about my location because of the probability of different laws here but I'm scared of doing that.

(Edited because I wanted to add in some stuff) If what you said about him is true, its not defamation.