Most of this is going to be third party accounts because the party in question is not willing to push the issue, but I'd like to help in any way I can and am looking for where to start.

So my friend (we'll call them V for victim) was driving home from work in Arizona just over a year ago when a drunk driver collided into them causing an accident between V and I believe two more vehicles. V's car was totaled and they were left in the hospital for a few days. Since then, V has had to undergo physical therapy, and was out of work for 6 months due to this accident, and it left them with a still ongoing limp.

Insurance stated that because multiple cars were damaged in the accident, and based on the guilty driver's insurance, the payout would have to be divided between the victim's. V then contacted a lawyer in order to see what their options were because a totaled car, no work for 6 months, a limp, and hundreds of thousands of dollars in hospital fees seemed like a fair case to V.

Fast forward to now, V has gone through 4 different jobs in the 6 months they've actually been able to work because it hurts to do certain types of activities and they weren't able to keep the two jobs they had before the accident due to the physical job requirements. In that time, V was offered $700 to replace their car because that's all it was deemed to be worth, and I just found out that after lawyer fees amounting to $11,000, V was only left with $4,000 for the entire payout, damages, compensation, everything.

I can't believe in a system that would allow a life to be destroyed and put into so much debt over another's mistake and would like to help find a some kind of solution to this horrible accident. What should V do and where should they start? If they win they can garnish the other person's wages, potentially indefinitely. More realistically, they could 'sell' the debt to a debt collector, though they would only get a small fraction of the value. If V was awarded a judgment and has not filed a timely appeal the case is over.  V can't sue again for a second bite at the apple. They have state minimum liability on a paid off car. As for the at fault party, I'm not sure. [deleted] I didn’t see mention of the victims vehicle insurance coverage, but if they have uninsured/under insured coverage, they can make a claim against their own policy for any injuries and compensation over what they’ve already recovered from the at fault party.  So in that case, what might happen? If v wine a court case for more than the person has, will it work in any way similar to alimony or child support or is it essentially a net loss on both sides? Is it worth pursuing a case in this matter whatsoever? &gt; you should be able to sue for more than what they're worth.

You can. You just can't collect if they have nothing.

&gt; have a the at fault person deal with getting a loan and going into debt to cover that cost.

They likely can't get approved for a loan. I understand that. I just mean that in suing the person at fault, you should be able to sue for more than what they're worth. Sue for enough to pay the hospitals and have a the at fault person deal with getting a loan and going into debt to cover that cost. I just don't know enough about legal matters to fully understand but I would think the law protects the victim from going into massive debt just because the person at fault can't afford it. Does v not have a case? &gt; Even if the at-fault-driver has nothing left to sue for, should the hospital bills not fall on their shoulder? 

The hospital bills the person they treated. They have no idea what the arrangement or relationship between your friend and the at-fault driver is.  &gt;Even if the at-fault-driver has nothing left to sue for, should the hospital bills not fall on their shoulder? Like how is V the one going into debt over this instead of the person at fault?

You're getting more into politics now, and this isn't the right forum for it. I can certainly conceive of a world where some kind of cross-billing like that could work, but I can also think of many reasons it could go wrong and be abused.

For better or worse, the American legal system is mostly based on the premise that people need to guard themselves against the actions of others and not rely on the government to ensure fairness. If your landlord illegally evicts you, you may be able to get some money from them eventually, but you'll need to provide your own housing in the meantime. If your boss fires you for an illegal reason, you'll still need to pay for a lawyer to seek redress. And if you're going to drive a car, you should insure against another driver being uninsured or underinsured. If you want to change that, feel free, but you'll need to get into politics. Even if the at-fault-driver has nothing left to sue for, should the hospital bills not fall on their shoulder? Like how is V the one going into debt over this instead of the person at fault?

And it seems that V had health insurance but not collision insurance. Most of the financial burden during the 6 month lapse of income came from the roommate who has also gone into some debt over this ordeal. Unfortunately that might be how it is.

The money needs to come from somewhere: from V's own insurance, from the at-fault driver, or from the at-fault driver's insurance. I'm assuming V did not have their own collision insurance - this is an understandable and common mistake but still a mistake. The at-fault driver's insurance is the next normal source, but they are only liable up to their policy limits. That leaves the at-fault driver, and they should be sued as much as possible, but if they have no more money to give then there's nothing to sue *for*.

V has hopefully been leaning on their health insurance as much as possible, and has been utilizing as much in the way of state resources (disability, unemployment, other assistance) as possible. I don't believe it was an offer. The lawyer has keep them pretty much in the dark throughout most of the ordeal but finally gave them $4000 of the $15000 that they were awarded, $5000 as the standard 1/3 I believe and the rest because they had to hire a third party apparently.  Did they acceot the offer already?