 I'll try to keep this as short as possible. Around the middle of last year, I moved out of the home my bf and I had, to live at my university. Two of his friends moved in and signed onto the lease because they were at risk of being homeless and my bf couldn't afford the rent by himself. At the time, I didn't make them pay me back my share of the bond because I knew they didn't have any money at that time and I ended up moving back there shortly after. Things ended up going to shit between us, and beginning of January, I moved back to my parents. The agreement was that they would pay me back $20 a fortnight for my half of the bond. However they never signed the contract and haven't paid me anything. In the meantime, they have been making my bf's life miserable and wouldn't let him move out because they wanted to. But now they've decided they'll stay at the current house and my bf can move out. They have decided that they will pay us our bond back $20 a fortnight, however this will take them 2 years to pay it back. And I am sceptical about whether or not they will pay it back, because they are very bad with money. We suggested they get a bond loan from the housing department, which would give them the bond money interest free and they wouldn't have to pay it back until they move out. However, they are refusing to do that because they, and I quote, "don't want to take out a loan". This mess has been going for a few months now and it seems like we will never get our bond money back Thank you so much!  I’ve added to my above comment, so feel free to read the addition. VCAT won’t help, but you can look at small claims, or whatever it’s called, on the magistrates court website. If that’s appropriate, they’ll have some information on how to. You can also contact a community legal service for free advice, as well as free initial legal advice from some law firms. Referrals are free through the Law Society Victoria. Be aware that community legal services may not help with civil matters like this.  Yeah I had looked at VCAT, as that was the only thing I could find. I'm not really sure how I would go about sueing them either...  By small claims, do you mean VCAT’s tenancy list? They don’t, but I’d assumed you’d need to sue, and via the Mag. Am I wrong? I'm in Victoria too, and I had looked at small claims, but it said that they don't work out disputes between tenants, so I feel a bit stuck! That's what I mean, it's not really a loan. There's no interest, and it's very leniant pay back time, which we've told them several times!  Small claims, as our American friends say. Depending on your state or territory, probably your Magistrates Court (I’m Victorian, that’s where we’d go). Have another google, or feel free to update your post with your state or territory. 