I was informed by my landlord that owe a full month's rent for December, even though I informed her on the 15th of November that I will be out of her property by the 15th of December. I paid for a half month, to cover my being here for the first half of the month, but just received a text today telling me she expects the full month's rent and I have until the end of the month to get everything moved out. 

I looked over my lease, which I should include I'm on a month-to-month lease, and it stated I must inform her 30 days prior to leaving and does not state that leaving must take place at the end of the month. I've only signed a single lease agreement with her and it reverted to a month-to-month agreement after the first year. I guess what I'm trying to find out is am I legally obligated to pay for a full month even if I am not inhabiting the premises and gave 30 days notice that I would be leaving? It clearly states on my lease the deposit is for damages and unpaid rent. My landlord is more of a slumlord and I know for a fact she doesn't have the money to pay me back for the deposit because we have mutual friends that let me know as much. When we moved in we paid the previous tenants' deposit back to them instead of to the landlord because she didn't have the cash to give back to the previous tenants. So, thanks for the advice but it's not hard for me to see that I'm going to have to take her to small claims court to get the remainder of my deposit back. Deposit is for damages to the apartment, not unpaid rent.

Pay your whole rent bill. Leave the place clean and tidy. Get your whole deposit back later.  Some landlords will let that slide but lawfully if they expect you too then you must.  Thank you for the response. I've moved multiple times in the middle of the month and have never had a landlord not prorate the month's rent. I guess I'll just count myself lucky in those situations and tell her she can take the other half of this month's rent out of the deposit and be done with it. Yes. You do. 