\[VA, USA\] TL;DR: what are my options about a withheld security deposit following the termination of a lease almost 5 months ago?

Around July, I moved out of an apartment managed by a large property leasing/management firm. I moved to another apartment at this time and provided moving information/updated contact information to this property management company upon moving out.  My understanding of the Virginia Residential Landlord and Tenant Act (VRLTA) is that the company handling the rent of the apartment has 45 days to send you your security deposit or to provide a list of itemized deductions and send you the balance. At the time of leaving this apartment, I was fully paid off on all utilities and rent payments. As of yet, they have sent me neither a check nor a list of itemized deductions.

I was expecting to have to pay some deductions on my security deposit as I did not have time to arrange for some professional cleaning services that they required in the leasing agreement. Fair enough; however, they never actually sent any itemized damages, charges, or deductions to me. About 2 months after moving out, I sent them a reminder asking for an update on my security deposit. A representative for the company responded a few days later, stating that I would receive my full security deposit back, but they were waiting for the check to clear from the bank. They provided no list of itemized deductions at this time either.

Since that time (\~3 months ago, 5 months from moving out), I have sent them 3 reminder emails, including an email with my new address in case that information was lost and they were holding the payment in escrow or something. Still radio silence.

What are my options at this point? I'm assuming that I can take them to small claims court. Is there any possibility for damages? If I do pursue the small claims route, is there any possibility that they can bring up anything about the cleaning services as an excuse as to why they never paid? It seems to me that the window for that has passed after 45 days, but I have no experience in this area.

Any advice is appreciated, thanks.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;