 Is it legal for a parent to charge rent to their child that is over 18, but shares a bedroom with the parent, has no room for possessions, and the parents “forces” (threatens to kick out) their child to pay for a car that the mother claims she has put thousands of dollars into the value of the car with routine maintenance as needed. Or is there any advice for the person living in this situation? Asking for a friend.  They can kick her out but they cannot take money from her against her will.  Nah, jokes are funny.  Friend needs to get their own bank account (preferably at a bank where the parents do not have accounts) and deposit the checks there. That might be a good option for her. I’ll send that advice her way.  Unfortunately, your friend doesn't have many options. Can she take out a one time school loan so get out? She’s trying, but her mom takes all the money from her paychecks and can not afford to move out. She has no money. It’s a rough situation.  They are in college, they are one of my best friends and they’re trying to stick it out until the fall when we can try to get an apartment together. But her mom makes her pay rent which is essentially all her paychecks, so she’s trying to hide money so she can get out.  I just want to point out that the 18 year old without a room of his own would technically be considered homeless. But the parents can absolutely force the 18 year old to pay rent. However, if they try to kick him out, they would likely have to legally evict him through the courts but the 18 year old shouldn't do that cause then they'd end up with an eviction on their record. If the 18 year old is still in high school then have them talk to the counselor at school to find out if there is any help for homeless students. I'm pretty sure it was a joke telling OP that if they don't like it they can leave.  Over the age of 18 it’s not running away. Also bad advice if he was under  Show them you won't be bullied. Run away from home. Both parties are adults. One party is in control of the property, assuming they are allowed to lease to the other party. The party in control of the property can choose to rent to the adult or choose not to. Essentially the "adult" (not child) can pay rent or move out. If they fight the parent on this the parent can serve with notice to vacate and potentially evict the "adult". The "adult" would be wise to avoid an eviction on their record. You mean can an adult require another adult living with them to pay rent or leave? Yes. yes, it is legal to charge an adult rent. your friend should find a new living situation They can pay rent or move out. 