Online a local newspaper website there is an article saying that I got arrested. I was actually falsely arrested because cops are stupid and the case was dismissed and I got it expunged. Yet, the website webmaster refuses to remove it! I told him there is no police record of the incident anymore (i have legal paperwork) but he says "just because you got it removed from the reports doesn't mean that it didn't happen" then hung up the phone!! Should I come with a lawyer? Is that even legal... The newspaper privileged to publish true information about you, if it deems it newsworthy. If they print false information about you you can ask for a correction or a retraction. If what was published was true at the time it was published, you can’t force them to do any thing. 

The paper is also free to peruse police reports and publish details of people charged with crimes. They don’t have to follow those cases and publish anything else about them. 

In college ten million years ago I got cited for possession of weed. It was in the campus paper in their “these folks got arrested on campus last week” decision. As a first offender I was offered diversion and went to a drugs are bad m’kay class and the charges were dropped. The college paper didn’t do a story on that. Because nobody gave a fuck except me. 

Edit. I type on mobile. I tend to edit to fix the first of what are probable multiple typos that I see after hitting send.  &gt; I've never been charged with anything 

I think you might be confusing "charged" and "convicted". Nothing needs to happen. You were arrested and charged. Later it was dismissed and expunged. Nothing is going to happen to the article In that case..the content just needs to update the facts to what the judge has ruled? Or if the change is reflected then it should say that I was arrested but not charged? You said the case was dismissed. That means you were charged. Just because facts later change doesn't mean the article can be removed Even if the content posted is totally incorrect?? Says online that I was arrested AND charged... but I've never been charged with anything according to police records and the court system Yes, it is legal.  You have no right to have the article removed