I witnessed a car accident. T-bone accident as the internet calls it. I was behind this lady at the intersection (we were trying to turn left on yellow). She got hit and seems to be at fault in my opinion. Other witnesses say she definitely was NOT at fault. The next day, the lady called me and said to lie to car insurance investigators and in return she'll give me a couple hundred dollars. Whats the worst thing that can happen if I lie?  It's not worth committing a felony for hundreds or even thousands of bucks Of course you can. You aren't just lying, you're being paid to lie. This isn't "OMG I told a white lie and said you don't look fat!" You want to be paid to commit insurance fraud. Your false testimony will at minimum cost someone money. Don't lie. Changing your story now isn't going to look good. Plus what if those other witnesses were also bribed? If they have a chance of heart and confesses everything would fall apart.  It's still not worth it. It could potentially ruin your whole life Other witnesses say she was NOT at fault. Im saying she is at fault but I dont know if its worth lying for a couple of bucks There is insurance involved. Lying to insurance to get money is insurance fraud, which is a crime. You stand a lot more to lose than you stand to gain.  Not a lawyer, but I’m pretty sure that if the insurance company catches wind of it you could be on the hook for committing (or at least acting as an accessory to) insurance fraud; which will probably cost you a lot more than a few hundred bucks, and possibly even some jail time.  I can go to jail if I am just a lying witness? Nobody got hurt. Just car damage Insurance fraud, among other things. You mean if you commit perjury in a court of law on behalf of someone bribing and tampering with a witness? Which are, you know, crimes in and of themselves. Crimes whose punishment would depend on where you are.

If you don't care about the person at fault being held accountable, and you don't care about the potential to fuck over the victims, then at least don't do it so that you don't go to jail. You can go to jail or be sued depending on how this turns out. This is fraud. Do not lie. You could go to jail quite a long time. Don't do it, especially if there were other witnesses. Just tell them what you saw and move on