He is supposed to buy groceries for kids but keeps overdrafting his account for video game purchases and she's had to ask family for money for food. He blames everything on her and belittles her constantly even though she is tge one working and parenting 3 kids, 1 isn't even hers. Any advice? This is Virginia. Oh yeah... I hated that she put him on the deed but she had no credit! She paid everything in cash which is great...until you need credit. It's just a bad situation that of course no one wanted.
 Yes and worse, if he does not want to sell, she will have to pay a lawyer and go to court to force the issue. It is also possible that they would split any equity in the property even with him not paying. Then he may still need to be evicted if he refuses to leave, depending on the circumstances.

A better option, if possible, and she'd still need a lawyer here, would be to buy him out and become the only one on the mortgage and the title. Definitely lawyer time and the bank would have to agree.

&amp;#x200B; If he's on the deed/title, BOTH of them would have to agree to sell, because it belongs to BOTH of them.

This is why it's recommended that unmarried individuals don't buy property together.  When things end, it gets messy.  There are divorce courts to split assets when a marriage ends.  They don't have boyfriend/girlfriend court when a relationship ends. So despite her being the only one to pay anything on it, her only choice is to sell? If he's on the deed/title, no he can't be given a notice to vacate.  He would be an owner of the property and has every right to stay there as your friend's daughter. But he could be given 30 days notice to vacate regardless of him being on the mortgage and possibly the deed/title? I don't know if he's on the deed or title.  If he's on the title of the house as well as the mortgage, no, she can't just kick him out.  He would be an owner of the home as well as your friend's daughter.

Regardless of whether he's on the title or not, if he lives there, he has tenancy.  In Virginia, he would have to be given 30 days notice to vacate. I am a fucking idiot and missed the most obvious part in the title. Divorce may not be an option, depending on jurisdiction. Whether long-term cohabiting couples who never formally marry can divorce or not varies a lot. A family law attorney may well end up referring her to a real estate attorney for a partition suit. If there is physical abuse, she should call the police and possibly file for a restraining order.

~~She should file for divorce.~~

If they are both on the title of the house, they both can stay there and have equal right to the property.

She should speak to a real estate lawyer.

Edit: Sorry, missed the obvious unmarried part. Are both on the deed as well, or just the mortgage? If both are on the deed, then no she cannot kick him out as it's technically his house as well. 