I opened my door to find a Police Officer's business card under my doormat, asking for me to contact him. I called and it went to voicemail, so I left a message. But I have no idea what this could be about, I haven't done anything wrong, or witnessed anything. So, what could this possibly be about? Should I be careful about what I say? I live in Northern California. Well he can't come back with more information unless he really knows what they want? Like, do you really think they're going to stop looking at you for something because you avoid them? 🤔

You're better off at least knowing, if that's the case. None of anyone's grandiose hysterics here makes any sense whatever the case may be.  &gt;If they're investigating you and suspect something, you'll probably eventually be arrested whether you talk to them or not.

This is BAD rationale.  Honestly, it sounds pretty close to "nothing to hide, nothing to fear".  And police often pretend like they don't suspect you of anything in order to draw you into a false sense of security while questioning you.  Personally, I wouldn't return a policeman's call or card or whatever, especially if they didn't say what they wanted to talk about.

&gt;Well, gee, I guess no crimes will ever get solved then.

Not OP's problem.  Not my problem.  Not your problem.  I might feel differently if OP said they had witnessed an obvious crime or something, but OP did not witness a crime.  The best way for OP to legally protect themselves considering they have no idea what this is about is to not talk to the police.  If OP comes back with more information, then maybe that advice changes. [deleted] Well, gee, I guess no crimes will ever get solved then. 

If they're investigating you and suspect something, you'll probably eventually be arrested whether you talk to them or not. Them leaving a card under your door is a pretty innocuous situation, even on the faintest bit of face value imaginable here.  Talking to the police always carries some risk and you have no way of knowing if they're investigating you.  They are allowed to lie and say they are investigating someone else.  You should always be very careful talking to police.  It is typically of no benefit to you to talk to them unless you are reporting a crime.  It's a judgement call only you can make, but the best way tonprotect yourself from criminal charges is to never talk to the police. Thanks for clearing it up! I also remember in his voicemail, that he said he was a Detective. My father is assuming that he's contacting me for information, and already has a case on someone I may know. Right, that was more so directed at other comments and more that are sure to come about "consulting a lawyer" over this when there's absolutely no reason to. If you don't know anything about whatever is going on, then say that. They don't know what you know until they ask.  I'm not afraid of the police or being arrested. I have a great respect for officers, this is just completely out of the blue and I was curious if anyone had any advice regarding the situation. I know I haven't done anything, I'm just not interested in being interrogated or questioned about something I have no involvement with. No conspiracies here, this sub just came to mind immediately when I had questions about it. It could be about anything...you won't know until you speak to him. Maybe something happened in your neighborhood and they're looking for information. Every bit of contact with police isn't some grand conspiracy to arrest you. Geez.  You have no obligation to call them.

It would be wisest not to talk to them without consulting a lawyer anyways. 