On mobile so apologies for that.
I recently moved from a studio apartment to a one bedroom apartment in the same complex. My landlord informed us that a pipe busted and messed up the room underneath in our old apartment and that she wants us to pay for the damages. The only problem is we moved out of that apartment 12 days before the damage occurred (this is recorded on the lease and through texts). According to her we left 2 windows open (honestly can't remember if we did) and were supposed to put a heater facing the pipes before we left (she never said this and I don't have any texts of her asking for this. Besides it's not our responsibility to heat an apartment we don't live in. Not to mention the hazard of having a heater unwatched in an empty apartment) would rather not pay for damages and I'm not even sure we legally should have to. That's what a security deposit is for, right? Still I'm unsure what to do here. Do I legally have to pay for the damages?  If the lease hadn't ended, they all had a responsibility to heat the apartment to prevent this, and they would be responsible for the damages.  If the lease ended when you gave the keys to the landlord, then at that moment the unit stopped being your problem.

ETA: However, a lease does not necessarily end when keys are surrendered.  If the lease was still in your name when the damage occurred, you are liable - but as you point out, that's why you have a damage deposit.  Key surrender only ends a lease when both landlord and tenant agree that it does. No, you do not have to legally pay for damages. If you have pictures of where the pipe burst before you moved out, that is good evidence that you didn’t cause it. You do not have to place a heater anywhere nor close windows. The landlord is supposed to come to the house and check for damages immediately after you move out/the lease ends. Yes, that is what the security deposit is for, anyway. If you did not cause any damages and you have evidence that you didn’t leave the heat on on purpose, leave water running, etc (any type of vengeance one might to do a landlord when moving out their apartment), then you should inform her your lease ended on XX date, you left the house in the same condition as when you moved in, request your deposit back, and wait on her response. If she refuses to give the deposit back and pursues for additional charges, you can contact a landlord-tenant lawyer and explain the case. You sound good though. 