 I currently reside in Texas. I have subletted my apartment to a third party without my apartment management's consent. The third party has changed the locks and refuses to leave the apartment. Apartment management has been notified and the third party knows that they cannot be forcefully evicted out of the apartment legally. Will the apartment management have to file the eviction towards me, or is there an option to file an eviction towards the third party that refuses to leave? I am concerned about the management having to evict me because this will be left on my personal rental history. Thanks Our landlord is getting paid by us, the ones who have originally signed the lease contract with apartment management. We have continued to make the payments to the landlord, just the third party hasn't paid us.  As others have said you can proceed with eviction but if your landlord is not getting paid or the sublet or their actions (such as changing locks) are violations of your lease. Your landlord can move to evict you. My understanding would be its in the best interest of the management company to let you handle this. So as long as you dont get an eviction on your record for taking care of this, I say play ball and get her out. If you chose to become hostile, you could just move on after eviction by the landlord. They would have to deal with getting that person out, although you would be liable for damages incurred by the subletter. The subletter might be able to come after you for damages resulting from unlawfully renting a unit. I think the best case scenario is handling this yourself so long as your landlord can play ball, and getting it done. YOU are the landlord to the current tenant. Thank you so much! Didn't know this contract would serve in our favor this much. Thanks :) Yeah, honestly we sorta figured out she doesn't really care about her rental history/credit any of that. Thanks for your help! I just had one confusion i wanted to get clear on my side; the apartment management wasn't sure about this either. Technically, although I have contracted this apartment unit, the property itself does not belong to me. It will still be possible for me to personally file an eviction for my leased apartment towards subletter..is this correct? Thanks! Then yes, you, as his landlord for the sublet, can commence eviction procedures against him in accordance with TX law (notice to vacate, filing suit, win, evict..). You can get a lawyer to handle this if you do not feel comfortable doing so yourself. Yep this is fine then. If she is late on rent you have the right to serve a notice to vacate within 3 days. Smart people would move out quick. An eviction basically guarantees you will not be able to rent again for several years, although she might not care since shes a subletter, its possible she went after sublets for this very reason. Im guessing you didnt do a background check? Anyways after the notice to vacate is violated you will set her up for eviction. The eviction can happen as soon as you get your court date. If she doesnt show up its a default judgement and the police will come with you to remove the evicted party. Keep in mind you can pursue this woman later for owed rent and damages in small claims, however you might have trouble collecting if shes a piece of shit. I would get things moving ASAP so you can get a court date for the eviction set right away. Yes, they have violated the lease, and it specifies that "if party fails to pay rent, eviction proceedings will occur." Tenant did not pay the full rent. She had agreed upon paying 3 months rent, but has only completed 1 month payment. I believe a 3 day notice of vacating is not applicable because the said "tenant" has already "established residency" in the apartment. That being said, even the police/constables have no authority to evict "established residents" out of the apartment without a completed file of eviction (which takes at least 30days for verification). Yes. Have they violated the lease? Are there provisions for holdover?  Yeah this probably wont end well. Has the tenant failed to pay the agreed upon rent? If so you can provide a 3 day notice to vacate Tex. Prop. Code Ann. ยง 24.005. After three days if the tenant is not out you will file an eviction proceeding with the courts. Tenant will be royally fucked if they get an eviction. If they are paying rent this gets a bit more complicated but the first thing to investigate would be unauthorized augmentations to the apartment like changing the locks. As for YOUR situation, I really dont see how this doesnt end with you getting out easily. If you can manage the eviction of the subletter AND the apartment management doesnt manage to complete an eviction process against you, best case scenario is you having your lease terminated almost immediately and becoming liable for any damages incurred by the subletter. Its POSSIBLE if you are paying the landlord rent, but VERY unlikely. By evicting them, do you mean personally evicting them under my name instead of the management having to evict them? I had made them sign a contract that I had created on my own, specifying the said move-out date...wasn't so sure if this self-created contract would legally come into my advantage. You can possibly evict them. Did you have them sign a lease? If so, have they violated it?