I'm in Canada. I have a problem with a bank that is periodically making "soft" checks of my credit history. The kind of inquiry made to maintain an account rather than the kind to open a new credit account and so I know it isn't an issue of identity fraud. I understand that this has no financial impact on me and does not affect my credit score, but it is an invasion of my privacy for this bank to monitor my credit history and they have no right to do so as I do not have any open accounts with them.  
  
  
My history with that bank are as follows: 10 years ago I had a contractor build a garage for me and it was financed through a small lender that was then bought up by this bank. This account was paid in full and closed 8 years ago. 5 years ago I purchased a new truck and the dealership financed through this bank. I paid the account in full a few months later in 2014. I have no dealings this bank besides these old closed accounts.  
  
  
For three years I have been getting my semi-annual free credit history from Equifax and Transunion and finding that this bank is making inquiries every 4-6 months on my credit history. I have been calling them to stop it every 6 months for those 3 years. Each time I get passed around from department to department like a hot potato. I went through a branch, told to go through their customer care department. Customer care tells me to go to a branch. Customer care tells me to try their auto loans division. Auto loans division tells me to go their personal lending division etc etc. Sometimes someone will tell me that they've fixed the problem, when all they've done is asked Equifax to remove the item from my report showing that they've made an inquiry. But then there's another one 4-6 months later. 


It has been ongoing for 3 years and they're unwilling to do anything about it, most of them telling me it's "not a big deal because it's only a soft inquiry and doesn't affect your credit score" and imply that I'm overreacting and should just let them continue monitoring my credit. I understand most people aren't as concerned as they should be about their personal data being stockpiled, but I am. I do not want this bank snooping on my credit history without my permission. But I can't get them to stop.     


This bank withdrew from the government ombudsman program and the ombudsman that they replaced it with will not speak with me without a letter from their customer care department, who won't stop passing the buck to other departments.  


In June, someone at this bank thought the problem was the auto loan wasn't correctly closed and so they "fixed" it and sent updates to the credit bureaus. Another check by me 2 weeks ago now shows the account reported as "in dispute" at one of the bureaus. The bank shrugs me off and tells me to open an investigation through the credit bureau. The credit bureau tells me to take it up with the bank.  


I'm frustrated enough to get a lawyer involved. Do I have a legal leg to stand on to force the bank to stop making inquiries on my credit, destroy the data they've inappropriately collected, and get my time and legal costs compensated? I don't think my story is interesting enough to get a media troubleshooter to take it up, though I'm sure it's much more widespread than just my case, just that people don't know or care enough about it. I can't speak to Canada, but in the U.S. many companies aren't required to get your consent for a soft pull, including credit card companies. 