Met the founders of a startup a couple years ago and they asked if I could help them facilitate a capital raise.  I said sure and a finder’s fee agreement was put together by the company’s lawyer.

Most of the capital was raised through a friends and family exemption.  Including a significant investment of my own.  The founders and lawyer knew that most of the money, including my own capital were coming in via the F&amp;E exemption.  They also knew that I would need a board seat for exemption to apply.  

Today I find out from the lawyer that you can’t receive a finder’s fee for investments solicited from friends and family.  Wasn’t in the paperwork but is a very real regulation.  I have a sweat equity agreement with them as well so I suggested voiding the finder’s fee contract and allocating that equity to the other contract.  They agree, saying that’s what they had in mind as well.

Then they say they’ve given it some thought and that they’d rather not compensate me for the money I had invested.  I pushed back suggesting this had never been discussed previously and it sounded unusual for a sales role not to be compensated for a sale, even if they were the ones spending the money.  They got upset and said they could just not pay me for the friends and family if I wanted to be difficult.

We’re going to address it at the board level.  I’m gonna try and isolate what’s on paper from what was agreed to in good faith.

I’m waiting to hear back from the lawyer on why he never gave us a heads up on any of this.   Sorry, I thought the Vancouver, BC location tag was enough.  I'll repost with the text included. Location matters. Without any other info, reread the agreement to see if it lists any exceptions (even vague ones) and ask the lawyer to cite the regulation they believe invalidates the finder's fee. Read your specific agreements regarding your equity. I'm not surprised that they're pushing back on you effectively getting extra equity for a personal investment and I'd think something is going to say there was an exception for it.