I want to note that I am fully aware there are good reasons I've been having issues doing this, and I'm perfectly fine with paying taxes, not trying to dodge that, but I have other concerns with people knowing my name.

I've recently taken a more active position in a community I am in. The problem here is this community is very broad, and, without going into a whole lot of detail, I am substantially safer if less people know my legal first name. This makes it an issue whenever I transfer small amounts of cash between people (usually $10-15, and it's someone paying me back or vice versa, not a whole lot of cash is transferred and it's always agreed on in advance) and whenever I do this, it is either with paypal or my bank account, both of which like to flaunt my full name to people. I HATE this. I do not want people to know that name.

It can be a business name or an alias, but I want a debit card an account where I can take money without giving away my legal name to others. How can I do this?

Edit: the bot doesn't like me apparently. USA Ohio [removed] If you're really just talking about $10 or $15, then either pay cash or ask the person (to give or to accept) an Amazon (Starbucks, Target, whatever) gift card.  

But cash is really the most practical solution. The real person behind a DBA can readily be looked up, and an LLC is not a practical solution here. When I signed up for my business account the card was sent in my business name so you may need to set up a new account but I'm not sure. If you call Paypal they can tell you what you need to do based on what you already have set up.  [deleted] You can set up a business PayPal account where it will show the business name and not your name. You can also get a debit card with that account also.  If you are not comfortable with people knowing your name, reconsider the community.  All banks and bank type apps are going to require your real name due to know your customer (KYC) requirements.  You could create an LLC to take payments, but then you are going to have hundreds of dollars per year in filing fees and at the end of the day people could back track the LLC to see who is behind it.  You can then try to bury yourself further behind registered agents and obfuscation in the articles of organization, but ultimately if someone wants to find out who you are they will be able to do so. &gt;  I HATE this. I do not want people to know that name.

TS. Either do business in person with cash or you're going to use some electronic method that CAN be attached to your name. Form a LLC or a DBA and conduct business in the other name.