Hello, my mom lives in Oregon, her elderly uncle who she was caring for and living with recently passed. He remarried about a decade ago and left everything to his wife Jill (not her real name) in his will, so now the house, money and everything is in Jill's name. Jill and my mom don't get along and things have been worsening since her uncle passed and is no longer there to act as a buffer. Before he passed my mom's uncle was in the process of getting her name on the deed with rights of survivorship to ensure Jill was unable to sell the house without permission but he died before that happened. There was a letter written with a lawyer to that effect but her Uncle never got into the office to have it notarized before he passed so Jill is the sole owner of the house now as per the will. Jill is rapidly spending her widow's inheritance and is becoming hostile to my mom and reminding her who owns the house. My mom is concerned Jill will run out of money and mortgage the house or kick her out. My mom just got back from an extended trip and found Jill had been selling things while she was gone, some of my mom's stuff is now missing. Jill told my mom this week she will not be putting my mom's name on the deed and Jill may change her will to no longer leave the house to my mom. I'm worried Jill will put my mom out on the street and we have no recourse because the paperwork wasn't finalized before her uncle passed. I assume we're SOL and Jill gets to do what she wants with the house and my mom will at best have renter rights to not be kicked out of the home her uncle promised her. If it came to Jill trying to sell the house or evict my mom would her uncle's un-notarized letter carry any weight on trying to prevent that? I assume we're legally SOL and my mom has no claim to the house but would love to hear options. My mom and Jill are both post retirement age.  Mom can talk with a probate attorney to see if there is any remedy here for her. It isn’t clear that she has any rights beyond those as a tenant in the home based on your description. 