I just got a credit report and I found out I've been put on a credit card as an authorized user. 

Said credit card hasn't been paid off in months and is negatively impacting my credit. I've tried contacting family members but none of them even have an account with that credit card company. I've tried calling the credit card company but the automated robot won't even let me speak to anyone without having the primary holder's information whom I don't even know. I recently moved away from home and the bank doesn't even have any locations remotely near me.

I just started my life with my girlfriend, moving across the country on our own. I'm afraid this mystery credit card will ruin my credit and I won't be able to get loans and such in the near future.  When I worked in banking I was a credit analyst I dealt with this several times! You should be able to hit 0 or # to get to a person. 

They will need some sort of information to pull up the account. The SSN of account owner or account number would be preferred but they may be able to try with First Name, Last Name, Zip Code (where statements would be sent), and Phone Number. 

From there they should be able to verify that you are an AU and can put in a request to have you removed. I also highly recommend you ask for a phone number to call directly to the department assisting you, so that if you have to call later you don't have to worry about the IVR.

It is very important to note that even though you are removed from the account you may not see the trade disappear from your credit. It may just show as "no longer associated" which a lender would understand but it won't change your score. 
You should be able to request that they dispute the trade with the credit bureaus to remove the trade, they will not offer.

As a general note, any changes made to the credit bureaus take 30-60 days before being actually updated.

Hope this helps! This has come up here before recently, and in fact happened to me as well in the last 2 weeks.  Fortunately for me, I know how the person and know how it happened, and the person is up to date with payments, so I wasn't harmed.

You can call the card issuer which others have said.  If the card is a bank card, you can call them directly (though the numbers are likely the same).  But also contact the credit reporting agencies and dispute the account.  That will at least get the credit score situation handled sooner rather than later. If you press "0" enough times you'll get a person on the phone.
 Try repeatedly hitting 0. That sometimes works getting past the robot I've tried calling them and the robot keeps asking me for information like the primary user's social, account number or card number which I don't know anything of. I've tried different numbers on their websites but it's always the same thing. This is almost always just as simple as calling the card company and saying "I don't want to be an authorized user anymore."