A few months ago I had a $600 item stolen from my car behind my house. The next day I filed a police report and was assigned an investigator. I was constantly checking Craigslist and FB Marketplace for stuff. Finally today as I was going to accept the loss and replace what was stolen I did one last FB Marketplace search, low and behold my item with ALMOST an exact match was there. This guys profile is also brand new and is selling other most likely stolen items. I am 99% sure this is my stuff so I call my investigator that was assigned my case. I got no answer so I left a voicemail. I also sent the thief a low ball offer to see if he would accept it and I would have just paid him and be done with it but he asked for double my initial offer but still only a quarter of what the item is worth. I am not paying that much to a thief so I told him no and let me know if you change your mind. Next I called the non emergency line for my police department and had a couple officers come out and see what they could do. They took down information and called my investigator on his personal line. Turns out my investigator is off today but they mentioned the department could approve OT for him to come tonight but I'm not getting my hopes up. He will be back on Monday. The Thief messaged me back and said he would meet in the middle on our offers which is still too much for me to pay him. So I am not sure what to do. I am thinking about responding and saying I get paid Monday and I could pay you then so maybe he will hold onto them for the weekend until the investigator is back. I am also considering trying to get a meet spot from him tonight and calling the cops again and hope they can help me. I also kind of want another picture to guarantee they are mine but I am confident they are and I don't want him to post the pictures on the post because currently the only picture he has is bad quality and I doubt anyone would go for it at the current asking price. If he posts better pictures however it will go very quick. Or I could just say nothing and pray the cops handle it. I am in the US. I just bought the irons off eBay so have receipts and pictures of them lost my 7 iron so bought another on eBay and has a different grip than the rest of the set. Bought a wedge off eBay too that’s in the bag. I bought the grip on the driver off eBay too and haven’t seen any of the grips in the picture he posted. He only posted 1 crappy picture. Idk if I have serials though but could possibly get it from the eBay seller.  Did this item have a serial number that you can trace back to you?  Does it have any other identifying marks that would prove that it was yours (your name etched into it)?  Unless you can prove that it's yours, it's unlikely the police will be able to do anything about it.   I’m not any sort of expert but I’ve seen this happen with friends and family so many times. Unfortunately the cops usually aren’t much help. It would take a lot of hard evidence for them to be able to “convict” that guy and get your stuff back. What usually seems to happen is that they will go talk to the guy and turns out they can’t do anything about it. This is bad advice but I would just pay the guy or replace the item another way. 