Port Huron, Michigan - Backstory: My nephew's girlfriend lives with her mom that lives off of Section 8 Housing and the government. She is supposed to move in with her father at an unknown date (unknown to me). My sister doesn't want my nephew to spend time at his girlfriend's house because of his girlfriend saying that her mother's boyfriend doesn't like him. 

Current Situation: My nephew has convinced her (the girlfriend) that it is OK to spend every day and night at our house, he never asked for permission to allow her to stay over for more than one night. This has been going on for about a month now. I can wake up at 6am getting ready for work, enter his bedroom to turn on his lights so he will wake up and she is there. Then after school she comes to our house and spends the night...rinse and repeat. They even SKIP school together and that is where I worry. 

Question: Is there any way I can have her removed from my home with little legal fuss or do I have to take legal actions? 

Reasoning: My parents, and rest of the family, are too...weak...to openly say they want her out of the house. That she should be with her mother, or her father (who are divorced and I think switching custody of her) but I'm not. I want her out. If she continues to skip school and the school calls the mother asking where her daughter is...I'm worried that she will lie and say that we have kidnapped her in hopes to gain money. 
You could say that my family could simply have a great case against the mother and the charges would be dropped but I know my family, they wouldn't hold their alibis in court or their stories would change from pressure and lack of understanding of how law and the court works. Meaning we'd then get sued for kidnapping a child that we literally don't even want in our house. 

Important Note: This is obviously not MY house, this is my father's house. I have yet to ask him to talk to my nephew about the girl because he feels that it is his mother's responsibility to talk to him. But then my sister feels that it isn't a problem...but I'm worried that if it does become a problem, it will become a huge legal problem of kidnapping. 
I don't want to wait until they graduate to have her removed from the house. This isn't right, if she doesn't feel safe at home then CPS needs to be called and she needs to be put in a home for children until she can find a way to move in with her father or a foster family. Not us, we are not a foster family and we don't take in foster kids.

Summary: 
1. He never asked permission for her to stay here in the first place. 
2. She should be with a parent or guardian in case of an emergency, she has diabetes and we are not her legal guardians and would be questioned if she had to be sent to the hospital. 
3. She should be with a parent or legal guardian in general since she is going through a switch of legal guardians from her mother to her father. Either one should be taking care of her at the moment. Not us. 
4. Future skipping school can be considered kidnapping even if the mother is honest and says "X family has her" it becomes "X family HAS her....hostage?" to police because...why isn't she going to school if she is fine and just casually at our place?
5. Can I just call the police and have them remove her from my home and have them get a CPS worker down to the station to look into her case? To have it pushed further up so she can have an actual home to go to that isn't mine? 

 [removed] I doubt they are having sex, the walls are too thin in this house for them to be doing that here at least. Not sure about outside of this house.  I think she is 16 or 17.  Just so that you know, the age of consent in Michigan is 16 and there is no close-in-age exception. That means that if either your nephew or his girlfriend is 16 and they are having any type of sex, not only are they breaking the law but so is any adult in the household who is allowing it to happen.

This doesn't help you directly, but may give you ammunition if you ask the homeowner to do something. There's a big difference between "I don't really want to get involved" and "If I don't say something I could be charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor". How old is the girl? Not your house. Not your circus. Not your monkeys.  [deleted] Considering it's not your house, no there's nothing you can do.