TL:DR im worried because of a possible child porn allegation against my bf

This was removed from relationships and recommended to post here, hope it's appropriate for this group. 

I (f30) was at my bfs (m32) house last week and the cops pounded on the door. They confirmed his identity and said this is about child porn we'd like to ask you a question. They asked him about an email address that's similar to his but different and another that's not similar to his at all, as far as I know, obviously it's possible he has emails I'm not aware of right. They asked if he lived at this address during a certain month a couple years ago. They said there was a file shared on fb a couple years ago and told him it's illegal to receive or share (I can't remember exactly, it was in French) he denies that he had seen child porn ever or had those email addresses ever. He also said to me in the past he hasn't had fb in almost a decade, back when msn was popular, and when he did he only tried it for a day to check it out. To them he said he doesn't have fb or other sm. He told them none of this is true, it's not him, and they didn't really argue. They just said we've had this file open for 2 years and now we're going to close it, but just so you know, even sharing something like that on fb is illegal. They didn't ask about any of his email addresses that I know about or to see his computer or phone. It wasn't hostile at all besides pounding on the door, my bf even said to them, this is embarrassing in front of my gf. He mentioned after they left that he used to have some friends over who used his wifi. And that he thinks someone (friend or stranger) hacked his (landlords) wifi whatever that means and caused this, and that now he needs to look over bank statements and check and change everything. Could the cops be wrong? I don't know much about police procedures with surveillance at all. This is in Montreal, police are kind of accused of racism sometimes especially to aboriginal and black people my bf is another racial minority. My bf just had a clean criminal record check for an application (hes not working or volunteering with children btw) so coincidentally I know for sure that he doesn't have a record, and we are child free and not around children. Coincidentally I had previously asked him how long he had his computer and it was over 5 years. I've known him for a year and he's always said he doesn't use Facebook and I've never doubted that. We're together all the time. And he's really nice I've always been impressed with his morals. Would you be worried? Anything I should ask him? Or investigate myself? Thank you. My instinct says to trust him but I'm not knowledgeable about police work or IT so I'm doubting myself I don't think he needs a lawyer unless the he gets arrested or the police come back asking more questions.

I'm not sure about how it is in Canada but in the US nothing you say to police can be used to help you, only incriminate you. That is why it is advised to refuse to answer questions from the police without your own lawyer being present. Thanks for responding 
Do you think he needs a lawyer even if he has never viewed let alone shared?
Or you're assuming he has viewed from my story? I'm not a lawyer but if they had anything on him they would have arrested him or at least confiscated all the computers in the house. I wouldn't worry too much about this but would suggest getting a lawyer if the police come back asking more questions.