There’s a house that seems perfect for my family and I know I could get a decent deal on it because it’s been cosmetically ruined by trespassers. I’m almost positive hardly anyone else will touch it especially since they’re still living there. There’s a good chance the trespassers might still be there if we buy the house and if they are I was wondering if anyone knew how we would legally get them out. They seem to have been there for a while despite the real estate agent insisting they’re trying to remove them. The house is not in foreclosure. My husband did see meth pipes when he walked in on them when we were walking through the house. I’m wondering if they keep breaking back in whenever someone comes to remove them.  In our area they tell people not to pick up plastic bottles thrown away outside as they can make meth in them and toss when they are done. Bottles can explode and are toxic (We have a 10 cent bottle return) to just call the Cops when you see them. Good Luck He said they did not have the stuff to cook there He said they didn’t have the stuff to cook there  No not much space needed as there have been mobile ones found in vehicles.  I think that there are very different methods of doing it, depending on the size of the operation.

 My husband is friends with the local cops and said he already reported them when we were there yesterday but his friends response was that whenever they come to remove them from the property they aren’t there so they just remove their stuff but then they move back in. He didn’t say anything about the drugs.  Do they need space to cook meth? Idk anything about it but they don’t have a lot of room and I feel like if they were cooking it they would have been angrier that my husband just walked into the room they were in. It’s like a bedroom area that they’re in, not much more space than that.  &gt; *I'd also really worry about the chemicals there if there's a lot of meth use happening. They may not be cooking it there, but there could be a lot of biohazards in the building and dangerous chemicals in the walls, carpet, etc., that could be bad for your family*.

This should be up at the top.  

OP, this house may no longer be habitable.  There's no guarantee that the squatters aren't cooking meth.  Proceed very, very carefully.

 IANAL.

Do you know if any legal actions have been taken against the trespassers? Are they just being kicked out over and over or actually arrested? From what I can see by Googling, it doesn't look like they would ever be able to stay based on [squatter's rights in NC](https://legalbeagle.com/7896572-north-carolina-squatters-rights.html). But if they're getting arrested and returning, you may not be able to keep them out if they're that determined.

If I were you, I'd wait until the real estate agent confirmed that they had gotten rid of them to buy the property; there seems like a lot of risk involved if you buy before that. If you did decide to go ahead and buy, I'd make sure you've got plenty of No Trespassing signs up and that you're not shy about calling the police to get them removed if they show up again. But there could also be retaliation from them, which could be really bad and potentially hard to prove.

I'd also really worry about the chemicals there if there's a lot of meth use happening. They may not be cooking it there, but there could be a lot of biohazards in the building and dangerous chemicals in the walls, carpet, etc., that could be bad for your family. I believe there are companies you can hire that will do cleanup of this sort of thing, but it could be expensive. OP- You should see who owns the house, and make them an offer on it conditional on removing the current tenants (squatters) prior to you taking ownership. Call the cops report your findings. If they have enough evidence they can get a warrant and search the area hopefully scarring the squatters.