My roommate, let's call him B took over the lease of my old roommate (let's call him A). Roommate A left all the furniture he owns in the apartment (also in his room such as the bed, bed frame and tables). He posted an ad saying that the room is fully furnished. Roommate A did not sell any of the furniture to Roommate B. Since Roommate A is leaving, he asked Roommate B to pay him the security deposit (lease).

Fast forward to last week, I was out of the country and Roommate B moved out. I guess it was my fault for letting him move out without me. I just discovered that he emptied the room and took all the stuff that was owned by Roommate A. I sent him a message and he said that he bought it from Roommate A. When I asked A, he said he's 99% sure that he did not sell it. He also told me that when he paid the security deposit (in essence), he also bought the items in the room.

Now my question is, what can I do about this? I have a new roommate who will be moving in and I advertised the room to be fully furnished. Can Roommate B just assume he owns the stuff that was left in the room where he was staying -- even if he did not buy them?

Note: Roommate B and I are going to meet tomorrow since I haven't signed the Roommate Clearance yet. I guess if you look at it from Roommate B's perspective, he rented a room that the previous occupant had generously left behind his furniture in.  Roommate A had no reason to think he could store the furniture there indefinitely.  What was his plan if Roommate B or his successor said they didn't want the furniture and wanted an empty room? I'd refuse to sign the release until he returns what he stole, but IANAL and /r/legaladvice would probably be your best next stop.

Be sure to keep us posted.  I think you should tell roommate B that if he doesn’t return the furniture you’ll call the cops, the threat might work. But otherwise the hassle of suing him is probably not worth it, either buy new furniture or inform the new tenants that you made a mistake in renting to roomie B.  It's more of a lease takeover. So Roommate A just left it there. Did Roommate A sublease the room or transfer the lease?  I would expect any leftover furniture in an apartment when I take over the lease to be abandoned unless stated otherwise by the landlord.  It would actually be a civil matter. Roommate A would have to sue in court, probably small claims depending on the amount. 
 I agree. Unfortunately roommate A isn't in the US anymore so I'm not sure if he can report roommate B. IANAL, but no, just because Roomate B thought that the furniture is included with the security deposit, doesn't mean that it is. It sounds like he is mainly returning A's security deposit to him, and was paying the security deposit himself. If B still wishes to not return the furniture, then that is in essence him just taking the furniture (theft). At this point it would be up to roommate A to report this and proceed from there. 