This situation is full of details and things so I’m going to try to summarize and if someone is kind enough to offer any advice, I’d be happy to answer any questions. 

I had to leave work for a medical condition. I was out for almost a month and a half. My company has a third party disability company that it works with to approve medical leaves. I’ve had medical leaves before and have not had the trouble I’m having now. 

I was late submitting my paperwork to the disability company by a few days. In the past, this has not been a problem. The company has an appeals process and my paperwork has always been late (doctors offices don’t always understand the urgency). The appropriate paperwork was submitted and waited for approval. Meanwhile, my doctor provided a note that indicated I was able to return to work. 

That was 45 days or more ago. My HR department tells me that returning to work is a decision made by my local bosses and not the company at large. My boss will not return my phone calls or emails. The last time I heard from him was right before Thanksgiving and he apologized and said he had a death in the family and that was the reason he hasn’t followed up. He promised to follow up right away. He hasn’t. It’s been a week. 

Meanwhile, the disability company called me this afternoon and told me that my claim couldn’t be approved because I haven’t returned to work yet. I hope my predicament is clear. My company won’t allow me to return to work (which is their prerogative to my understanding) and the disability company won’t provide my company with a medical approval because I haven’t returned. 

I spoke with a lawyer on the phone but she didn’t sound confident about anything. She offered (with a thousand dollar retainer) to send a letter to my company asking for details but she wanted me that that could be an expensive and ineffective move and at a time when I have no income my money might be better spent elsewhere. 

I’m totally lost. I’m still an active employee and even collecting my stock and health benefits but I cannot make income because... well, I’m not really sure. My company sort of refuses to tell me what’s happening at all. I assume this is all pretense for terminating me. In the past, my company has terminated other people with medical leaves under the term “self termination” which means I wouldn’t even be able to collect. (Yes, eventually I read the writing on the wall and started looking for other income, unsuccessfully). 

I have so many questions. I have no idea if this is proper or it isn’t. I might be barking up a tree here but I have no idea. 

Any thoughts? I mean, even if it’s ‘get that lawyer’ or ‘cut and run’? Thanks so much for reading. I sincerely appreciate it.  Reposting this because thepatman thinks it's not useful to give advice about Unionizing:   


I'm  very sorry about what's happened to you. I've also been a victim of  employers punishing people for being sick, so I understand exactly what  you're going through.

I just want to say  what no one around here will tell you -- employers know the legal  loopholes and actively find reasons to get rid of people who take too  much sick time. There's not much people like us can do, probably because  they think we're "taking advantage" of them. Lawyers won't bother with  cases like these.

Only advice I can  offer is to think like them -- keep track of all their mistakes,  unethical behavior, crappy work conditions, etc. Because they'll be  doing the same to you and all other employees that they suddenly decide  they don't want anymore. Talk to coworkers who might have gone through  similar situations and consider organizing/unionizing.

I  know this is probably not the response you were looking for, but I also  know how deafening silence can be for people who reach out for help  here.

Stay strong and know you're not  alone. Hopefully our society will eventually correct our  "work-to-death-and-don't-complain" mentality, but the only way we'll get  there is by arming ourselves with information and being aware of how  much employers/companies are allowed to get away with. I'm very sorry about what's happened to you. I've also been a victim of employers punishing people for being sick, so I understand exactly what you're going through. 

I just want to say what no one around here will tell you -- employers know the legal loopholes and actively find reasons to get rid of people who take too much sick time. There's not much people like us can do, probably because they think we're "taking advantage" of them. Lawyers won't bother with cases like these.

Only advice I can offer is to think like them -- keep track of all their mistakes, unethical behavior, crappy work conditions, etc. Because they'll be doing the same to you and all other employees that they suddenly decide they don't want anymore. Talk to coworkers who might have gone through similar situations and consider organizing/unionizing. 

I know this is probably not the response you were looking for, but I also know how deafening silence can be for people who reach out for help here. 

Stay strong and know you're not alone. Hopefully our society will eventually correct our "work-to-death-and-don't-complain" mentality, but the only way we'll get there is by arming ourselves with information and being aware of how much employers/companies are allowed to get away with. 