Last night I was at a big bar in auburn with friends and it was raining. I happened to slip down the steps(inside the building). I scratched my back and left bruises on my elbows, back, hipbones, and hit my head. There was no wet floor sign. After I contacted someone about the incident, they bandaged me up, got all of my friends together and opened a free tab for us. The owner also came up and offered me cash to pay for my outfit and gave me his number. 5 minutes after I slipped they then began putting salt on the steps and placed a wet floor sign. After waking up today and realizing the effort they was giving to sweep everything under the rug, they even allowed my friends and I to bring random girls up to the bar and get free drinks aswell. Is there any case here I can work up to a law suit? 

(I apologize for the bad grammar/wording. Just now waking up from a open tab at a huge college bar.) Not a Lawyer. Generally speaking, unless you can  
A) Show damages in excess of the tab plus the value of your outfit  (Usually actual costs, like medical bills)  
B) Show the owner or their representatives were actively negligent about the stairs - that they knew and didn't do anything  
You probably don't have a case. They provided medical care, free product, and have agreed to replace your outfit. Thanks for the clarification. All my friends kept saying to sue for a check. But didn’t want to go through a big ordeal if it was nothing. I’ll just chalk it up to a win for getting free $7 beers all night. Thanks. No, not if it wasn't accompanied by a release of liability. But if your damages were $50, and the bar gave you $50 worth of compensation, you would have no uncompensated damages to recover.  So accepting the free tab excludes me from any further compensation? i have never heard of damages being awarded due to emberassment. it seems to me that the establishment remedied the unsafe circumstances and offered you some fair compensation beyond what they were legally obliged. you could ask a lawyer, but you dont really have any real damages. It sounds like you already got compensation in excess of your damages.

&gt;5 minutes after I slipped they then began putting salt on the steps and placed a wet floor sign.

FYI, this is generally inadmissible as evidence of the bar's negligence.  I had a beer in my hand when I slipped, and no major damages outside of slipping in a room full of people and being laughed at and mocked. I have bruises and soreness but no broken bones. I had a beer in my hand when I slipped, and no major damages outside of slipping in a room full of people and being laughed at and mocked. I have bruises and soreness but no broken bones. [removed] compensation for what damages? did you need to go to the hospital?