 My mom got arrested in New Bern, NC, on January 10th, for misdemeanor larceny and possession of drug paraphernalia. All I know is that she was shoplifting and that the drug paraphernalia was definitely not for marijuana. She has been arrested before for possession of stolen goods and possession of heroin, a couple of different times. She is a drug addict. I have no other information, I'm sorry if this isn't enough, but can anybody tell me how long she might be in jail? Oh no problem, thanks very much! I will definitely check. I have no way of knowing right now which "class" of larceny + drug paraphernalia possession it would technically be, which makes it vary a lot depending. But I'll find out today either way. Oh I’m sorry, I completely missed the part where she got arrested the 10th. I incorrectly assumed she JUST got arrested. So her bond was denied already. So yes, todays court date will likely be her actual trial date. She will either be forced to pay a fine or serve jail time. Shoplifting in SC is 30days or a $2000 fine. Any time serves in jail awaiting trial she would be given credit for. Check the NC statutes to see what she is facing specifically. Thank you for your info- she is still in jail currently. She was not offered the opportunity to have somebody bail her out.  Thank you so much for this information. I am getting most of this news secondhand from my grandmother, as she is the one who told me about this, so I could definitely be misunderstanding her info on the court part of this (it was very brief). I think it is likely that she'll have to post bond, given that I'm pretty sure she's failed to show up to court before. My grandma says that she wasn't given bail in between the 10th and this court hearing, as in, she had to stay in prison. Does that affect the bond thing in any way? Also, my mom definitely doesn't have enough money to pay for a bond so she can be released. None of the family would be willing to help her out with this (nor does she deserve it). Does this mean she'll have to stay in jail either way? Thank you so much for your kind words. This didn't "blow up" in that sense of the word but these few really supportive responses have made me feel a little less shitty about the whole situation. Luckily I have lived with my dad since I was 12 because of my mom's questionable choices, so I'm not exactly unused to her not being around, and it won't affect me so much in the survival kind of way anymore. But she actually came to Thanksgiving and Christmas dinner this year, and... we all thought she was doing better. She was, for a while. It's discouraging to have this happen. You're right about her demons, and as I near an entirely new chapter of my life I'm definitely gonna focus on getting myself where I want to go. Your comment has made me feel so hopeful and reminded me of where I need to focus. I appreciate you so much and I hope you have a wonderful week (and life!) :) This is the sweetest thing anybody's ever said to me on here. I appreciate you so much. Luckily I do have an extremely loving family besides my mom, and hopefully will have a fantastic turn out :) I have lived with my dad since I was 12 and could never ask for anything better. Sometimes it just sucks to have her miss milestones like my prom and my graduation. Either way, you are an incredibly kind soul and I wish you all the best.  Hey, sorry you're in this situation. I don't know NC law, but I'm in SC. I doubt she has her trial tomorrow, as she won't have had any time to prepare a defense. She likely has a "bond hearing" tomorrow, which is the court session that determines if she is released from jail until her actual trial date. She can get a PR Bond (Personal Recognizance) which means that she is released without having to pay money and is free under her promise to come back to court. The judge will assess a variety of facts about the incident and her situation which could impact whether she gets a PR Bond or a "Cash Bond/Surety Bond" or gets bond denied. Some of these factors are meant to gauge how likely she is to come to court freely. If she has previous incidents of not coming to court, they may pose a cash bond to force her to have some incentive to show up. For example, if she has to pay $1000 to get out of jail, she will likely show up to court because she doesn't want to forfeit that money. They also factor in the ability to pay, flight risk, and the seriousness of the offense. In SC we don't have paraphernalia charges, so I can't speak to that. Typically our shopliftings get a PR Bond, even with criminal records. Possession of heroin here tends to get a cash bond, however, which can range from $1k to $50K depending on other factors. If the paraphernalia was for heroin and she has previous charges for heroin then she may have to post bond. Show up to her bond hearing and if she has to post bond, check with a "bail bondsman" to see if they can help out.  We deal with a lot of bad things on legaladvice, but those kinds of posts are the toughest to deal with - a kid should not have to suffer because of a parent's bad choices, and yet they do. OP, I am sorry that you will miss your mother again... but you are so close to being an independent adult that hopefully this additional missed time will not make a huge impact on your life. And please, understand that the best way to handle situations like this is to take care of yourself first - you have a long life ahead of you, and need to focus on getting to where you want to be in life. Once you are in good shape, you can start worrying about others - for now, take care of yourself. And I hope your mom gets a handle on her demons soon...but she will have to live with the consequences of her choices. You go make good choices for yourself, u/passinassassin. God bless. You can look her up on the NC offender locator and find out if she’s even still in jail. They may be keeping her if she violated the terms of her parole for the other charges. They may have released her on bail.   This breaks my heart. I'm a mom in NC. If your mother can't come to your graduation, I will. And I'm serious. Thank you very much. It's okay, I'm not really sure what I expect anymore. Apparently she has her trial tomorrow so I will know more then, I just wanted to know what to expect, I guess. I was hoping she would be able to come to my high school graduation in a couple of months. Thank you for your help. I'm really sorry you're dealing with this. With prior convictions, there is no way to know what she might be facing. You can contact the DA and find out what their intentions are though. Also her lawyer or public defender should have a good idea of what she's looking at. 