Pretty much as the title says. My ex didn't look ahead at the holiday parenting schedule, which grants him the second half of the break this year. I already planned a trip around this schedule, which is booked and paid for upfront. He's now demanding that I either switch him halves of the break (which is impossible) or that I give him make-up time for the next 2-3 months for the time he's losing due to his schedule conflict.

He travels for work the first week of every month, but has before scheduled around parenting time, such as events like this. 

Do I have to give up the next 6 weekends because he can't plan ahead? I'm not even going to get to spend the time with my child! I'm going to have to have my parents watch her because of his inadequate planning. 
 Assuming you have a written agreement, especially one from the court, you are not obligated to change one thing about your schedule, and he is not allowed to demand anything. All you folks have to do is follow the order. He has to follow it and you have to follow it.

If you have a court order, any attempt to interfere with it would be a basis for holding him in contempt. 

His failure to be aware does not create an emergency in your world. That is his problem. No. It's an error. Thanks for letting me know, I didn't realise.  &gt;Thank you. 

Hey, did you just thank yourself? This is good advice. OP, you don't have to hugely inconvenience yourself and yes, he is being unreasonable, but cooperation *does* go a long way, especially if this general situation escalates - you can demonstrate how cooperative you were trying to be all along.   [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] You only have to do what is in the custody agreement, but you may want to weigh cooperation in this. Showing that you are willing to work and compromise would go a long way should both of you end back up in front of a judge in regards to your custody agreement. He can ask all he wants. Just stick to the parenting plan.   I'm not sure I understand the circumstances.  Not sure I have to.

Your only obligations are articulated in the court orders \[edit: And State law\]

If he gets the second half of break this year, you are obligated to make the children available to him for the second half of break.

If he declines to exercise his visitation, you are not obligated to make up the time, unless it is articulated in the Parenting Plan that you must do so.

You must also follow your Parenting Plan in regards to dispute resolution.  If your parenting plan says "In case of dispute, the parties must engage in mediation... " Whatever. Then you would be required to participate in dispute resolution if he initiates it.

Bringing the matter to a family law attorney can help you clarify your obligations better.  And, perhaps more importantly cut through a lot of the bullshit by having the attorney inform the other party that their interpretation of the court orders is incorrect, and that you will not consent to any modification of them in this matter. [deleted] You don’t have to give him anything.  It is decent and in the interest of the kids to let him have some more time with them if he’s not going to see them over the holidays.  But again you are under no obligation to. Ha.  He can demand whatever he wants, but what you are legally obligated to give him is whatever is in the custody agreement.  Him having a scheduling conflict, mere weeks before Christmas break, should not interfere with that (unless your custody agreement says differently).  Tell him (in writing!  email is good!) that you will be sticking to the agreed-upon schedule in your custody order, both for Christmas and for the months afterward.  If he takes your child at a time when he isn't entitled, or refuses to give your child back when he is supposed to, call a lawyer and have them start proceedings for contempt.