My co-worker is being forced to see a counselor as part of an action plan created by manager.   Is this legal?

&amp;#x200B;

This person has never been written up in previous or current role, doesn't have any bad notes or marks against them or anything of that nature.

They do have ALOT going on in their life and I can see how the manager would want to highly suggest it, but is actually enforcing it to happen.

The worker does their job, had only been in the position for about 9 months. 

Work in central Illinois for a big company.   No, they can't force him to go.  However, they are perfectly within their rights to terminate employment if the employee does not abide by the action plan.  Ok. 

First. Paragraphs. They’re your friend. 

Second. This sounds like the employee has been having personal issues that are having a deleterious impact on their work and management is trying to find a solution. 

This is generally legal. The worker does Neuropsych testing for a Dr.   The Dr. has been known to have a bad attitude when reacting to situations that are out anyone's control.  The Dr. will make side comments that are insulting, demeaning, etc.  The worker does not fire back or say anything when this happens, except emotionally.   The Dr. does not praise the worker for doing work, but finds the things the worker is doing wrong.   The worker was told by the Dr. that they were doing better with the scoring, only later to find out from the manager that the Dr. told the manager the turnaround time for getting tests scored is taking too long and there are still too many mistakes.    There is a lot of petty things that the Dr. could fix by just talking to the worker, but they take their frustration and anger out at the employee indirectly and directly and will take this to the manager, often without telling the worker.   The worker does have a lot going on personally (going bankrupt, father died 1 year ago, mother is currently expecting to die, etc) and will talk about it at work, but doesn't let it affect her in her performance, which I can attest to since I work with both the worker and Dr.  The worker has expressed to the manager they feel like they are walking on egg shells with the Dr. and stresses coming into work every day because of fear of a reaction to something they don't have control over or because they made 1 mistake on a test or just fear of what mood the Dr. will be in.   The worker does not get productive feedback from the Dr on mistakes, but instead gets scolded and put down for making the mistake.  Yes the mistakes can alter the outcome of the tests, but the worker is trying their damn best to get everything right.  Tests are hand scored and there is no computer program to score.  This makes human error more likely.   There has not been a clarified margin for error in the scoring of tests on how, what mistakes can me made.   I can see how the manager would think the personal things going on at home could affect the workers ability to score tests, but the work environment she is currently in is not good for her emotional well being.  I have seen and heard the Dr. make rude/snide comments to the worker, and have experience her angry reaction to what was a little petty thing/mistake/etc.   I know Dr's have power in an organization, but that does not make it ok to treat employees poorly like this.  I also don't think its right for the manager to force the worker to go to counseling as part of the action plan for this situation.   &gt;  as part of an action plan created by manager

Why was the action plan initiated?