1. dequate number of troops take over for border control on the border by getting around the posse comitatus act by invoking national security(would also strike blow to illegal drug trade 80% of finished fentanyl comes from Mexican order near San Diego)
2. trump can use authority under section 212(f) of the immigration nationality act to stop all entry of potential immigrants from central american nations which the caravan originated until such time he decides our immigration situation with those nations has returned to a safer state of affairs because trumps authority under 212(f) is very broad it can also be used to block asylum seekers in the caravans(along with others from the same countries) until at such time the president is satisfied that any crisis and its causes have passed
3. using the same authority the president could block 10,000 temporary work visas that are issued to the citizens of those same nations every year this hardball step would put even more pressure on the government's of Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras to stem the tide of their own citizens coming to American borders illegally
4. Trump could also use his 212(f) authority to restrict Mexican citizens from taking advantage of temporary work visas in the same manner described for Central Americans. While there are only about 10,000 temporary work visas provided to citizens of the Central American nations, there are approximately 200,000 provided to Mexican citizens (If presented with backlash from U.S. businesses that depend on those workers, Trump could provide positive incentives for cooperation to the Mexican government. For example, if Mexico were to meet benchmarks to secure their southern border, thereby stemming some of the illegal immigration to America, the administration could offer to replace the work visas denied to the Central Americans with visas offered to Mexican citizens.)

Finally, it should be noted that recent news reports indicate that Trump is actively pursuing a third-party agreement with Mexico to house illegals in Mexico until they are completely processed within our U.S. system, with those rejected being returned to their homeland without ever setting foot in our country (Such an agreement would provide the most diplomatic long-term solution available to the president as it puts us in a position of partnership with Mexico to stem the tide of illegal immigration coming across our Southern border even while the foundation is laid for stronger economic ties between our neighboring countries into the future.) Hypotheticals go to /r/legaladviceofftopic  This belongs in /r/legaladviceofftopic 