I am an recent graduate and got my first job as an RN around September. At my initial employee health appointment, I received two immunizations and a TB test. I was under the impression I was receiving the flu shot and hepatitis B shot. 

I’ve been working and was just terminated today for not having my flu shot. I was given no notice, no email, no phone call, nor a warning to get my flu shot. Even if I go and get it done, the organization won’t allow me to come back. Their records show no indication of me getting the flu shot. 

HOWEVER, I just went and had a MCIR pulled (immunization record for my state), and it shows that I indeed got a flu shot on the same date that I got the hep B shot at my employee health appointment. So what I’m thinking is someone dropped the ball on documentation of my flu shot at the employee health clinic I went to. 

If I show the proof on my MCIR that I DID get the flu shot, even if THEIR record says I didn’t get it, but the STATE’s record does, can they still terminate me? Would this be wrongful termination? 

My boss at work has no hand in this (it’s the higher up bosses). I love where I’m working and would really like this job back and to not have a termination on my record for the largest healthcare organization in my state. This could be detrimental to my career and I wasn’t delinquent in any way- not even the way they say that I was.  I’ve been calling HR people like crazy. No one has answered so far. I even tried to get another flu shot today but they wouldn’t allow me to at my doctors office because I had one so recently (which the state has clear documentation of simply by searching my name), and I got documentation from my primary doctor saying they refused the shot to me today because I had one so recently so hopefully that helps a bit- since ya know; he’s one of the doctors I work with.  Because I indeed got the flu shot. Read stuff before you comment  Did you read the story..or?  [removed] As wild_b_cat notes, there are many reasons why a person might get fired that are morally wrong, based on “facts” that are false, etc. There are only a handful of reasons you may not be fired for. Most of those include your membership in a protected group. There are a few others that forbid retaliatory firing for engaging in legally protected activities. 

Absent that very universe of reasons for which you cannot be fired you can be fired for anything else. Including no reason whatsoever. Including a bad reason. Including a false reason.  Start with contacting your boss and the HR rep for your location. Give them *a copy* of your MCIR and explain that they made a mistake. At this point, it's still early enough in the process that you don't necessarily want to threaten legal action. "Wrongful termination" is one of those phrases that people hear and assume means "any form of termination for unfair reasons," but that's not the law. The law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, gender, etc., various other things, but it's not a catch-all. So do wrongful termination cases get you nowhere unless you’re part of a union? Guess I should read the fine print more huh  That’s what I was thinking. They obviously suck. Unfortunately, they’re basically the ONLY organization within a 200 mile radius that I can really get a job at. They’ve monopolized my state. That’s my biggest worry here, because they own or at least are affiliated with EVERY hospital, doctors office, clinic, etc. near me. It’s absurd. Theyve even bought out the private offices.  Not a lawyer, I just hang out here too often.

You weren't terminated for being a member of a protected class, so unless you were part of a union or had a different employment contract, they can fire you for any reason without notice, and you can quit for any reason without notice.

As it stands, though, it's entirely likely that if you show them that you have had your flu shot and their records were wrong, you may have a shot at getting the termination removed, but I'd also consider looking at other jobs if they're bad enough at record keeping that they didn't have a record of a flu shot that it sounds like *they administered to you*. Unless you had a union contract that provides extra protection, I'm afraid they can legally terminate you even if it's for a 100% mistaken reason. I would start blowing up their phones politely asking for them to reinstate you.