A friend of mine (we'll call her Emily) is allowing her roommate (we'll call her Brea) to live in her apartment rent-free (lease and utilities are all in Emily's name) as a favor since Brea was a friend and apparently "going through a rough spot". She claims to have anxiety so she can't work and her parents cut her off, but she's probably just lazy. Brea constantly pressured Emily into lending her money for gas, groceries, etc and would just expect Emily's credit card up to the point Emily gave her upwards of $1500 and she hasn't repaid a single cent. She was controlling and tried to tell Emily when she could and couldn't have friends over, kick her dog out, etc, all while living rent-free in Emily's apartment.

&amp;#x200B;

I told Emily that she needs to kick Brea out and to give her a 2 week notice to get a job and move all her shit out before she'd change the locks. I guess Brea got the feeling she was about to get kicked out because she went to the leasing office and told them Emily was doing weed in the apartment. There is a zero drug tolerance policy so Emily was given until Saturday to move out of the complex. The leasing office found a bowl in the apartment that Brea claimed was Emily's, but was really her own. Emily was at work when this happened and was called out by the leasing office, so she wasn't there when all of this happened. Here's the kicker: Brea is planning on taking over the lease and suddenly has the money to pay for it, so she's been lying all along about not having money. She still doesn't work though, so it's most likely her parents' money. 

&amp;#x200B;

Emily is in the military and gets randomly drug-tested, Brea is not. Emily hasn't been tested in 6 months, but she is clean. What recourse does she have here, both with the leasing office, but more importantly to get Brea kicked out and hopefully make her pay for all the damages and fees Emily now has to pay?  IANAL Weed can stay in the system for weeks. Your friend can go get a drug test done somewhere that they verify IDs prior to doing the test. She can even have an "observed test" (or some such name) where someone watches her pee to confirm she didn't bring in a clean sample. Then she has a piece of evidence that she doesn't do drugs. BUT, if they found a bowl in the unit, and she's the only one on the lease, that isn't going to work in her favor.  I mean your friend Emily can pull the same trick Brea did. Except she calls the cops. They find drugs on brea and problem solved  Slander? Emily can put up a defense in court that she has not violated the lease. But, it doesn't look good. The landlord has Brea's statement. And, the found the bowl.  I suspect that the lease does not make exceptions which allow guests or sub tenants to have drugs in the apartment.

Her best recourse might be to sue Brea.