My friend’s mother isn’t exactly the nicest person in the world, and when he got a C on his math test, she whipped him with a belt. I was shocked when he told me this, but he said it’s happened many times before and it’s fine, it “just leaves marks for a few days”. I don’t like to be nosy or whatever, but when I expressed my concern about this he just said I was too sheltered, and that when he was a parent, if his kids did anything really stupid, he’d do the same punishment to them. Should I call CPS? My friend loves his mother, and she seems to be proud of him, but this is unacceptable behavior. This is a tough one.  I am an attorney for children who become involved with the foster care system.  In terms of how common being hit with a belt is, it’s certainly more common than you would think, but that definitely doesn’t make it ok.  Depending on where you live, it’s probably not enough to get your friend pulled out of his home and sent to a foster home...probably.  Odds are if CPS gets involved they will work with the family with your friend still living there, but there’s always a chance he would be removed.  

So really what you need to do is weigh the costs and benefits...what would you hope to accomplish by calling CPS?  Are your expectations realistic?  What might calling do to your friendship?  What might happen if you don’t call?  Is your friend old enough to call on his own if he needs to?  Would he?

There are also people called ‘mandated reporters,’  people like teachers and police officers.   Mandated reporters are required by law to call CPS if they suspect child abuse.  So if you want to cheat, you could make sure a mandated reporter found out.   What state is your friend in? How old is your friend? Corporal punishment isn't necessarily child abuse. Different parents have different parenting styles. I was punished similarly as a child and I don't believe it was child abuse. My parents love me very much and we had and still continue to have a close relationship. Your friend should get to decide whether or not CPS is involved in *his* life. Not you. Would you like someone butting into your life where it's unwanted?  1) it’s not your business 

2) legally that isn’t a crime. Adrian peterson, who was charged with  child abuse after he hit his son with a switch, recently said that he disciplines his son with a belt. There isn’t much you can do here.