Hey There,

I currently own one half of a duplex in another state and this girl (about 21 y.o) owns the other half with her partner.

In July i received the invoice for our body corporate insurance, my understanding of this is that the insurance covers the whole land and shared areas and not just our personal areas therfore its ( possibly an unwritten rule ) that the two owners split the costs in half as it affects us both.

I immediately payed the bill of about $1480 and got to work contacting the other owner who moved in between bills, she said in the initial phone call she was glad i got in contact with her as they were expecting my contact and were more then happy to pay after she speaks to her partner.

I waited a week then got in contact but ever since then i have been met with her constantly not replying to my text messages until i re-message her 2 or 3 times and giving me excuses about why she cannot actually pay any amount at the time.

I have explained to her i am happy to receive the payment in small weekly amounts of $50 etc and eventually she transferred me two payments at $100 and $250.

That was about a month and a half ago and ever since she has gone dark on me, she no longer replies to my messages and the last contact i got from her was that her BF had made a transfer to me ( i never got a receipt from her and no money has entered my account )

I'm really just unsure about where i can take it from here in terms of legality, do i have a leg to stand on in that they should be paying half and would it be worth my time to get real legal advice and scare her into paying the rest of the money she owes me ?

TL;DR
I payed the full amount of a bill for both sides of the duplex and now the other owner is ghosting me and not paying me off for her share You can contact the Law Society Qld for free / low cost referrals to solicitors. 


In terms of QLD insurance law, start [here](https://www.qld.gov.au/law/housing-and-neighbours/buying-and-selling-a-property/buying-a-home/making-an-offer-on-a-home/home-and-contents-insurance).  I'm in NSW and the properties are in QLD, i havent looked for laws and regulations as such because i have never delved into this world so its a bit daunting atm.

What would you recommend be the easiest way to look into the laws/ regulations myself ? This may depend on state laws about duplexes. Have you looked at your state’s insurance regulations? What state are you in?