[removed] You can setup auto payments for those. Contact your phone and insurance providers ASAP. Also many of them offer military discounts (which can be pretty significant). Gotcha, which I’m fine with I’ll go wherever they need me. So should I go for another POA? My only real responsibilities will be my investments aside from my cellular bill (which I heard they’re lenient on service members) and then later car and insurance but holding off on that as possible.  Never, ever ever discount the idea you could end up deployed on a ship or overseas. No matter what other experiences are to this point, no matter what your recruiters say. In 2003 there were tens of thousands of National Guard soldiers who didn't dream they would be deployed, let alone being deployed as anything other than what their unit was trained to do.  Navy and 95% of the job is shore duty. Very limited sea duty.  Also she has statutory dependent POA does this mean she can have access to my bank account? Without my say.  No I know I don’t have GI bill until I meet the prerequisites. I was just curious if she was still my POA at the time if she would have control over that. My recruiters have documented her threats and put them in my file but since I’m 20 they say it really holds no weight. I planned on revoking her POA after I get out of bootcamp, cause I’d hate to revoke it and for some reason get sent home from bootcamp whether I break my leg or whatever. Some freak accident.  1. Revoke her POA. She has no business with it if she is making these threats. 

2. Once you finish boot and A school, make sure your CoC knows about these threats. You’ve got a while before you have to worry about this. 

3. No, she doesn’t get your GI bill benefits. She isn’t eligible for Tricare unless she is your dependent. YOU don’t even have GI bill benefits when you ship. That is for people honorable discharged after at least 36 months of service. 
 This kid hasn't been to boot camp/basic yet, so translation: Big chicken dinner is Bad conduct discharge.  As r/zanctmao said PoA is pretty easy to revoke. Consult base legal about it.

&gt; I don’t have a inherently combat job so It’s not like I’ll be MIA for months at a time. 

Don't count on that. I knew a lot of people who went into vehicle repair that ended up MPs when their unit was deployed. You serve at the pleasure of your branch, and at their needs. While Navy and Air Force are less likely to reclass you, there are very few jobs in the military (think very specialized) that don't have some inherent risk of becoming rifle totters. Also, just because your job isn't combat related doesn't mean that you can't be deployed either, because they still need bean counters, and just bout every other 'non-combat job' in combat zones.

&gt;Also does the benefits from my service mean she gets things like my GI bill and health care and I don’t receive those? 

No. For the benefits, you need an honorable discharge to utilize the GI bill. Healthcare you'll only lose parts of it unless you get a big chicken dinner or lower. You can revoke power of attorney at any time, so long as you do it in writing and keep records. Consult with your Base's legal office for the forms.