 Let me explain what happened last night, all the facts: I decided to get drunk at home and decided I wanted to move my car from the garage to the outside curb so I could workout in the garage. When I backed the car down the driveway, I clipped the neighbors truck that was parked on his curb but sticking slightly out into my driveway. As I parked the car on the curb he came to knock on my window. At first he was accusing me of running off and he would call the cops, but I was hardly speeding away I slowly parked my car on the curb. Plus, this is my next door neighbor it would be incredibly stupid to run. He said I clipped his company truck, but upon inspecting the damage it was surface scratches and we have pictures. Asked me for my insurance info, which I don’t have, so I used my phone to call my wife from the inside of the house to come outside. Didn’t want the neighbor to assume I’m running off. The neighbor knew I was drinking and was saying how I better not be driving anywhere that drunk. I apologized for the damage I caused and insisted I was only moving my car to the curb from the garage. My wife and I had a dialogue with them, and with her handling things we reached the conclusion we would handle this with them on our own. We all went back to our homes. At that point I did enough damage for the night and really pissed off my wife. It was a bad decision to even attempt to drive the car down the driveway to the curb no more than 20 feet. I went to bed to lay down and sleep it off. No more than a few minutes later, cops are at my door. They had me exit the house and go do a field sobriety test for the damage I did to the car. The neighbors did in fact decide to call the cops. There was no disputing I was drunk, drove the car down the driveway, and hit the neighbors truck. Despite surface scratches I am in fact guilty of that. I blew a .25 and was clearly very drunk. I was arrested and released today on. $1,500 bail for being a first time offender. I was guilty of being drunk, and I know I have an alcohol problem. This incident has led me to pour out the rest of my alcohol when I came home and I am entering AA. As I said earlier, I am guilty of backing down the driveway drunk and hitting the neighbors car. But seeing how I’m a first time offender, entering AA knowing I have a problem, and the fact that I wasn’t joyriding around when I did this. It was a dumbass decision to back down the driveway. I just need help. My question is, what should I do in this situation? Because I used a bail bonds place I was told I wouldn’t qualify for a court appointed lawyer, and I don’t have a large surplus to cover initial lawyer fees. One wants a grand up front. Would it make sense to represent myself and try to explain this? Or if I get a lawyer how can I find an affordable one? Don't ever provide the police with evidence against yourself. lawyer..now. figure out a way to pay for it.   Get a lawyer, the expense will pay off in the long run.   Find a local attorney or firm that handles traffic and DUI cases. Generally they aren't terribly expensive and will be willing to work out something you can afford.  Not in any way, no. And the only thing you can "explain" is that you were impaired, got behind the wheel of a car, and hit a stationary object. All of which they already know. You need an attorney. This is going to be expensive. But in the long run it will be worse if you don't get an attorney. Good luck with the AA and kudos for working on the problem. Yo... IANAY... but fuck this dude. Your first offense?? Almost laughable. Dont over react bro... message me if you'd like and chill the fuck out 