I booked a pretty pricey hotel for a getaway with my fiance. The hotel has no cancellation policy listed on their website or anywhere else, but after booking they conveniently sent in an email that the dates we booked were non refundable. The trip is in 3 weeks and they refuse to refund any money citing the confirmation email they sent after we already paid. Is this legal or can I dispute the charge or part of the charge? Hotel is international and I am in the US. Ok then. you must be either a kid or one of those frank grimes type of adult cause you dont know dick about about the real world.  I agree it doesn't hurt to try, and a lot of companies don't find it worthwhile to respond to chargebacks for small amounts.  My issue was with people who were telling OP to say that he was told it could be cancelled.  I didn't lie. The company may not have responded, I don't know. My point is it doesn't hurt to try.  I don't know what your situation was, so I can't comment on it, but it sounds like you either lied or the company didn't bother responding. Saying "i was told i could cancel" when that isn't the case.
 &gt; The OP approved charges believing they were getting X, and they got Y.

What OP "believed" is irrelevant.   &gt; Verbal promises are enforceable.

If a written contract exists, then a verbal amendment is usually not going to be enforceable, especially if it contradicts the written contract. 

&gt; Why are you all over this thread trying to make it sound like OP is in the wrong, when the limited info available (from OP, naturally) suggests otherwise? If OP’s characterization is accurate, they should be allowed to cancel.

This is legal advice.  We discuss what the law says, not what we think "should" be happening.  I agree that it would be fair for OP to be able to cancel, but that's not how contracts work.  

&gt; If you’re just posting contrarian “if we assume OP is wrong/lying, they should not get what they want” to LA posts... what’s the point?

I'm not assuming he's wrong or lying.  I'm taking the facts, as he presented them, and concluding that he has no legal case.   I don’t think he needs to fudge and say he was told he could cancel. He should be able to just say “The room rate was not listed as non-refundable and the website didn’t list a no cancellation policy. I reasonably assumed that the reservation could be canceled if needed.” I would be very surprised if the policy wasn't listed somewhere on the website. And if it wasn't, why would you complete the booking?  Verbal promises are enforceable.

Why are you all over this thread trying to make it sound like OP is in the wrong, when the limited info available (from OP, naturally) suggests otherwise? If OP’s characterization is accurate, they should be allowed to cancel. 

If you’re just posting contrarian “if we assume OP is wrong/lying, they should not get what they want” to LA posts... what’s the point?  This is wrong.

The OP approved charges believing they were getting X, and they got Y. You can get unto the semantics of the word “approved”, but a credit card company will just say that OP did not approve the terms that the business is trying to add post-sale, and therefore the transaction is void. They never told him he could cancel. Where is he lying? Having successful gotten a charge reversed based on what the person above you is describing, I can tell you, respectfully, you are wrong.  Lying to your credit card company is considered fraud, and a great way to get in legal trouble.  It's not that hard for the hotel to prove that OP was never "told" he could cancel, and even if they can't, a verbal promise like that wouldn't be enforceable.   I think it would be the opposite.  The default is no cancellations.  There is no basis to assume that a merchant accepts cancellations if it is not stated. OP says that there is nothing on the website or initial agreement that lists a no cancellation policy. IANAL, but as a layperson I would expect that if I did not explicitly agree to a no cancellation policy at the time I gave my credit card information, then my reservation should be refundable if I wish to cancel before the service is preformed.

You can disagree with me, but my advice to the OP would be to see if their CC company will perform a chargeback on the basis of “service not as described” based on a reasonable person’s assumption that a luxury hotel reservation would be refundable 3 weeks in advance. The CC company can then make their decision. dude just call your cc company and say" i was told i could cancel. plus there is nothing on their website mentioning i cant cancel" and just leave it at that . Do it as soon as possible. Since it's three weeks away and this is a hotel we're talking about not a tangible good per se, you're 100% get your money back and that's that. You don't need to go into the long story explaining anything just leave it at what I just told you
 On what basis would you assume that?  

And how is the service "not as described" because you assumed something that turned out to be false? 

OP will need to read the original agreement carefully and see what it says about cancellation, if anything. Hotel employee here.

Where did you book the reservation through? Directly through the hotel's website, Expedia.com, Hotels.com, Booking.com, etc. 

Also, some times the rates listed lowest online tend to be non-refundable and is only listed in the fine print on the page. If possible, could you have another pair of eyes look the site over? I'm not sure the subreddit rules allow for direct linking to the site in question.  Are you planning to cancel or are you trying to cancel?

From how your post reads, you appear to be miffed that no-cancellation policy was not disclosed even if you have no plans to cancel. I would try saying the service is not as described. I would assume that a hotel permits cancellations unless they explicitly state otherwise. OP approved the charges.  There is no way this can be called unapproved. Call your credit card company. They have protections for oddities such as this.  They will most likely just call it unapproved charges. I had a server add a huge tip (like 150 percent) at an airport and do it course I disputed and they made me dispute the entire charge.  Paid with CC. No refund policy was listed anywhere on their website, only in confirmation email after paying in which the exact dates we were going to go were marked non refundable.  How did you pay? Was there any refund policy on their website anywhere? 

If you paid with a credit card you can try to dispute it with them and see what they'll do for you.