This happened in Alabama. 

My dog tore the canine equivalent of an ACL and needed surgery. The vet called to tell us surgery went fine, but the procedure was done on the wrong leg. 

The vet is of course not charging for the wrong surgery and will not charge for the correct one they will do when the dog recovers from this one. 

The long term effects from this procedure should be negligible. He also told us at the original consult that if the ligament tears on one leg, there’s about a 50% chance it tears in the other one. So there’s a decent chance she would have needed this procedure eventually anyway. 

Our primary concern is in the short term. If she’s going to face mobility, pain, or QOL issues between an unnecessary procedure and delaying the necessary one. But we really won’t know until we are able to bring her home and even then we won’t know what would have been to compare it to. 

I’m leaning toward chalking it up to crap happens, appreciating the savings, and enjoying the fact we’re not going to have a 50% chance at another surgery hanging over our heads. 

Some others in the family are feeling a bit more emotional and want to take some action. They’re thinking a malpractice suit. Is that something worth pursuing? 

More importantly, what do we need to know for tomorrow when we pick her up to keep our options open? Thanks Thanks Thanks If their desire is to punish the vet, you could file a complaint with the board of veterinary medicine. 

I guess you might take that course if the mistake leads you to the conclusion that the vet is incompetent.  Operating on the wrong leg is obviously a fairly profound and concerning mistake.  But as far as anything you might recover, the vet seems to have gone above and beyond anything you might have recovered in litigation.  There just isn't anything here to sue for. That was my thought as well. I think they’re thinking along the lines of pain and suffering or punitive.  Tell the “some others” to pipe down. You don’t have any damages when you’ve been made whole (offered the corrected surgery in reasonable timeframe).  [deleted] &gt;They’re thinking a malpractice suit.

What would you seek to recover?  It sounds like financially you're quite a bit more than whole.  I don't hear a loss to recover, in fact, quite the opposite.  