My fiance has a family history, as well as personal history, of Deep Vein Thrombosis due to an at3 deficiency and has had two large blood clots in the past 5 years or so. One of which was last year. He currently has a prescription for 7.5mg of Warfarin(blood-thinner) but hasn't taken it in about a month since he lost his insurance.

He went into the emergency room here in Idaho with lower back and groin pain. He talked to the doctor about his medical and family history and explained that the blood clotting disorder was why he came in. 

The doctor didn't check for any sign or symptoms of a blood clot. Didn't look at his legs or do an ultrasound or anything. Told him he had a muscle strain and sent him home with 800mg of Ibuprofin(anti-inflammatory) and 10mg of Cyclobenzaprine(muscle relaxer). 

When he got home he took both medications and then took a nap. An hour later I went to wake him up, touched his leg and immediately felt that it was swollen to about twice the size of his other leg. When he went to get up, he also could not walk.

We rushed him back into the hospital and he's currently in the critical care unit being treated for a blood clot that goes from his abdomen, all the way down his leg.  

Was this medical malpractice or negligence or something? The second doctor he saw when he went back in even told us that what the first doctor did was stupid. And everyone there kept telling us over and over how they were glad he came back. 

The thing with blood clots is that they can break off when ever they damn well please and can kill you. I've read of a couple cases where someone died the same night because of the same wrong diagnosis.

I should also mention that you're not supposed to take ibuprofen when you're on blood thinners. Not sure if that makes a difference though, because he hadn't taken the blood thinners in about a month. Unlikely that an hour actually caused the clot to progress from the leg to the abdomen.

Actually, impossible.

Luckily for your grandpa, and for the doctor, no actual harm was done.  

But he should get a talkin' to - Perhaps discuss the care received with the medical director of the emergency department or a patient advocate.   

Also, warfarin is DIRT CHEAP.

No excuse for your family member to not be taking it. The reason you aren’t supposed to take ibuprofen when on Warfarin is due to increased risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. However, if you’re bf told the doc he hasn’t been taken warfarin it’s a moot point. Warfarin is a fairly inexpensive drug normally, even without insurance. I hope he recovers and is able to maintain his prescription (it’s a lot cheaper than an ICU stay). With that being said, the only way to know if you have a malpractice case is to speak with a malpractice attorney. 