 

State = Nevada

Throwaway account. Posting for advice not really for myself, but for my boyfriend.

He's currently married but separated, divorce pending, and he shares a 2-year-old son with his soon-to-be-ex-wife.

They haven't yet gotten any court-mandated rules in place regarding shared custody, child support, etc., but he gives her money freely each month, pays all of their child's medical and daycare expenses. She has their son Mon-Fri, he has him Friday night through Sunday night.

Apparently, from what he's heard from mutual friends, she's working with an Attorney and attempting to build a case against him to file for sole custody of their child, which isn't going to happen, as he's stable, has a safe environment to care for his son on the weekends when he has him, has a stable job and makes more than enough money to support himself and his child, etc.

He received a text message from her this morning stating that he is not allowed to have his son this weekend if I will be present. That he's not going to have him at all if I'm going to be near her child. She's actually threatened to call the police on me a couple of weekends ago just for being in the same house with him and his son, saying that I don't have her consent to be near her child, and that I'm not welcome in that house (he lives apart from her with two roommates, both of which clarified that I am absolutely welcome to be there).

I feel like she's doing this just to push his buttons and get a negative reaction from him for ammunition in court when the time comes, as up to this point he's been nothing but amicable and civil towards her, but is this actually something she can dictate outside of the courtroom? And if he were to disregard her threats and have me around while he has their son, would that be detrimental to his defense in court for custody? Can she actually refuse him visitation with their child without a court mandate stating such?

I don't want to be away from them this weekend, I actually love spending time with the little guy, but I also don't want to stir anything up, especially if it could end up being harmful to my boyfriend from a legal standpoint.

Any advice is greatly appreciated! You bf needs to get a lawyer but until his lawyer tells him otherwise you need to stay far away from this. His ex essentially just gave her a choice between you and his child and it is not going to look great if he chooses you. He should be taking all the visitation time he can with his child and if that means you have to find somewhere else to be then that's what it means. The more contact he has with the child now the better his visitation options will be after this goes to court.  Your boyfriend needs an attorney.

&gt;  but is this actually something she can dictate outside of the courtroom?  

No, but there is no court order that says she needs to provide the child for visitation.

&gt; And if he were to disregard her threats and have me around while he has their son, would that be detrimental to his defense in court for custody?  

It could be. It sounds like she at least thinks that she has a reason to keep you away from the child. You can expect these reasons to be brought up in court. Since she has an attorney, it's likely that the attorney is choreographing her actions at this point (she'd be stupid to make these demands without his input). 

&gt; Can she actually refuse him visitation with their child without a court mandate stating such? 

Yes.

For the purposes of the custody hearing, your boyfriend needs to have laser sharp focus and attention on providing for the needs and well being of the child, even if that means putting your relationship on hold, and you making yourself scarce if need be.  

This is all just very general, based on no knowledge of you, your boyfriend, his wife, or any of ya'lls backgrounds.

Your boyfriend needs an attorney.