 [AZ] My 17-year old son has end-stage kidney disease, which means he has zero kidney function (he hasn’t peed in 5 years). One of the many wonderful side effects of this condition is heart problems, so he has a defibrillator (think “CLEAR” bzzzt) implanted in his chest. Recently he had a series of 9 cardiac arrests, the defibrillator did its job and shocked him, he is currently in the hospital recovering with about 30% of his heart function. Once he was in the hospital we found out that he actually only had 8 cardiac arrests; the first time the defibrillator went off unnecessarily, which triggered the other 8 arrests. The defibrillator was set off by a spike in his potassium level, which can be a sign of a heart attack, but it also very common in people without functioning kidneys. The doctors have been pretty clear that the subsequent cardiac arrests and resulting damage would not have happened without that initial shock. I am wondering if there is any possibility of suing the manufacturers of the implant? The reason I am here and not asking a lawyer is that he is my foster son and I don’t have normal parental rights on his behalf. However, if the Internet hive mind thinks this isn’t totally crazy, I could bring the idea to his case worker. This kid is not going to live long, and during that time will most likely be unable to work, and will require drastic forms of medical care. This horrifically painful, terrifying experience further lowered his chances of making it 5, or even 2, more years. If this is considered an reasonable risk for using a life saving device I can accept that, but I need to do everything I can to ensure that he is receiving the best care and resources possible. The elephant in the room is that even if the device maker was 100% at fault there would be no case here. Unfortunately your son has a fatal condition that will likely result in his death in the next few years, barring a transplant becoming available. As such any damages available in this case would be too low for a malpractice attorney to consider.  ICDs do NOT sense or respond to high potassium levels They respond to electrical activity in the heart. High potassium levels are dangerous as they can cause (sometimes lethal) arrhythmias. This is a potential cause of death for people with kidney disease, as they are not able to properly excrete potassium I agree 100% with both of those statements. But I can see how the OP's story could be plausible. Hyperkalemia - - 't VT or VF. (though I would assume if the T waves were that abnormal, a shockable rhythm probably isn't that far off...) T-waves are an EKG finding which can be induced by hyperkalemia. Defibrillators DO NOT directly detect potassium levels.  I don’t have his potassium levels from the day of the cardiac arrests, the 10 is from a day weeks ago when I brought him to dialysis and they were amazed he hadn’t gone into cardiac arrest yet. I love him so much, but yes the adults in his life, both family and professionals, has done him great disservice.     You might have a case against the doctor(s)/care-providers but not the manufacturer of the device as it performed exactly as it should.. However IANAL and if you wish to pursue this you would need to speak to one that specializes exactly in this topic. This. You really need to get an independent second opinion, especially if his numbers are are as bad as you said (potassium of 10(!)). Your primary questions as a family member and parent right now is figuring out how he got there, cause that's the real problem. Be aware that teenagers with advanced medical challenges are a very difficult subset of patients to treat. Some are easy, But.... Some combine the teenager's age appropriate sense of immortality and age appropriate sense of independence and non-conformity, add a chip of "nobody cares about me" and a few too many doses of "I'm tired of this medical shit"to make a person who is disastrously uninterested in their own medical care. Medical professionals can call them non-compliant, but that is an overly pejorative way of saying "we had a hard time reaching a therapeutic middle ground" and/or "we were unable to connect to our patient on their level". If this sounds in any way familiar, having a doctor who your son can relate to and feel cared for by is as essential to his ongoing well being as his continuing medical treatments. Please seek second opinions, even if there is only one dialysis centre in town, there is bound to be another nephrologist somewhere who he will qualify to see. As a family member you have a delicate surfing act of loving him and encouraging him to do something he probably hates at some (any probably many) levels.  Yup, if his potassium was 10 (milliequivalents per litre abbreviated mEq/L), that's not really compatible with being alive, even in an ESRD patient. Possible, yes, survivable yes, but very very deadly. If that is correct my assumption is confirmed: He was well into the lethal zone of high potassium, and the AICD kicked off a bit early because it couldn't tell if the strange electrical patterns it was seeing was really an arrhythmia or not, but he was about to be in a lethal rhythm anyways. It could have been the AICD, a sneeze or seeing a cute girl, but if his potassium was 10 he was well into the lethal zone. Even with a history of ESRD, he was going to go into a lethal rhythm any minute. Thankfully the AICD was there to save his life even though it might have started the process off. It might be like blaming the last snowflake for the avalanche. That potassium is likely also why it ended up Needing to shock him so many times, his heart didn't want to beat right with that amount of potassium in his blood. Dropping off a kid with that level of medical involvement without giving you any idea of what's gone on or what to expect also seems callous if not actually immoral. I don't know about criminal, but at least callous. Thank you for caring so much for your foster son. The world needs a lot more people like you. I looked in up in my notes from that day and it was 10 ..... somethings. 10 potassiums? I really don’t know much, it’s been a very steep learning curve. We aren’t specialized providers for medically fragile kids or anything, he was our first placement. He was dropped off in the middle of the night a few months ago with the only warning being “Oh, he needs to go to appointments a few times a week.” We didn’t even know about the implant until we took him to the store the next day to get some clothes and he started squeezing around the sensors at the door. Corrected link : %20Public/Files/pdf/exam-blueprints/maintenance-of-certification/nephrology.pdf You're probably thinking about Dialyis technicians or PA.  That's a huge disparity in facts but as you provided a link (404 for me) we'll go with your facts. The person I got my information from is most definitely in a position to know, so I can only assume I misunderstood what she was talking about. I'll go back to her and see if she remembers the conversation and if so, gain a little more clarity. I do, however, stand firmly by the assertion that dialysis provision in this country is abysmal. That is one thing I'm fully confident I can back up and in spades.  \ ; the first time the defibrillator went off unnecessarily, which triggered the other 8 arrests. The defibrillator was set off by a spike in his potassium level, which can be a sign of a heart attack, but it also very common in people without functioning kidneys. The doctors have been pretty clear that the subsequent cardiac arrests and resulting damage would not have happened without that initial shock. You need to have a doctor - presumably the cardiologist or electrophysiologist - have a device manufacturer representative come and interrogate the device. This means the representative attaches equipment directly to the chest and can see what the heart rhythm was over a period of time and when/if the device fired. It is a very powerful tool and the AICD will theoretically have stored information for a few days at least. I've heard it has four months or more. Don't let them monitor it remotely. You need an in-person visit. There is a difference in my experience. This means you can see what the rhythm was before the first shock. If the rhythm was normal and the AICD fired, there could be a problem. Not a manufacturer defect necessarily, as all equipment has a chance of failure. However, if the rhythm was abnormal and the device did its job, you have a different picture. Do this today. You can get a copy of the strip. Hold on to it and get a copy in the chart. We had a patient with an AICD who got super dehydrated, was sick, was out in the heat, etc. and passed out. We thought it was hypotension and low blood sugar. The remote monitoring said no problem. When the rep came, he saw the 7 seconds where the heart was in v-fib and the device fired. VERY cool. Appropriate in this case.  I’m sorry you’re going through this right now. With the caveat that I only know what’s going on based on what you posted: “Individually programmed” doesn’t mean what you think it does. They sometimes test the threshold when implanting the defibrillator, but there’s evidence that even doing that much customization doesn’t make a difference in function/outcomes. The defibrillator is designed to detect dangerous rhythms and shock the heart to get out of them. The ICD can’t determine what caused the dangerous rhythm (nor does it really matter for ICD function), it is just programmed to try to save the patient’s life. I obviously don’t know all of the details of this case (my guess is that hyperkalemia caused several episodes of vfib), but it sounds like it did what it was supposed to do and saved his life. As for the nephrologists: my experience with pediatric nephrologists is that, as a group, they are some of the most intelligent and meticulous/detail-oriented physicians I know. I’m not sure what it’s like where you are, but the pediatric nephrologists I know take excellent care of their patients. I’m a physician, not a lawyer.  I appreciate the level of involvement you have with your son's care but it seems like you have several misunderstandings here. Just in this comment you mentioned his potassium level being five times higher than normal and there's no way that was ever the case. A normal potassium is in the vicinity of 3.5 to 5.2 and once you get into the realm of high sevens or low eights it's pretty uniformly fatal, or at least requiring ICU care and emergent dialysis. 5 times even the low end of normal would be in the teens and that's just not possible, even for an end-stage renal patient. This may seem like a distinction without a difference but healthcare and malpractice are so fact specific that exact terms and numbers are essential. Maybe you could ask someone to sit down with you and go through the whole of what is happening with your son to help you get a better understanding of what went on and what his prognosis is.  I would change all your doctors. Anyone who discourages a second opinion is not somebody I would trust. When I have patients approaching Dialyis I encourage them to get a second or third opinion. Please find a nephrologist in an acedameic center. I have a feeling your other doctors are in cahoots or part of the same group.  This here is why you shouldn't trust anything online without verification. The nephrology board exam is about 280 questions in an all day exam. Chronic kidney disease is 22% of the exam content. Dialyis directors are more of administrators. There are still more hands on doctors who run the actual dialysis clinic. During fellowship about 1/4th of the training time is spent directly with dialysis patients. url=%2520Public/Files/pdf/exam-blueprints/certification/nephrology.pdf ved=2ahUKEwiTob-t4KLgAhVrQt8KHWkfDWUQFjAAegQIBBAB usg=AOvVaw1gHHQACUFJEKALeoJoILce Possibly, if you can get the story straight. As you've been told multiple times, the pacer didn't react to a K spike; it reacted to what his heart did in reaction to that K spike. DCS may not want to get into a fight on what will be a very very complex medical issue, if there is even a glimmer of a case here; and at this time the story doesn't even make sense.  It's very difficult to be definitive without having all the information about the case available. At high potassium levels you can get heart rhythms that mimic those that the defibrillator are designed to shock, though the ahock itself would likely not resolve the problem since it cannot address the potassium as the underlying cause. If the potassium truly was high then it would mean be that the defibrillator triggered the other arrest episodes, rather it was kept trying to shock a rhythm caused by the potassium. If you are concerned talk with the cardiologist who took care of him at the hospital as they would have intereogated the ICD and can see what rhythm was being shocked and the cardiologist can walk you through what happened. From a legal perspective best bet is finding a malpractice attorney to review the case but I warn you it will be very difficult to sue the ICD manufacture. NAL, but a Dialysis nurse. High potassium causes muscle weakness. In the heart, this can be in the form of a slow heartrate (bradycardia) or an altered rhythm. That can trigger a shock in an implant. For pediatric patients, the threshold to shock is more sensitive. I hope this helps. For your own education, please research hyperkalemia in ESRD. I’m sorry he’s going through this and I’m glad you are supporting him. The point is that with a high potassium level causing heart arrhythmias the defibrillator is acting appropriately, so there is no recourse for a faulty device. A lot of hospitals are facing shortages in drugs and other supplies (work in an AZ hospital). If it is a potassium problem I would talk to someone if maybe there is a recommened diet change to make or a supplemental medication. NAL, and I'm not giving medical opinions, and as others have said med mal is very fact specific. If it makes you feel better you can have a consult with an attorney to get their opinion. A lot of times it's only a small fee to sit down with them. The defibrillator went off 9 times; the initial one and then in response to the following 8 cardiac arrests.  Potassium levels are not read by pacemakers. This doesn’t make sense at the most preliminary level. I think you need to discuss the actual course of events with your son’s team.  His potassium is often very very high, his care was very poorly managed prior to his removal, and while we have been able to make some progress in the short time he’s been with us, it hasn’t really been enough to make up for years of living on French fries and missing appointments. He was prescribed a medication to help manage his potassium, but they are out of it in the entire state of AZ. Once he was hospitalized they were able to dig up some samples. The doctors currently treating him speculate that this recent spike may have been the result of a cold or sinus infection. Defibrillators detect arrhythmias, not potassium levels. It detects VT and VF and is set to pace or shock in those settings. A person can die from hyperkalemia alone without being shocked. So I think it's premature to say the shock killed him rather than the hyperkalemia itself.  You are right about the potassium, his has been 5x the normal limits when we have gone in for dialysis. My (possibly unjustified) comment about nephrologists is based on the information I’ve received from his other providers. His nephrologist is definitely unhelpful, dismissive, and doesn’t follow up on things like figuring out how to get him the meds he’s supposed to have to manage his potassium levels. When we have spoken to his other doctors about finding an alternative, they have said not to bother, no one works at a dialysis clinic because they are a great doctor, and we’re not going to find any better. In terms of what I would be looking for legally, he is never going home. His family isn’t seeking reunification with him, just his siblings. And he turns 18 in a few months. So my partner and I will be caring for him for the rest of his life. I would just like him to have as many resources as possible to enjoy his life and have new experiences while he can.  Yes absolutely. At the very least advocate for a review of his medical file and treatment. Go for it on this basis  DCS has custody, so what I am wondering is if this would be worth bringing to his caseworker. INAL. Oh dear. You are a foster parent and you don’t have any rights. . Only the parents and CPS have rights to do anything legally. Do you have medical POA re care? Best you can do is escalate to the caseworker your concerns. Are you in contact with parents? Do they still retain custody? Is there a legal guardianship in place? Or is there a guardian ad litem for the child? These are the questions to ask because as a foster parent you are hired to care for a child by the agency. I understand your concerns are very valid for the child and questions need to be asked and procedures to be followed. Hopefully others here with medical background can be helpful for you.  You need to report the incident to the device's manufacturer. I can't give legal advice on whether you should go for it, but moral advice. IF you can successfully win the money and it be used to improve his quality of life and care then go for it, but if it'll be a long battle and distract you from his care and he'd never see much benefit from the money anyway, then I wonder if there is any point. Though I totally understand the anger and wanting them to take responsibility. This was on my local news today. I would check if he has the same kind. http://www.wistv.com/2019/02/04/fda-six-patients-reportedly-die-due-defibrillator-malfunction-stryker-recalls/ It would be unimaginable for a nephrology fellowship to not teach anything about dialysis. It would be like a pilot never learning how to use the throttle. But yes, the provision of dialysis in the US is shameful. Again, not legal advice, but personal perspective advice. This is confusing suff. Ultimately, everything you've described fits within profile of normal outcomes of progressive terrible disease. This does not exclude malpractice, that is entirely fact specific. Some background for you: AICDs respond to many different conditions dealing with the rate and/or rhythm of the heart. How this is detected, triggered, and responded to is rather complex, and usually managed through a series of escalating interventions depending on the specific situation that is being detected and the specific capabilities of the device and how its been programmed for a particular patient. So, simply, its really quite complicated. Depending on your foster sons conditions it may or may not have been very appropriate to put in an AICD. ESRD is not a contraindication for an ACID, its quite common in fact for someone with ESRD to have an ACID. You mentioned a "heart attack", this is not the same thing as a "cardiac arrest" any more than running out of radiator fluid is the same as your engine catching fire. High potassium can lead to electrical changes in the heart. These electrical changes are signals that are used medically to tell when the heart is in trouble, and ultimately these changes will lead the heart to totally stop functioning when the potassium is high enough. These electrical changes can look like a heart attack when mild, and look like a lethal arrhythmia when severe, and when the changes are really severe they then cause a lethal arrhythmia. The ACID was implanted to detect and correct lethal arrhythmia. It might have fired under conditions that it thought was appropriate. It might have fired under conditions that a medical professional would have deemed appropriate if they didn't know your son was still talking to them. (which the ACID wouldn't know) It might have completely malfunctioned, it might have been mis-programmed. It might have been operating perfectly and unfortunately imperfect things happen in an imperfect world. It is impossible for the hive-mind to know. Here's the kicker though: most ESRD patients do develop high potassium, and their hearts get used to it. A lethally high potassium in the average person might not even cause detectable electrical changes an ESRD patient. So depending on his condition it could be that his potassium wasn't just high, it was really really really really really high. Meaning: the high potassium was a severe life threat in and of itself, and the first firing of the ACID which brought you to the hospital might have saved his life. Otherwise that high potassium might not have been detected and treated once he got there. Its impossible to say from what you've said. Nephrologists are often some of the most brilliant doctors because the complexities of nephrology really require a certain type of mind. I'm not sure what is meant by nephrology being the bottom of the barrel in some of the posts. (Of course, some of them are bad doctors, and some of them are bad people, and some of them are jerks, but the specialty isn't the bottom of the barrel) Whats more, it would not have been a nephrologists decision to put in the ACID, it would have been some flavour of cardiac electrophysiologist / cardiologist / cardiothoracic surgeon. Programming it would be the job of the EPS (electrophysiologist) who is a specialist cardiologist. Now, the nephrologist might have botched something which led to his high potassium which led to all of this, but that's a different question. Legally: what are you trying to achieve? Additional support for your foster son? Funds for his family? Better information and insight? Accountability on the part of his medical team? If you're answer is the last two, asking the doctors taking care of him to sit down with you and talk about whether or not that ACID was a good idea is a good choice. If that doesn't work then file an escalating series of complains with the hospital until you feel you've been heard and understood what is being told to you. If at the end of that you still feel the need to pursue legal action, then do so. But the route I suggest might lead to better answers from everyone. The defibrillator detected a change in the child's electric activity, and appropriately reacted. Nothing wrong with that. There is no way to separate etiology of electrical changes from the perspective of the defibrillator, be it potassium spike or an arrest.  Yes, that's exactly how they work. They have wires attached to the heart that read the electrical signals and when they detect a rhythm outside the acceptable parameters that can be corrected by defibrillation then they shock. Yes Correct me if I'm wrong, but is defibrillator operate by detecting anomalies in heart rate/electric signal going through heart? There are two seperate issues here: 1. Did the implant work as designed. If yes, rhen no chance of a suit against the manufacturers 2. If it worked as designed, then was it suitably selected foe your relative given his co-morbidities? If no, then you might have a shot of a suit against the doctors who selected and implanted it. Be very wary of relying on 'they told us at the hospital' as in a fast moving situation doctors do get things wrong and give explanations that either weren't right or can't be proved in court. Doi: medical dr  Medical malpractice is very fact specific and mostly beyond the scope of this sub. A qualified lawyer would need to be consulted to see if you have a case. That having been said I'm a former dialysis Nurse and have a little insight in to the medical side of this. Bear in mind I'm not qualified to give opinions, just educate on facts. High potassium levels may be possible in patients with kidney failure but with proper diet and medical management they are generally kept under control and within a certain range. Also defibs can't read potassium levels, they react to arrhythmias in the heart. High potassium levels can trigger those and could have caused the defib to go off. Generally speaking high potassium levels are caused either by intaking potassium, something ESRD patients are told to not do (except for certain rare exceptions), ineffective dialysis treatments (hard to prove), sudden trauma, extensive burns, uncontrolled diabetes, or some kind of thyroid disorder. So in other words, a lot of different possible things there. Either way it doesn't change the fact that what the defib reacts to is not the actual potassium level but the effect it has on the heart. So in order to program one to ignore an abnormally high potassium level you'd pretty much to program it to ignore an abnormal/potentially lethal rhythm...at which point why have it at all?  It's not so much that nephrology is bottom of the barrel medical care; it's that nephrology fellowships teach almost nothing about dialysis. And when nephrologists take their exams, there are exactly five questions (out of 60) that pertain to dialysis at all. So a prospective nephrologist can theoretically miss all five of those questions and still score a 92% on the exam. They then go on to be medical director for a dialysis clinic... knowing nothing about dialysis. The provision of dialysis in this country is shameful.  Defibrillators do not run lab values, they simply shock when the heart goes into a funky rhythm (that is predetermined to need a shock). An increased potassium level can most certainly lead to arrhythmias, which is most likely what caused the shock. This is the defibrillator doing the job it is designed to do.  NAL, but I am a home hemodialysis dialyzor in Arizona and have been for almost nine years. What I can tell you is that he doesn't have to have this kind of life. Dialysis is only horrific - with subsequent horrific outcomes - in a clinic setting; it is not that way inherently and an almost completely normal life is not only possible, it should be the norm. If you want to make sure he is receiving the best care and resources possible, look into home hemo. Message me if you like.  NAL and do not have a defib, but have a family member who has had one for +10 years. Defibs have two electrodes that go straight into the heart chambers, and I doubt they would be able to monitor the metabolic rate of potassium (someone else has commented this). Defibs are meant to track, attempt to reassert normal rhythm, and then if impossible provide a shock to reestablish proper electrical flow throughout the heart. Defibs are NOT foolproof, and those who have them must be on medication and exercise routines that limit stress on the heart because it can trigger the defibrillator. This is something that is VERY well documented, as the defibrillator is not foolproof and only reacts to the heart rhythm and therefore can discharge incorrectly under the proper circumstances. Therefore, for the defib to discharge, the boy's heart would need to have presented an arrhythmic pattern that (a) the defibrillator could not correct as its role as a pacemaker and (b) would simulate a cardiac arrest. It would be difficult in both cases to state that either of those were NOT life threatening without an almost immediate ECG/EKG to show the arrhythmia. Perhaps there was a potassium issue that caused an incorrect rhythm that then caused the defibrillator to correct it. Second of all, did the defibrillator react to ALL 8 of the cardiac arrests? Internal defibs have a rather limited battery life (surgery is required every 8-10 years) and the battery can only distribute a very small number of shocks. It is also well documented that repeated shocks to the heart are responsible for damage, but this is something that is discussed prior to a defib being implanted and it is up to the patient and/or guardians to weigh the risk factor. Tl;dr: The defibrillator did its job, and unless there is a recall (which you would've been contacted by a doctor IMMEDIATELY) or medical evidence gathered immediately after to show that there was no arrhythmia then there is not much to fight.  You're operating under some sort of false impression here. Defibrillators do not perform metabolic panels -- they have no way of detecting blood potassium levels. It worked as designed, what I am bothered by is that they are supposed to be individually programmed to each patient, and high potassium levels should be fairly predictable for someone with kidney failure. I’m also extra suspicious just because I am learning through this experience that nephrology is often bottom of the barrel medical care. My understanding of their operation is the electrolyte imbalance problem caused an electrical arrhythmia that triggered the internal defibrillator. It was probably not a malfunction, but the device operating as it should. It is doubtful, but you can take your child or speak to a medical malpractice attorney on behalf of the child as they would be the one to sue, not you.  Did it malfunction or work as designed due to the potassium spike? Either way, you can consult a medical malpractice lawyer to determine if the manufacturer holds liability. 