I'm a class representative in a Personal Injury - Motor Vehicle Product Liability case with cause under  Diversity-Motor Vehicle Product Liability in California.  The case has been certified as a class action and has been slowing progressing.

During a recent interview for an amended complaint with my attorney, it came to light that I had asked for the defective part back from the mechanic and held onto it for a few months before discarding (I had not intended to pursue legal action when I did so).  Ultimately I was directed to an attorney represented other people with the issue and was asked to join the class action and signed a standard retainer / representation agreement.

The attorney now states that disposing of the part could be construed as destroying evidence and I could be sanctioned.  He is "asking permission" to drop me from the case and continue with the other class representatives.  The fact that he was asking struck me as odd.  I understand this could be standard practice, but wanted to ask if there is anything else I should be aware of or asking for prior to dropping from the case. he's asking to drop you for the benefit of the class - you can refuse if you want.  Whether that's a good idea is really something to discuss with your attorney. 

&amp;#x200B;

By the way, posting on Reddit is a bad idea b/c you're a plaintiff in active litigation.  You should stop posting and consult with your attorney(s). You will lose out on the incentive payment that class representatives get.  That's about it.   Rosa Parks was a class representative.  Someone who had a sterling background, and an unimpeachable case.  You are going up against a large corporation, their lawyers make more in one month than most of us make in a year and they'll have enough resources to drag this out for years.  The quickest way to win a class action, inolves a slam dunk case and unimpeachable reps.  Your actions are a major key for the defense in showing a jury/judge that these guys are just out to get their client.  After all, you did dispose of evidence that you are now going to have to rely on to make a case.  

&amp;#x200B;

You shouldn't be removed from the class itself, but you are not a good class representative.   I'm not a lawyer but I was a class representative on a class action lawsuit against a health insurance company. I'm not familiar with mechanical law either on if discarding the defective part amounts to destruction of evidence. Just from an outside perspective the lawyers in the case want to make the best case possible. There goes a lot into picking a class representative - making sure testimony is credible, making sure they don't have backgrounds that the defendants can dig up and use to sour credibility, etc. Since you're arguing not just for yourself but the entire class they want an airtight case as possible. That is what it's sounding like what is going on here. 

I wouldn't take it personally if you get dropped as the class representative. You will still be apart of the class and have a valid claim. It's just business and they need to find the best class representative that will win them the lawsuit. I'd make sure that you're still apart of the class itself if you're dropped as class representative. 