In New York State, can the police run someone’s license without any cause, when the person isn’t even there? 

I’m certain that my ex wife had the cops waiting for me after I dropped off my kids, and my license was suspended, which is totally my fault, but if they ran my license when I wasn’t there at her behest is that a breach of my civil liberty?  

I’m going to put a foil request in to see when I was accessed by their computer, but if it was before they pulled me over is that actionable?


 [removed] Thanks, more useful info.  The next intelligent thing you say will be he first.

Maybe you know:  can redditors block users?   [deleted] Thanks for painting the picture of who you are.  I’m done responding to you after this.  You’ve added nothing but wrong info to this post and are the epitome of internet shit posters with no knowledge of the subject and are of no help.  Everyone would be better off if you just stayed quiet.

I’m not worried about how I look to random internet super crime stoppers.  It’s a traffic ticket, it’s not a big deal.  

That being said, if the cops aren’t following the rules and are corrupt, I want to know, and if my ex wife is breaking the law, I also want to know that.  I think that any reasonable person would.  If you had a clue about the false police reports and other things that have happened you may feel differently.  I’m dealing with a woman that has literally faked cancer among a dozen other illnesses, faked careers, college degrees, you name it, including designing the avionics system for a plane that she couldn’t explain one piece of.  So if she’s talking about me to the cops it’s in my best interest to know and to shut that down, and if that involves a lawsuit I have no problem writing it.  

So, if you have a problem with my evil criminal background and the horrible victim attitude I possess I’m sorry for offending your deep sensitivities but I really don’t need to hear any more about it unless you have anything of actual substance to offer.

Thank you.

 [deleted] See the other post I just wrote, it’s more complicated than that. This is factually incorrect.  

The Driver Privacy Protection Act prevents you from looking up my driving records legally,  (Criminal records may or may not be different, I have no idea.)

So, as I see it, there are three basic scenarios: 

1. She had a PI look up my records (legal) and told the cops, which I think would be legal albeit unlikely.

2. She lied to the cops about knowledge of my license and they looked it up based on her lies.  (Unknown legality, but likely no wrongdoing by the police)

3. She asked the cops to look up my license and they did for no reason (also unknown legality, this is what I’m asking about)

That’s what I’m trying to sort out.

Either way, my kids told me that she said I had a suspended license to them, which is a certain violation of the driver privacy protection act unless she got the info from a PI, which should be easy to prove if that’s the case.  

So fundamentally my civil rights were violated most likely, it’s just a matter of by whom and in which way.  

As you might imagine, it’s a contracted fight between her and I and I have no beef with the cops except I need to have them tell me what she said in the case of another add on to the already existing lawsuits. [deleted] [deleted] I’ve heard of that too, but not in this case... I saw them waiting for me when I was pulling out of the driveway... i waited a bit but they didn’t move until I pulled out then they immediately followed me.  I figured it was a thug or someone to try to intimidate me, but I drove relatively normally until I got pulled over for doing 10 over in an area that normally wouldn’t pull you over unless you’re going 15 or 20 over.  It was clearly a setup.  

Not that I didn’t deserve it for having a suspended license, but if the setup is illegal I wanted to know. There is also the chance that it popped up on the computer in the police car when you drove by if they are running license plate readers that can report such things.

Police in some areas get dings whenever a vehicle drives past them with known violations such as yours. Donuts and all :)

/s Thank you for your help!  It’s all in details but she definitely didn’t legally know anything about my license, even I didn’t know it was suspended, an out of state ticket that I forgot about from a year ago.  What she told the cops is a whole ‘nother question however.  

The cops lied to me and we’re super evasive, which I understand isn’t against the law, but definitely made me wonder about this whole mess.   But are you a REAL cop who knows the law and isn't putting their own judgement in to make themselves look good? /s While regulations differ from place to place, in almost all cases police have access to the motor vehicle database. They can check driver licences if they wish, without a warrant.

Your ex evidently did have knowledge of your suspended licence. I see no speculation. Awesome.  Then question 2: what constitutes probable cause in terms of my ex wife saying things that she has no knowledge of?  Can random speculation legitimately be probable cause?   I am a cop. Thank you.  Are you a lawyer or well informed or just speculating?  Not trying to be argumentative, just asking. I’m not denying that I’m at fault, it’s not a big deal, I fixed my license and paid my ticket, totally my fault and responsibility.  That’s not debatable.  

Whether they can run my license for no real reason is the question, and you’ve put your answer in, thank you.  I’m looking for more concrete information from someone who IS a lawyer or relevant case law.   The police received information about a suspended driver.

They checked the information first, which is excellent police work.

They nabbed aforesaid driver.

Yes they can do it. Yes their actions were justified. No you don't have any recourse over whether they were allowed to run your licence. [deleted] Because my ex wife asked them to. [deleted] All valid but not in this case.  What tipped me off is that my kids mentioned it afterwards, meaning she knew that the cops pulled me over despite no way to know that unless her and the cops are talking.  Literally no one else knew other than my fiancé. Even if she told them something else that turned out not to be true, if they ran your license in the course of that investigation and it turned out to be suspended, then they didn't do anything wrong.

Also, if your kids have any sort of visitation with your ex, it's entirely possible that they picked up some of that information about your suspended license and said something that tipped her off. Or if you're still friends with some of the same people, one of them might have mentioned it. I don't know enough about you to know if any of these are feasible, but I know that if someone is interested enough to want to mess with you, they can get information like that without too much hassle in many situations. Looked up my name in the computer I would guess. [deleted] I fixed my license, not a big deal there, but my ex had no way to know anything about my license legally. No question about me being at fault, but I really want to know if they’re allowed to run my license before I show up. Disclaimer: Not a lawyer.

If your ex wife had reason to believe that you were driving on a suspended license, and she told the police that, that would mean they had a cause to run your license.

Please find an alternative means to get your kids to school, as that is not an excuse for driving on a suspended license.

Also if you have not already, seek the advice of a criminal defense attorney. If she did it it's shitty, but nothing more I think. U broke the law driving with an unregistered car. Completely. Are you serious?