Located in or around Tacoma, Washington. He MAY still be in Memphis, Tennessee. Would the answer be different per state?


I loaned a "sort of" ex boyfriend $1020. He paid back $220, and has now blocked me on facebook, stopped replying to texts, and hasn't made a payment in 6 months. I want the rest of my $800 back. I have no idea what his address is, though, but could probably find out his mom's address (if one of our mutual friend's is willing to tell me) and possibly find out his last temporary address if our other mutual friend is willing to tell me. BIG if on that one.


All I know is that he is probably bouncing from temporary location to temporary location every other month. Maybe he has found something more long term, but I'm not sure.


So how do I sue him if I don't have an address?


 To me, even if I pay more than it's worth in money, it would be worth it to me for him to NOT HAVE my money any more. To force him to just do the right thing and pay off his debts he promises to pay off. Every time I gave him money, we agreed he would pay me back. This was never a gift.  He knew it, i knew it, i have it in texts from him and receipts of our payments to each other over the payment app we used. I feel like it would be an easy win in court and would be me taking back whatever money i can from him, even at the expense of a loss, while still learning my lesson not to loan to anyone without going the full nine yards... or just not at all. Definitely sound advice. I certainly learned my lesson here You know, I have thought about that, and a big part of me (maybe stupid, yes, I agree) doesn't care if it costs more than it's worth. He does this to everyone (I now know) and it is so infuriating that he just gets away with it. I don't want him to get away with fucking me over. It's kind of like a matter of principle more than trying to recoup my money. Even if I paid $1,000 to get the $800 back, it would mean HE didn't have it anymore. It would mean he paid his dues. 


I have texts of him saying he would repay me and receipts of my loans to him and his payments to me. I feel like I've watched enough Judge Judy to know I have a winning amount of evidence. It's just a matter of HOW do I serve him when i dont know his address? It seems P.I. is the way to go here. I really appreciate your input. 

Maybe im being too prideful with this loan, mostly because of the amount, but I want him to do the right thing even if I have to pay for it and force him to legally.

 Honestly, your suggestion for loans is exactly the advice I will take in the future. Thank you so much You can hire a private investigator to track him down. Having said that, you're talking about a small claims court case that's literally spanning the entire country. Feasibly, it's not worth your time and effort to pursue. You're likely going to spend more money trying to recoup the remaining $800 dollars than chalking it up as a gift rather than a loan.  Yeah, some of life's lessons are expensive.

Learn from it and don't loan stuff to dirtbags in the future. In my state it costs like $150 to start the process (if I remember correctly) and then it is long and drawn out, go to court, etc.  And I did need an address, and then they said I had the wrong one and had to go back and update, go to another court date.

Is this worth ~$800?  Can you chalk this up to an $800 lesson on who not to loan money?  (e.g. any money lent to family or SO should be looked at as a gift, even if they say they will pay you back) Realistically? You don't waste your time, you eat the $800, and you move on with your life. You take this as a life lesson that you never loan money without a promissory note, a pay stub, SSN, and a canceled check. You can sue, you'll likely need to serve notice by publication (which costs more), and then you'll get a judgment that is hard/impossible to collect.