 my sis has multiple medical issues she is in a walker and has grand maul seizures. sis is also manic-depressive has had multiple brain surgeries and a shunt and drainage tube to help relive water pressure build up in her brain. recently my mother retired form Clark county school district. over the past week sis has had at least 10 grand maul seizures and every time i tell mom the call 911. mom refuses to do so and i am afraid to call cause sis has had a ambulance bill her for a ride to the hospital before. My question is am i going to be held liable if mom wont call 911 and something happens where my sister falls has a seizure and cracks her head open. i have tried to get mom to get guardianship of her but mom refuses to do so. i live with my mom and so does my sis. sis and i are both over 30. sis has disability and SSDI this issue is in lost vegas NV. Look up the threshold for medical emergency when it comes to seizures. Usually it is considered a medical emergency if the person suffers more than one seizure within 5 minutes or if they are back to back with less than five minutes between. They may not be worried about the 5 or 6 in an hour. I would call the doctor and tell them what you have witnessed and ask for clarification. Include your mother in that call so she can hear if they instruct you to call 911 due to multiple seizures in the span of an hour or the series of seizures. They also train seizure detection dogs whose job is to get the person to a safe area so they can have their seizure and not worry about injury. What I have been told by her doctor is that they suspect they may be psudoseizures. If she has one seizure then I don't worry if she has multiple in 1 day. Or has 5 or 6 of them in 1 hour or in a series 1 after another, that's when I worry. She has had multiple EEGs some over several days and nothing shows up. The fear I have is sis will have fall hit her head and crack it open while having a seizure. She has had a concussion from a fall then ensuring seizure. One time she passed out at the dining table and if I did not catch her she could have been injured. How long are her seizures? Usually if they are less than five minutes it is not considered an emergency. More than five minutes or more than one seizure in a five to ten minute time frame is considered an emergency. Also what are her physicians instructions? They may have instructed your mom to not call 911 unless the seizure lasts longer than a certain length of time. Do you live with them? If you don't then you really don't know what is going on and yes a seizure looks scary but if it doesn't go over a certain period of time then she doesn't need to go to the hospital. Sit down and talk with your mom and find out what the physicians instructions are, then follow those. Do you live there too? You can certainly call 911. 