       Never posted here, so I apologize if there is an SOP that I'm not following. Just looking for advice for a buddy. 
        My neighbor was on his way home from work last night, after working a 14 hour day, and ended up being "the cause" of a multiple car pile up. He said the police never labelled him as being the cause of the crash, but he believes that he was. 
         He said, "Man, I was just cruising along, keeping speed with the cars in front of me, jamming to some music just trying to make it home. I don't even know what really happened. We were all cruising just fine, then all I see is brake lights and the rear end of the car in front of me before I slammed into him. Then he slammed into the car in front of him, and so on." 
          They were on a highway were the traveling speed is 60 MPH. His issue is, that he didn't have insurance on his personal vehicle. He almost always drives a work truck that he is insured on. 
          Being that most times, the driver that does the rear ending is found at fault, he's pretty sure he's going to get in legal trouble.    His insurance lapsed on his personal vehicle months ago, after he started using a work truck. 
       His license is valid, and his car was legal with plates and registration, just no insurance. This is his first car accident he's even been in, and he's 28. He wasn't under the influence of anything, other than sleep deprivation. 
        What sort of ramifications is he soon to be facing, and what's the best route for him to take to be proactive against what's coming? He's afraid he could face jail time, and lose his license which would ruin his Job. He's been working for a company that cleans up dangerous chemical spills all over the state. He's a lead "Hasmat technician" (I believe that's what he said his job title was) and he's on call 24 hours a day. 
         If he loses his license, what steps could he take to apply for a "hardship license"? Once again, not sure if all of my terminology is correct or not, but any information would be extremely helpful, and hopefully put his mind to ease. I'm telling him he needs to be proactive on this, but he doesn't know where to start.  Did he already get a ticket for driving without insurance? Were there injuries involved or property damage? 

He's going to be personally on the hook for 10s or hundreds of thousands of dollars here. He should start by getting insurance so this doesn't happen again, his explanation of the accident makes it seem like he was following way too closely and was too fatigued to be driving. 