 Hello everyone, I am posting here because I am seeking advice about how to bring my father back to the USA from Portugal. My father was deported in September of 2008. It has been over ten years now and I believe he is elligible to return. A bit of background, my father came to America though Canada on what he believed to be a legitimate visa which turns out was not. He was ordered to go to court ( I believe this had something to do with him being illegal) some years after he had already beeen in the usa. He failed to go to court and also durring the time he was in the USA he took a trip to Portugal ( I am not sure if this was before or after he was told to go to court). Another factor which your responses to my question might depend on is the fact that he and my mother were married and my mother became legal but they divorced before he became legal. He missed a lot of child support he was supposed to pay. I was young when all this happened and when he was deported i was 12. I am now 23 and I would like to know how I can bring him back to the USA, he also worked for many years while living in the usa and he needs to be able to claim that for when he retires. Im not sure if he wants to necessarily move back here or just be able to visit. If you need more details please let me kno. I know I can find this information online but I am getting confused with all the different forms that seem so similar and also if you know about the timeline of how the process would be until he can come to the usa and how likely it is, I would be interested in that info as well. I appreciate your time and hope you can help me.  If he owes back child support and didn't pay it, he can be arrested upon returning to the USA and / or denied entry. Your mother could have gone to court to garnish his pension or 401K or social security and may still be able. She should consult an attorney to investigate the matter. Not showing up for court could also be a serious issue. You'd need an immigration attorney, but the fact that he probably owes tens of thousands of dollars of child support and would have been arrested for it has he stayed in the US doesn't bode well. I wouldn't bank on him gaining any money from this process, no matter how long her worked here. 