 Long story short, my friend had a really bad trip putting my life and his in danger so my last resort was to call 911. Cops and EMTs show up, my pupils are obviously dilated so I admit to taking the drug as well. However, we ingested everything we had and they did not find any LSD in my possession. They did however say it smelt like weed in my place but once again did not find any cannabis in possession. Cops start interrogating me asking where I got the acid, how I know him, etc. They take my ID, my friend to the hospital, and the sheriff tells me that there will be a drug investigative team contacting me within the week. This leads me to the question: Am I going to be facing criminal charges and can they blackmail me into becoming a criminal informant? As long as my friend ends up okay I don’t really have to give them much more information right? Would love some advice here. Thank you.  None of this will happen. No charges will be made GUARANTEED. It's acid. If it's not easy to charge you they aren't gonna fuck with that LSD is not for everybody. Do not take if you have psych problems!!! You didn't mention being attacked. Advice: make friends who seem to be non-violent and don't take psychedelics drugs. They aren't for champs like you 😉 I called the fucking ambulance. I was being attacked by him what else am I supposed to do? Thanks for the advice though champ. Really??. You ate acid and called the cops??? If this is the type of thing that happens when you take drugs then you should tell everyone you know that you are the type of person who calls the cops while tripping. You should stop taking any psychedelics and sit alone in a room by yourself forever. If you keep your mouth shut and don't do anything dumb from here on out the police may just give up on you. That doesn't mean they won't try to press you for more information, or try to intimidate you with threats. The best way for you to handle this is to talk to a lawyer and get real legal advice from someone familiar with your local cops. Just having a lawyer representing you will discourage the police from proceeding further. I’m in Florida if that means anything, and no paraphernalia was found. I have a clean record as well.  Possession of narcotics, paraphernalia if they found anything they think they can say you used to carry, distribute, prepare, or ingest drugs. Being high is classed as possession in some jurisdictions. What could they charge me for? You haven't been yet, but that doesn't mean you won't be. So am I being charged? There was no written arrest afaik 1. Stop talking to the police. 2. Hire an attorney. 3. Really, stop talking to the police, at all, about anything.