I work for the Surveyors office in my county. We maintain the drainage for the county and some of the drains cross railroads.

Under Indiana drainage law we have a 75' from top of bank or middle of tile (150' minimum width depends on bank width) that we use to maintain the drains. I occasionally have to cross railroads when doing inspections on drains.

I recently had a run in with the Railroad Police about trespassing on the railroad by crossing it at a non-road crossing (I was crossing in our right of way of the drain). We sent out notice to the land owners in the area saying that we would be using the right of way to inspect the drain on that date and included the railroad in that mailing. I'm thinking they specifically send the RR police out there that day to harass me for crossing (we are currently in a legal fight with the railroads about them paying for another project).

The police told me if they catch me crossing again they would write me a ticket for crossing, and I told them to fuck off because I have a legal right to cross there because it is within our right of way for the drain. Their response was they are only able to be regulated federally so our right of ways don't extend to the rail road. Indiana law disagrees.

Part of my job is inspecting the drains and I cross railroads regularly. I have no doubt some time in this future I'm going to end up in court fighting a ticket. My questions basically is can I consider this harassment? We never have had run-ins with the RR police before and they are just now seeming to show up to the spots we say we are going to cross when we send out legal notifications. And can they actually give me a ticket/would it be upheld for trespassing where I have a legal right of way to travel in? I'm Norwegian (and work on the railroad here) but I think our railroad laws were inspired by the British and American, so hopefully this comment can still be useful. I'm thinking maybe you should have had safety personell from the company that owns the railroad infrastrucutre with you when you crossed. They would have called train trafiic controll and asked for permition. Train craffic control would have said yes, your section of the tracks are yours for a certain amount of time (and not sent any trains your way in that amount of time), or no, you have to wait, a train is heading your way. Then, when you had permission, you could have done your work safely, knowing that there were no other activity on your part of the rails. This is standart procedure and in my job, and, obviously, has to do with safety. I know they're trying to stick it to you, but the thing they will fall back on is the safety aspect. You have to get a flagger from the RR to be legit in the RR ROW.

Even "under the direct supervision of a licensed professional land surveyor" the trespassing thing is tricky. Often times its not worth fighting over.

Edit: guess I should clarify that I am not a lawyer, this is not legal advice, blah, blah... this is just what I know from my experience.  That is the law for the railroad. My legal authority comes from

Indiana Code 36-9-27-33. Right of entry over private land; extension of spoil banks beyond right-of-way

Sec. 33. (a) The county surveyor, the board, or an authorized representative of the surveyor or the board acting under this chapter has the right of entry over and upon land lying within seventy-five (75) feet of any regulated drain. The seventy-five (75) foot limit shall be measured at right angles to:
(1) the center line of any tiled drain; and (2) the top edge of each bank of an open drain; as determined by the surveyor.
(b) Spoil bank spreading resulting from the construction, reconstruction, or maintenance of an open drain may extend beyond the seventy-five (75) foot right-of-way if:
(1) the county surveyor finds that the extension is necessary; and
(2) the extension has been provided for in the engineer’s report on the construction, reconstruction, or maintenance.
(c) All persons exercising the right given by this section shall, to the extent possible, use due care to avoid damage to crops, fences, buildings, and other structures outside of the right-of-way, and to crops and approved structures inside the right-of-way. The county surveyor shall give oral or written notice of the entry on the land to the property owner of record, and in the case of a municipality, to the executive of that municipality. The notice must state the purpose for the entry.
(d) The owners of land over which the right-of-way runs may use the land in any manner consistent with this chapter and the proper operation of the drain. Permanent structures may not be placed on any right-of-way without the written consent of the board. Temporary structures may be placed upon or over the right-of-way without the written consent of the board, but shall be removed immediately by the owner when so ordered by the board or by the county surveyor. Crops grown on a right-of-way are at the risk of the owner, and, if necessary in the reconstruction or maintenance of the drain, may be damaged without liability on the part of the surveyor, the board, or their representatives. Trees, shrubs, and woody vegetation may not be planted in the right-of-way without the written consent of the board, and trees and shrubs may be removed by the surveyor if necessary to the proper operation or maintenance of the drain.
(e) This subsection applies to new regulated drains established after September 1, 1984, and to urban drains. Except as provided in subsection (f), the board may reduce the seventy-five (75) foot right-of-way requirement of subsections (a) and (b) to any distance of not less than:
(1) twenty-five (25) feet from the top of each bank of an open ditch; and
(2) fifteen (15) feet from the center line of any tiled drain; as measured at right angles.
(f) This subsection applies only to a platted subdivision. Upon the recommendation of the county surveyor, the board may further reduce the right-of-way for any tiled drain, including a tiled urban drain that was reduced under subsection (e)(2). However, the board shall not make a reduction that results in a right-of-way that is:
(1) less than seven (7) feet from each side of the center line as measured at right angles; or
(2) less than the recommendation made by the county surveyor. (g) A reduction of a right-of-way under subsection (e) or (f) does not:
(1) affect a public utility’s use of; or
(2) deprive a public utility of the use of; the right-of-way if, at the time the right-of-way is reduced, the public utility is occupying and using the right-of-way for the location of the public utility’s structures, including pipelines, electric lines, or any related structures.
(h) The surveyor, the board, or an authorized representative of the surveyor or the board acting under this chapter does not commit criminal trespass under IC 35-43-2-2. As added by Acts 1981, P.L.309, SEC.101. Amended by P.L.206-1984, SEC.3; P.L.76-1989, SEC.6; P.L.145-2013, SEC.1.  Ind. Code Ann. 8-3-15-3
Sec. 3 . (a) A person who rides, drives, or walks on or along the right-of-way or yard of a railroad company at a place other than a public crossing commits a Class B misdemeanor.

(b) “Right-of-way” means the track or roadbed owned or leased by a railroad which is located on either side of its tracks and which is readily recognizable to a reasonable person as being railroad property or is reasonably identified as such by fencing or appropriate signs.

(c) “Yard” means a system of parallel tracks, cross-overs, and switches where cars are switched and made up into trains, and where cars, locomotives, and other rolling stock are kept when not in use or awaiting repairs.

(d) This section does not apply to:

(1) passengers on trains or employees of a railroad company while engaged in the performance of their duties;

(2) picketing by railroad employees in the vicinity of entrances to railroad company property;

(3) an authorized representative of the railroad employees;

(4) a person going upon the right-of-way or into the yard to save human life or to protect property;

(5) a person being on the station grounds or in the depot of the railroad company as a passenger or for the purpose of transacting business;

(6) a person, or the person's family or employees going upon the right-of-way for the purpose of crossing from one (1) part to another part of a farm the person owns or leases, where the farm lies on both sides of the right-of-way;

(7) a person having written permission from the railroad company to go upon the right-of-way;

(8) representatives of the Indiana department of transportation;

(9) representatives of the federal Surface Transportation Board;  or

(10) a professional surveyor or a professional surveyor's employees who are on the right-of-way or in the yard for the purpose of making land surveys. Trespassing is a state crime.  Property ownership (including easements) is a state issue.  While many federal regulations govern railroads, this is not the case here. State law gives me the right to be there. The railroads claim to be unaffected by state laws. That's the issue here. I'm unfamiliar with "railroad police" but after a little research they seem to be a real thing.  Anyway, if you have a legal right to be there, you can't be charged with trespassing.  Whether or not you have a right to be there would depend on the language of the easement.  It very likely that the easement includes inspection and maintenance so as long as you are there in your official capacity, you would not be able to be convicted of trespassing. That's a question of specific facts that a lawyer would need to advise you on. Aren't railroad police state level and thus constrained by state laws though? It seems clear cut I would have the advantage under state law. Yikes.

Given the history of regulatory disputes regarding railroads and the issues of federal vs state jurisdiction, and given your supervisor's ineffective response, I think you would be wise to sit down with a local attorney before this becomes a real problem. I asked my boss about this and he said its never been an issue before and only said that the county doesn't pay for tickets.