My bf is currently going through a nasty divorce. His wife is trying to go after his house and his car. Both were purchased during the marriage but her name isn’t on either of them and they had Separate accounts. He tried to resolve things with her, and tell her they both walk away with what they have she hasn’t paid for his shit he hasn’t paid for hers. But she wants a piece of his pie. So I told him to go after her car and she has a Sundance vacation package. 

She has since refinanced her car into her mother’s name and taken her name off of it to keep him from going after it. What can we do here? Can he still go after her car? He’s also still going after her vacation package.  You keep saying "separate accounts" but that probably has no bearing on assets like a house purchased during a marriage. 

I get that you feel it's unfair, but your boyfriend really needs to work this out with his lawyer.

As far as the car goes - she had it refinanced, so does that mean she owes money on it? Is it possible she refinanced it so she could afford payments? In my first marriage we both had pretty expensive cars. When we decided to divorce, I knew I could not afford the more expensive car payment so I traded in the car I was driving for one much less expensive and much lower payments. My soon to be ex was glad I did that because he certainly didn't want to have the company come after him when I could no longer make the car payment for a pretty fancy sports car and it got repo'd.  no we don’t not have an attorney. Two weeks ago we found out the attorney that was representing him had her license suspended. So we need a new attorney.  Does he or does he not have a divorce attorney representing him and his interests?

The best way to answer your questions would be to direct those questions to his divorce attorney, and in the absence of one, get one.

I know that sounds an awful lot like a punt -- and it is, because it's likely the best answer to the questions you have.  Divorces can be messy, especially with martial assets on the line, what with all the specific details and nuances of their unique situation, and a divorce attorney is the best possible person in the world to help with that. Well she’s already done it. With months between courts dates we found out she refinanced it months ago. Honestly we don’t even want her car. We just want her to stop going after his house that she’s never paid for and hasn’t paid for in years. They have been separated for years.  Yes, during a divorce, it is not proper to take marital assets and conceal them, or try and make them non-marital assets by transferring them to someone else or things like that.  Otherwise we'd all just drain our bank accounts and title our cars under someone else's name so that they couldn't be divvied up during the divorce.

His lawyer would likely be interested to know about what she's attempting to do. We recently have come into a situation and need to retain a new attorney. All of the assets were purchased during the marriage from separate accounts. She DOES technically have a claim to the house since t was purchased during marriage. I understand that part. But her refinancing her car is wrong just so he can’t go after her assets. Is that correct?  All of the assets were purchased during the marriage from separate accounts.  Thank you for your advice. We recently lost our attorney and will be retaining a new one shortly. I was just hoping to send her the discovery request myself. Before retaining them to maybe help save a little bit of money.  If the house and car were purchased before the marriage, or the funds used to purchase them was in a separate account from before the marriage then he can argue it’s separate property, but might be on the hook for appreciation during the marriage depending on the length of the marriage.

If she is trying to hide assets before they end up in court, it should be pretty easy to show she had the car before the final settlement and is attempting to hide assets, which courts will usually take a pretty dim view of.

Either way, nasty divorce usually means you need to get a lawyer involved.  She can ask for anything she wants, but it’s up to the judge to decide what is fair, so the more games she plays trying to hide assets and the more shenanigans he can prove, the better off he’ll be when the judge makes his ruling. &gt;She has since refinanced her car into her mother’s name and taken her name off of it to keep him from going after it.

This *might* be an attempt at hiding/concealing a marital asset.

If they obtained the house and car during the course of the marriage, then those things may be marital property and she may actually have some kind of claim to them, or a portion of them.

Your boyfriend should consult with the divorce attorney representing him about these things, and if he doesn't have one, get one.