Ok, I'm fuming and unsure what to do.  I was behind 5 months rent on my storage unit, I made a verbal agreement to pay the total past amount owed in one month.  I went to the unit to get some Xmas stuff and discovered my lock had been cut off and and a new one was there.  I called the owners like WTF and they informed me that before they agreed to let me pay the past balance in one month, they cut off my lock to "check the contents" of the unit to make sure I had not "abandoned it".  I was NOT happy, but said ok, and I put a new lock on.  


Then a week later, I get a call from the owners that my storage unit has been broken into, both locks are cut, and that they have put another new lock on.  I told them I would not agree to pay anything until they showed me what was in there.  As expected, EVERYTHING of value has been stolen (around $5,000 total), and the place looks just like in the movies when a room is ransacked.  I filed a police report, but they said this happens all the time, and I am certain everything is gone for good.  


I'm extremely flustered for several reasons.  Besides feeling violated and all that, I DO NOT find it a coincidence that one week after they cut my lock off to "check my contents", it is suddenly broken into and ransacked.  I have had the unit for over 6 years and never had an issue.  


There are no cameras out there and everything will be my word against theirs, and they have considerably more resources than I do.  Is this worth fighting, or am I just screwed? Thanks for that insight.  They had not begun any sort of "lien and foreclosure", this is definitely a mom and pop shop owner.  The rent is extremely cheap, $30/mo, and I would say that in the 7 years I've had this storage unit, I probably paid twice a year the entire time.  So my "verbal agreement" to pay next month has basically always been par for the course.  They would call and ask if I could pay off the balance in the next month or so, I'd say yes, pay it, and repeat.  


Anyway, I know I am 100% screwed, and my stuff is gone forever.  Expensive lesson, but a lesson learned.  No, they did not send any notice. It is NOT illegal for them to remove your lock and put their own until you pay your rent. Former Storage Facility Manager here. Your lock was cut during the lien and foreclosure process. They must inventory contents for when they publish the auction ad. An above board place will video the lock cut process and/or take photographs. There should be a written inventory of items they can see from the door. 

If this is a legit storage company and not a mom and pop shop, those terms will be addressed in your lease. Typically lien and foreclosure begins at 31 days delinquency, but it could be longer. Lien and foreclosure also entails certified letter notification, ad published in the local paper, documented phone calls attempting to collect, etc.

As for the break-in, when you store items the lease usually specifies 'at your own risk'. This means the company isn't responsible for break-ins, storm damage, mold, and other scenarios spelled out in the verbiage. This is why they tell you to either have renter's insurance or sign up for their protection plan. You generally sign up or sign a waiver at the time of rental.

If you agreed to a payment plan or amnesty (pay so much and move out within 24 hours), you should definitely get it I writing. You will need that documentation should you decide to sue.

As for the break-in, you can call the police to come out and take a report. You will get a case number. Don't expect much beyond that I'm afraid. It will also be difficult to hold the facility responsible.

I would advise looking up the lien and foreclosure laws for your state. If they didn't follow them, you can take them to court and potentially win multiples of your items worth. Are you sure they did not send you the required notice?  From the link: "the notice is presumed delivered when it is sent to the occupant by verified mail to the occupant's last known mailing address."  There is also mention of a delivery receipt, but IANAL. Cutting my lock was most definitely illegal, and there are a number of things they must do before they can just take my stuff, if that is what they were planning to do.    


[http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/ilcs/ilcs3.asp?ActID=2262&amp;ChapterID=63](http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/ilcs/ilcs3.asp?ActID=2262&amp;ChapterID=63)  


&amp;#x200B; I think you're correct.  I hate all this shit. As I was pointing out that they did not have a cut lock on the ground I realized I could have easily picked up it up to make them look more guilty.  Also, now that I know there are no cameras out there, I feel like they (owners) could even try to make the argument that I staged the whole thing because I was mad about them cutting my lock off.   


That said, them cutting my lock off is DEFINITELY not legal by IL storage unit laws. You contacted the police and they will investigate.

&amp;#x200B;

I'd check your contract as far as the lock situation but its likely since you were five months behind they are in the clear and it sounds like common practice for storage units, these things sound like they get abandoned a lot, there are literally shows based on it.

&amp;#x200B;

Hopefully you ensured you had proper insurance coverage for items in the storage unit and submit it to your insurance carrier. &gt;I DO NOT find it a coincidence that one week after they cut my lock off to "check my contents", it is suddenly broken into and ransacked.

That's a reasonable way to feel.  But you would likely need to establish the relationship between the events as fact to prevail in any kind of litigation over this event.  The coincidence is likely not enough to create a prevailing argument.

