(UK) I honestly don't know if this is the right sub to post this on, but I figured someone may be able to point me in the right direction or advise me on my next move. 

Throwaway account because I don't want this tying back to my main go-to account, as a few friends / relative follow it etc.

I'll try and keep it to the point but it's not something I can explain quickly. I'll probably put a TLDR at the bottom.

A couple years back I moved away from my home city, and began living on my own quite a distance away from my relatives. This naturally meant I had to change everything including doctor's, etc.

Unfortunately I got very, very sick one day and I began going to a GP regularly.

During a check-up, the GP mentioned something along the lines of "You're doing pretty well in your situation everything considered"

I was a bit confused so I asked politely for her to elaborate, as I didn't follow what she was referring to.

She then began to explain that considering I had Asperger's, I was doing very well not to obssess over the symptoms I was experiencing (for the other condition, which I was seeing the GP for).

This understandably freaked me out a little, and after a bit of dialogue she showed me some files confirming the Asperger's diagnosis, letters that had been sent to my parents and some back and forth between my old GP and the hospital that diagnosed me with it when I was little.

The the current GPs credit, she sat with me and tried to get me up to some form of speed of what's happened but I now have a ton of questions and no-answers.

I have always felt a bit off growing up, school was a shit experience all around and I've always felt different in a bad way. I asked my parents repeatedly and they told me I was normal. I went to my old GP and he said I was normal. I went to therapy for three years, and they said I had no other conditions bar anxiety.

I even flat-out asked them if I had it, as my best friends also suffer from the condition and I had a lot of similarities with them, but again I was told I was fine. The last time I asked was at 18, and I still was told I don't have it.

I then changed cities, and an Asperger's diagnosis is on my medical file, clear as day. - I've had to live with this for the past 20 or so years and I've struggled every step of the way up until this point.

I'm now in a bit of a predicament. I don't know what to do next. I want to get as much information about myself as possible, as clearly at this point I can't trust anyone bar myself. 

Should I file a freedom of information request, or should I just go and ask for it?

Is there anything I should specifically not do? 

I just want answers, ideally without burning any bridges or holding anyone to the torch. Despite feeling intense anger when I initially found out, it's somewhat subsided. 

I just want to know more.  [removed] [removed] With respect to you it does appear there are at least a handful of cases where children that present with autism cease to exhibit symptoms that have them fit the criteria. My guess is that these children are either misdiagnosed or learn coping mechanisms so well that they simply don't meet the criteria.

And perhaps my comment above will shed light on why I said what I said here or have anything to say on the matter.

(https://slate.com/technology/2015/09/is-autism-permanent-some-children-diagnosed-with-autism-seem-to-grow-out-of-the-core-symptoms.html)
Edit.
I apologize. My initial reply probably reads a little stiff and that was not my intent. [removed] Yep, the same way staring at the sun is overstimulating for NT people. The brain sees a lot of stimuli and thinks "IM UNDER ATTACK STOP IT!" and releases distress chemicals (Same as if you get burned or stabbed). Your eyes don't actually have pain nerve endings, your brain just has evolved to scream "IM UNDER ATTACK" if it senses a ton of light knowing it can damage it (Evolution).

Staring hurts some autist's brains because the brain responds the same way. Staring directly into the sun is NOT recommended because it WILL damage your eyes, but the feeling doesn't hurt, it's just overstimulating your brain until it senses it as pain and you get an URGE to look away or close your eyes. Staring into the sun feels the same as staring into someones eyes for some people. 

Sounds RIDICULOUS to NT people, but it happens. Some people vomit when they see a specific color, etc. Signals can get crossed.   You know how you stare at the sun, and your eyes water, and you try not to blink but it's hard? It HURTS your eyes, right? But where does it hurt? Try and actually pinpoint the place your eyes hurt when you stare at the sun... You can't! The "Pain" is actually in your brain. Your brain releases the same chemicals as pain, and is getting the signal, but not from any particular place. Your brain evolved to "Hurt" when you do anything damaging, and since your retinas don't sense pain from light, your brain just sends a pain signal when it sees a lot of sensory input. It hurts! For people with autism, it's like the nerves get crossed in the brain. Signals get mixed up. Certain colors can actually hurt as much as pinning someones eyes open and forcing them to stare at the sun. Certain sounds can too. And it can be overloading. It doesn't hurt like a sharp pain, it's ultra-sensitive and uncomfortable, because the brain is getting a "Distress/pain" signal. 

Well this is the reason why I am SO AGAINST therapy for autistic children that aren't for them. Therapy to teach kids how to communicate their needs help. Occupational Therapy to learn how to manage money can help. Teaching people with autism to make eye contact (Parents do this) is TORTURING your kid so they will "Look Normal" at the expense of pain not unlike staring at the sun. 

Making eye contact is uncomfortable and painful for SOME autistic people. My wife and I included. Not just hard, but it's actually PAINFUL, which to most people, seems crazy. Most people think "WTF, That is impossible, looking isnt painful" and yet, look at an MRI scan. Brain responds to the same way as any other pain.

TL;DR DO NOT FORCE AN AUTISTIC PERSON TO MAKE EYE CONTACT UNLESS YOU'D BE COMFORTABLE STABBING THEM WITH A TACK! BOTH ARE PAINFUL TO SOME PEOPLE!

Source: I am autistic, and so is my wife. 

/u/Anonemoosity You should see this too. [removed] You are always going to have autism, and that won't change. But as you learn to deal with it and cope, you are able to handle things yourself better, which means you require less care, even if you are just as autistic. That's why they changed it, because Aspergers is too generic, and implies you can "Grow out of it" when you can't. Someone might not fit the definition of Aspergers anymore because they learn to hide the signs but they still have Autism. 

That's why the amount of care you need can change. ASD1/2/3 is much better at determining what level someone has.  Yup. If I maintain eye contact despite that inner urge to look away, my eyes water. The best way I can describe it is the nervous system is screaming at you to drop the eye contact because of overstimulation. I've never had my eyes water, but my eyes will slide away from contact without me asking them to. I've also detected a bit of fear in the reaction and the feeling of hiding from not making eye contact.  [removed] I didnt know the full extent of ASD1/2/3 does this only apply to aduts with ASD? For instance, I needed extra care when I was younger however now, no one even knows I have the disorder. Do people move through the spectrum as they age?  This happens with me too. Eyes water like crazy. What is this due to? Both me and my wife's eyes water from pain/discomfort when looking into anyone's eyes. Like it feels uncomfortable... [removed] Sorry, but that's total bullshit. 

Autistic children become autistic adults.

Although Asperger's isn't a diagnosis anymore. 

It's harder to see because adults often already know how to fit in, but it's still there, and the struggles and challenges are still there. You never "grow out of it", but sometimes you can go from requiring full time care to being independent.
They will always have it, even if being retested it would be harder to see/borderline. All the differences are internal and not something easy to see. And it changes into struggling to understand humor, focus in class, etc. 

Wikipedia didn't have a citation or source for that. Because one person wrote it doesn't make it true, since no studies have shown that. (Not surprised because it's not true, and I grew up with autism, my wife grew up with it too and studied it/psychology) Just to elaborate on what /u/Hicrayert said:

Correct that Asperger's is not a diagnosis according to the DSM handbook. The problem is that everyone with Aspergers is different. Some people can speak, some can't. People have not just one scale, but 5 or 6 different scales when looking at ASD. 

ASD is based off of how much support you need. An ASD1 diagnosis means you have autism but require no special care. ASD2 means you require care sometimes, and ASD3 means you're not independent and require someone to care for you full time. This was to better represent the severity of the challenges. 
Source: ASD1 with an ASD2 wife.  [removed] [removed] [removed] With the NHS, all your medical records are meant to end up with your current GP eventually. Unless something got lost, the old GP won't have anything more. Just to add a nonlegal comment. Asperger's is no longer a desies classified under the DSM. It now is considered Autisim Spectrum disorder "ASD" and as someone who grew up with asperger's, it really is a spectrum. I am someone who needed meds until i was around 9. The In school I got a little extra time in a quiet classroom on tests. Now I get no benifits what so ever in education or work but i have to constantly relise where my personality differes and how to properly converse. It may sound weird but practice looking people in the eyes when you talk. I will feal weird but you gotta relise we are the different ones. Everyone has something different,this is what we got. Now we have to adapt and use it to our advantage. Gl in your future  [removed] It also wouldn't hurt to send the request to your old GP as well. Not sure if it works the same or not, but I'm an inpatient nurse in the US and when sending records to doctors and nursing homes, we usually just send an H&amp;P and the latest progress report. You'd be more assured of getting everything if you make that request to your old doctor and asking for it all.  It sounds like your current GP has been sent all your previous GP records so I would make the request with them.  Thank you! - should I make the request to my current GP, or my former one?

 [removed] You can request access to your medical records from your GP. There is more information here: https://www.nhs.uk/using-the-nhs/about-the-nhs/how-to-access-your-health-records/

You may find it useful to have some more information and support from places like The National Autistic Society: https://www.autism.org.uk Since this is the top comment, for anyone else viewing this topic in the UK in the same situation as OP, as far as I know the 1998 Data Protection Act entitles you to request and receive your medical records.

Edit: 1998 act since been updated because of gdpr - the current act passed by Parliament is the 2018 data protection act.  I wasn't diagnosed with it till I was in my 40s. As the previous poster has said it's a spectrome. If you want more information or help you could try the the national autism society. On www.autism.org.uk they have done very good leaflets and Information. They helped me after I was diagnosed with Asperger's. Also every one has s right to see you medical notes.  Well I don't know how it works in the UK or USA for that matter, but in general if I understand correctly you basically just want your medical journal as to understand what's going on?  


If so at least where I'm from (Sweden) medical journals can be requested by the patient themselves (Valid id needed obviously) no problem. Only side note here is the cost per page printed as it is by standard confidential information so PDFs or any other form of digital document (outside of the journal system itself) is prohibited. So most places handling confidential documents usually charge a lil bit per page both as a way to "pay for the paper" and as a deterent to not have people ask for their 500+ journal pages lol. Adult diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder - particularly high-functioning variants - is extremely difficult. Child diagnosis is significantly more accurate. A second diagnosis isn't going to help much here. [removed] [removed] I'd be doubtful about dismissing that diagnosis simply because of one remark by the Doctor. Asperger's, sufferers of which are now diagnosed in the UK as suffering from Autistic Spectrum Disorder, is exactly that: a spectrum. People don't necessarily have exactly the same symptoms, and in many cases sufferers manage to adapt and overcome some of the effects, through learning the rules of social interaction which others understand instinctively.

The fact that this is the case, and that OP has apparently managed to do better than might have been expected, is not cause to doubt the diagnosis.

It also goes without saying that nothing in your comment constitutes legal advice, and as such I don't really see how it's relevant. Even if they were misdiagnosed, which I think isn't the case, the fact is that OP's diagnosis was still kept from them, which is the basis of their complaint. [removed] You could try to get your medical records from your previous doctor's office. In the U.S., a physician will follow the parents' wishes while the patient is under 18 years old. However, if after they turn 18 and ask for anything (records, etc...) then they can just request it.  &gt;conditioned myself to act "normal" 

oof ouch strong relate. very common among HFA folks. we often teach ourselves not to self-stim &amp; lose our most important coping skill, leading to unexplained, hard-to-cure anxiety. 

The most important thing to remember now is that dealing with your symptoms is not about making you appear less autistic or making other people happy, it's about learning to be a functional person (being able to work and have a social life etc) and be happy.  Your questions would probably be best answered on r/LegalAdviceUK since this sub deals mostly with the US and Canada.  I know in the US that medical records are exempt from freedom of information requests due to the potential of the being misused.  If you do a search there should be many autism and Asperger's support sites in the UK that can also provide you with more information. Might go prod that sub at some point, about to head to bed.

I'm not seeking any charge or anything like that with my family / former GP. It wouldn't accomplish anything. Hey there. That sounds like a really tough discovery: that your family and GP hid a diagnosis from you, especially given you don’t appear to have been provided with tools and professional help to understand yourself that could help you. You obviously can seek assistance from specialists - therapists, psychologists etc - with experience in Autism.


For legal advice on whether what your family and GP did was legal or not, try /r/legaladviceuk. Best of luck.  Thank you! - it's an odd situation because realistically I'm just trying to get information but I just wanted to know the best way about it without executing a serious legal process e.g. freedom of information request.

I wouldn't say I'm brave, I mean I can't change it and people have it way, way worse off in life - all I'm trying to do is understand exactly what happened and when.

Getting angry about it isn't going to accomplish anything either (although it's tempting sometimes) Thank you - from what (small) amounts I got off the GP is it's relatively mild, but again it's enough for me to stand out from time to time.

I've always been self-aware of being slightly different and it actually frustrated me a lot growing up because I had no understanding of "the why" I was doing certain things impulsively.

When I got the diagnosis it made a load of sense, and in some ways I've somewhat conditioned myself to act "normal" (mainly because school / college was hell)

Sorry to hear about your experience. I heard autism speaks is a resl-shitshow. We don't have it as such in the UK, but I remember seeing an advertisement for it on YouTube and it made it out like Autism was directly targeting people's married life and it was a threat to society.

But yeah I may go just ask my GP, but I was worried they may be implications or something. I dont want to cause any fuss.

I do know my parents weren't acting with malicious intent. Stupidity potentially but a lot of really bad things happened while I was growing up, and me finding out at a young age could have caused me to go off the deep end. [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed]