Kensington Maryland, United States

We just moved into a new apartment (townhouse) and we lived here for less than 2 weeks, we have 2 vehicles, which we parked in our reserved parking spots. On December 3rd, our jeep went missing, and after calling the police, they discovered that it was impounded for violating private parking.

My mother called the landlord for her jeep, and all they tell us is that they should've put the stickers on the vehicles that were given to us via mailbox. The stickers were never there, and we were never informed about needing stickers in the first place. My step dad already lost his job, and we're not going to be able to afford next month rent because of this.

We called the landlord today, and is claiming that our stickers were in our mailbox the same day we signed the lease. We moved in 3 days after signing the lease, and it just so happens that a TV was stolen from the house while we were in the process of moving. If we were provided any stickers, and they really were in the mailbox after we signed, someone must of grabbed them along with some of our things.

We will be homeless again because of this small mishap, and we haven't lived here for even 2 whole weeks yet. I am panicking and I need to advice please. [deleted] Understand that if you leave the Jeep there it will accumulate all the daily storage fees and when the auction it off eventually you may still owe money. So if you owe 5000 in fees and the Jeeps sells for 2000 then you (or whoever owns the Jeep) will still owe them the difference of 3000.  [deleted] [deleted] So you all need to go get the Jeep first of all. Regardless of if your landlord is liable for anything you'll have to first pay to get it out quickly.

If the lease says you need a sticker then you were informed of needing a sticker and the tow is going to be your problem. If there is really no mention of a sticker or pass being required for tenant cars in your lease then you may have an argument against the landlord.  [deleted] First and foremost, you need to get your car out of the towing company's lot immediately because you are incurring charges every day that it is stored. Paying the fee does not mean that you admit that their tow was lawful. If the tow was illegal, you will be able to sue to recover this towing fee. Make them give you a receipt.


Does your lease say anything about requiring stickers on parked cars?


Does the parking lot have any signage about when vehicles can be towed? &gt;Every car requires a parking sticker

Your lease says that?

If you do not have a sticker on the van makes sure to move it out of the parking lot until you do. [deleted] What does your lease say about parking? Were both cars towed the same night? Or was one towed after they informed you of the stiker issue?