So basically I live on a neighborhood street which is a dead end &amp; we live at the very last house before the street cuts off. For whatever reason EVERY house on the block has a driveway besides our house, so therefore we can only park on the street. It gets really frustrating when everyone has a driveway but chooses to park in front of the only house without one. I'm 18 and recently got my own car &amp; live with my parents so we have 3 cars we have to fit in front of our house so if someone parks where I have to park in the middle of the street and then get into both of my parents cars and pull them down as far as I can and then get back in my car and park normally. I'm not sure there's anything I can do about this situation as I don't believe it's technically illegal. Any advice? (I live in Saint Louis County, MO if that helps) Unfortunately, it’s legal to park in front of someone else’s house. I have the same problem too. 

I would put garbage cans in front of the house to prevent people from parking there. Another suggestion is to get there first, which is hard sometimes. A final suggestion is to put a driveway in. Streets are not part of one’s private property. Anyone can park there wherever or whenever they want subject to local ordinances.  Yup. Your recourse here is social, not legal. Your right to park on a public street does not trump theirs, either get there first or put in a driveway.  I just put in a driveway in a pretty expensive part of the country and it was less than 3 grand. To add to what /u/malachi_23 said, you need to contact your town/city to see what needs to be done to achieve this. They will likely have to do some of the construction if the driveway is going over an already established sidewalk.  [removed] Have a driveway put in. 

I really don't mean to be a smart-ass, but your parents chose to buy or build a house with no driveway.  This is the consequence of that.  Try talking to your neighbors about the situation. Preferably with a baked good to offer.  Welcome to the joys of suburban / urban living. There's no legal issue here; the best course of action is to politely ask your neighbors not to park there. If they continue to do so, either accept it and move on, or start parking in front of their house.

&amp;#x200B;