Long story very short... while I was at my family's beach house, I was drugged and raped by two men staying at the neighboring house. This happened a little less than a year and a half ago. I went to the hospital the next day and did the whole rape kit thing and then also reported it to the police. One officer came to the hospital and got my information, and then an hour or so later a detective came in and told me that there is only one detective in the area that works on sexual assault cases and he was on vacation at the moment, so nothing could be done at that time...well I had emailed and called my detective many many times after he got back from his vacation to try to figure what is going on with my case. He finally replied to an email after I had left voicemails with his supervising officer. He pretty much told me that he has a lot of cases right now, mine is not a priority, and he will get to it when he gets to it. Still to this day, he has not asked or gotten an initial statement from me or anything. (I wrote down everything I remembered the moment I got back from the hospital and I still have it).

I know that the justice system is a slow process and can take a while, but I just feel like my case isn't being investigated or anything. Is this normal? Or what should I do to get the ball moving?  Kudos to your dad for not doing anything illegal with the results of his research.  Find a local lawyer or firm who specializes in intentional torts. Don’t worry about payment, most of these attorneys will work on contingency (aka FIND ONE THAT DOES) and many should be willing to give you a free consultation to see if they would be willing to take your case. 

You can also be compensated for emotional damages as well, and this does not include punitive damages. It’s worth your time to find an attorney to sit down with.  I would love to file a civil suit bc yes I have medical bills from when I went to the hospital initially. I have doctors and therapy visits and medications. I have been admitted to a psych hospital due to these events. I have a dog that I want to have certified as a psychological service animal. There are plenty of expenses that I would not have to have paid or be paying if this didn't happen to me. I just have no idea how to start that process at all or which lawyers to look into. I also don't really have the money to pay for a lawyer either...  IANAL yet, just a law student, but I see no reason why, since you have their information, you can’t go ahead and file a civil suit while you’re waiting for the State to file criminal charges. Have you had any medical treatment, psychiatrically otherwise? You have a right to be ‘made whole’ in civil court for any damages + punitive.  Contact the state attorney general/state police.  It sounds like you are not a priority, and likely never will be.  Since they have not bothered to even fully interview you, that says the police are not interested in investigating what happened.    
This means the state needs to step in and clean up the mess in the police department and DA's office.  
You might also reach out to the local media.  Ask for an investigative reporter or an "on your side" reporter.  Ask them to investigate how many sexual assault cases have gone un-investigated.  Let them know that you were assaulted, went to the hospital, and tried to follow through, and that the detective has refused to even interview you.  I'm sure that will be of interest to some reporter, and I'm sure there are others.  
Sadly, this happens a lot, throughout the country. Was this in the US? If so, I'd maybe recommend if there's a state police agency you can call in addition to the DA's office? If the local jurisdiction is not able to timely investigate this crime, you may be able to get someone at the state level to investigate, especially with the information you've already obtained. For what it’s worth, it could be an issue of him waiting for the sexual assault kit to be processed, and that takes time, unfortunately. I know where I live, they are processed by the BCA and they have thousands of kits on backlog that they are trying to work through. But I agree, for him to not have even taken your initial statement is completely inappropriate. If he’s the only detective that does them in your area, there most certainly should be someone available to back him up in his absence. You didn’t mention your location, so I can’t speak to the statute of limitations for sexual assault charges to be brought, but it varies by state. Time is of the essence. If the main detective is not willing to work the case, I would, again, try speaking to his supervising officer and see if that helps. The squeaky wheel gets the grease, so to speak. 

Source: worked as sexual assault nurse examiner.  Definitely contact the DAs office. This is unacceptable!  Oh I have their names, license plate numbers, and addresses. My dad did some of his own research..

Edit: I have also talked to the DA's office and they told me they can't do anything until the detective is done with his investigation, which to my knowledge hasn't even started... I would contact the DAs office. The men’s identity should be easy enough to determine. While crimes against women are not vigorously approached, this is ridiculous. 