Hi everyone! First off I live in the UK. I make creative Fortnite films on YouTube and a semi-popular YouTube channel included 3 of my videos in 2 of his 'epic compilation videos'. His videos that stole my content had a couple million views. I sent a report to YouTube about this as he had not asked for permission and he was earning money from stealing my content (he even credited a random IG page instead of me). YouTube took his content down and gave him 2 strikes.

He has since contacted me with an apology, offering me the ad-revenue he made from the videos that included my content (which he has now deleted from his video library). This amounts to just over $1000 in ad-revenue, which he is offering to send over PayPal in-exchange for me to remove the strikes.

This is the first time I've been put in this situation guys. I don't feel like accepting money over PayPal as it can always be chargebacked. What would be the best course of action for me? I'd feel a lot better getting a second viewpoint on this. A safer method if you choose to get the money would be to have them send you a money order. They can be sent to a local place that processes them (big box stores, etc) directly and you can cash them without giving your personal information. They can't be recalled once cashed so they can't scam you either.

That said, many compilation channels willfully steal content so him having 2/3 strikes may deter them from stealing other videos. They fall off eventually anyway. Nope he might scam you just keep striking any content that gets stolen If you feel that's adequate compensation to allow him to use your work, you can agree to the arrangement. You're right to be wary of his choice of payment method, though.

If you want to entertain this, a contract should be drawn up outlining what you'll do in exchange for this money. It should also stipulate that you'll be paid by certified check. This means he will have to give you his name and address, and for your end I'd suggest getting a post box or routing it through a lawyer's office. Which sounds like more trouble than a thousand bucks is worth.

As is, he's lucky you're not already suing him for his earnings from your work. You'd be equally within your rights to tell him to go piss up a rope.