On 01 Dec 2018, I adopted a dog from the local animal shelter. The dog was found in unincorporated territory, but was in good health. Registered as a stray. Not chipped, not spayed. I paid $110 for the adoption fee, plus spaying, plus all necessary vaccinations and microchipping. In addition, I paid close to $250 for food, shelter, and other necessities for this dog. Due to occupancy with the on-site veterinarian, the surgery and pick-up date was scheduled for 06 Dec 2018. The shelter will not release the dog until it has been spayed, despite me offering to have the surgery done by a private veterinarian.

I received a phone call stating the original owner has reclaimed the dog and that I will be refunded my $110 pending the owner paying all necessary expenses (close to $450). I asked how this was possible as it has been over 10 days, I have paid for the license and have assumed responsibility for medical requirements for the dog. There is a small clause on the receipt for the dog which states, "animals that are adopted yet remain on the premises may be returned to their lawful owner if they show proof of ownership. Refunds will be processed to the adopters." The animal was forced to remain on the shelter premises at no fault to myself or my family. Additionally, there is speculation that the original owner is a backyard breeder; however, unless I provide proof, there is no factual evidence of this accusation.

Is this something I should actually speak to a lawyer about or will it be a lost cause? This dog is important to me and my family.  This is understandably frustrating. Unfortunately it is not a legal issue. It seems unlikely, but possible, that you will get this dog. You will find another, and your family will love that dog so much!  Adopt a new dog and move on.  

You don't know the owners situation. They may have been out of town when the dog was lost and they called as soon as they were aware of the issue. They may be the abusers you imagine, but that's not your concern that's animal control's concern. 
 [deleted] Is your concern that you won’t be compensated?   [deleted] Sounds like the dog has been legally reclaimed and you have been compensated for what you paid. I know it is hard, but you can find another dog. 