Long story short I dated this girl in hs. I was 18 and she was 15 turning 16. Not uncommon. I was a senior and she was a soph. Anyways she cheated on me we got into a huge fight and broke up. She constantly texted me and called me and would lead me on and then back out when we had plans. This went on for a long time. Eventually I was 21 and she was 18. I had not heard from this girl in a year. The last time we talked I told her I wanted nothing to do with her she was bad news. She got mad and blocked me from social media. 

Anyways she randomly unblocks me a year later, follows me on twitter, facebook, instagram, snapchat and pinterest. She starts posting a ton of statuses about me. She did that all summer. It got to the point where I had people I didnt even know contacting me asking me what our deal was everyone knew it was about us etc. So I message her and ask her to stop posting stuff about me. No reply.

I go to a pool party take photos with girls in bikinis etc and upload them and the next day my parents said they received a threatning phone call from the police station. 

“Your son has been warned he is borderline stalking and harassing her and she doesnt want to press charges but he needs to becareful lr he will end up in jail. He has a clean record so he needs to stay away.”

The guy told my dad I need to call him. I refused. Never heard back. That was three years ago. Verified the number was from the starion and everything. I am just wondering legally should I have done anything? The report was false I definitely didnt do anything. Was not even in her town all summer. 
 [deleted] Fair enough, but the OP may not appreciate that nuance.  And, he would certainly "have" to respond to court action. But, he would not "have" to respond to an attorney, though it might be in his best interest to do so, via an attorney of his own, depending on the nature of the contact. [deleted] That just gives them more evidence. Their attorneys would be working against me not for me. &gt; If you had received anything from a lawyer or the courts you would have needed to respond 

Why would he need to respond if he received something from a lawyer?  It's often a bad idea to respond directly to an attorney who is not your attorney. [deleted] You did the right thing by refusing to speak with the caller, be that caller the police or someone else.

Continue to block and ignore her.