So about 5 months ago, I had an argument with another mom, someone that I’ve known for a very long time, and she escalated it pretty far. To give a little back story, she felt I was “copying” her although we didn’t follow each other at the time, because our daughters had the same onesie (from target) that I got at my baby shower (I have photo evidence proving this) back in April prior to either one of our kids being born, which she literally knows. Once I posted that picture of me opening my gift and holding the onesie in question, before her daughter was even born, in response to her, she FLIPPED. She called my daughter ugly, posted several threatening things. Stated she was going to teach her daughter how to fight so she could beat my daughters ass. Mind you, our kids are a month apart exactly to the day, and my daughter was only about a month old. 
This went on for WEEKS. Her posting degrading things about me, my daughter, my family. She posted threatening things, just awful things. My daughter was not even 2 months old at the time. After it kept going and going, the police finally recommended I get a restraining order (no contact order) so I did. It was fast and easy, the judge knew who she was just by her name and granted it immediately. After having her served, it seemed to escalate things even more. i asked to have my address hidden, she somehow got my address and messaged several of my friends telling them to let me know that she has my address on “_____ rd.” We would have people fun up to our door and knock and scream and threaten me at odd hours of the night but when my husband would go to answer it they were gone. We installed cameras so that doesn’t occur anymore. She started posting about me daily. Would take any one of my posts that she could try to relate to her and would screenshot and post them and just degrade and talk crap. I’ve called several times and nothing can be done since I guess technically her posting about me, even using my name, isn’t a “direct” violation of our order. I haven’t said ANYTHING publicly about this. I don’t post about her, I don’t do anything. I literally just leave her alone. She is blocked on absolutely everything and manages to find ways (probably several of the fake accounts she’s made) to harass and stalk me, even if my accounts are on private (and no I don’t let just anybody follow me) I could post about how pretty the sky is and she would take it and post about how I’m “stalking” her because she posted a picture outside. That’s how absurd this is. 
Frankly this is childish and I’m over it, but this is going on FIVE MONTHS of her nonstop stalking and harassing me, when I’m not even responding to her. I am at a complete loss on what to do here. she is a MOTHER and still acting like this. I mean truly I have so many screenshots that if I posted these I could ruin her entire reputation in this state. Like they’re THAT BAD. 
Ignoring it isn’t easy when she’s directly using my name and people I don’t even know are messaging me and telling me things. I’ve asked them to stop but it’s continuous. Does anyone have any experience with anything similar and have any advice on what to do? There has to be something. If not legal action, should i post something explaining everything? I’m sick of watching my name get dragged through the mud because SHES a psychopath. 
Note: she’s 25 years old.
Note: The things that she posts about me typically have my full name in them, so I have had several people message me out of concern and send me screenshots. I probably get 2-3 messages daily. I do not check her page as again, she’s blocked and frankly I have no interest. It’s new people consistently as this girl has thousands of followers, so continuing to tell people to stop works PARTIALLY, but I just want the posts to stop all together.

I’m in northern AZ by Flagstaff! [removed] [removed]