Long story short a “friend” of mine indicated her adopted son sexually assaulted their adopted daughter while she was asleep. Son is 15 daughter 13. I am their dance teacher. The mom told me they were taking care of it as a family, and the dad is in law enforcement. However, I have suspicion it’s happened more than once. Son isn’t really being punished (bought a new xbox and iPhone days after I found out, and I found out a day after) and daughter is forced to see him every day, and be alone with him.   It’s being said that this is all because he has a newly diagnosed mental illness. He has been caught at school posting videos on social media of him masturbating among other things. Who do I even report this to? I’m deeply disturbed.  I am not avoiding your question at all. It has come up in general discussion with other teachers. It was also discussed in college. Yet I’ve never had any sort of training about it via any of the schools I’ve worked in. Legally, yes, I 100% am a mandated reporter in my state.  I feel like you're avoiding my question. What I wanted to know was where you in particular heard about it? Could it have been during some educational event?  Common knowledge in my state. All teachers, EMS, police officers, nurses, counselors. etc. are mandated reporters. 

Pretty sure teachers are mandated reporters everywhere... not really something we need to be told.  Then how did you learn that you are a mandated reporter?  Not necessarily true. I’m a teacher, therefore a mandated reporter. I’ve worked in three schools (two districts), and I’ve never had any kind of training on it.  Typically you can. As a mandated reported you cannot. Source: am mandated reporter I can't answer that, but typically, the answer is "sort-of" in that CPS isn't usually supposed to reveal your name to the family. But please don't let that stop you from reporting. Please. Are you able to stay anonymous?  Thank you soooo much It's more likely that they can't believe their child would do this, even an adopted child, especially if they don't have a history prior. This is a hugely bitter pill to swallow for a parent. 

[Here's everything you need to know](https://dcf.wisconsin.gov/cps/mandatedreporters) about Wisconsin mandatory reporting, including the contact info.

If you're teaching dance as part of a school curriculum, you're mandated, because you're a school employee. But even if you're not mandated, you should.  Thank you so much!!  In the state of Wisconsin you are legally required to report any type of child abuse, whether you have proof of it or not. If it is found that you were aware of any abuse that occurred, you could be found criminally negligent, even an unwilling accomplice. That said, unless you work for the public (ie: teacher, civil servant, religious figure, doctor, etc, you are not a mandated reporter). 

Because you have no absolute proof of this matter, and the father is within law enforcement duties, the family could sue you for slander or defamation of name if they wanted to. That being said, if you believe these claims to be substantiated, again, you are legally responsible to report it. You can anonymously submit a tip to your county CPS or Family Services. If he's a city (local) peace officer, you could submit a anonymous tip to the county sheriff. If the father is a deputy sheriff, you could file with the state police. Thank you! My only worry is since dad is in law enforcement nothing happens. Wouldn’t you THINK law enforcement would do something more to protect one of their own kids? You would reported this to child protective services and you should. Anyone can report If you were a mandated reporter, you would know it without having to ask Reddit. It would have been part of your education or job training.