 I'm in the market for a new car. About two weeks ago, I went to a local dealership and test drove a car. I ultimately decided not to buy it, for several reasons. Since then, the salesman has called my at least 5 times a day. I can't block his calls since he is using a different (likely spoofed) number each time. I work nights, and he has shown up at my house twice with the car and paperwork to sign. The first time, I went back inside to try to sleep and he knocked/rang the door bell for about an hour. The second time, I didn't answer the door, and he rang/knocked for about 45 minutes before leaving. I've tried calling the dealership, and the manager just said "He'll leave you alone when you buy a car." I called the police the second time he showed up at my door, but they didn't show up until he left. They wouldn't take a report because "it's a civil matter." I feel like my best bet right now is to hurt them in the pocket book. I'd like to go in, "agree" to buy a very expensive car right before they close, negotiate and keep them there as late as possible, and then refuse to sign the paperwork. How far can I go in the process can I go before I am legally obligated to the purchase? Can I be sued for wasting their time? Because you're looking to piss off someone who has already demonstrated he has no issues with literally going to your house to bother you. Do you really think that if you waste his time, he's just suddenly going to go "oh yeah I should stop bothering salesharassment1234"? Or do you think maybe you'll wake up one night to the smell of burning dog shit on your front porch? Dude, if he told the guy to leave the property and did not do so I'd call the police too. I don’t know how restraining orders in TN works, I live in Scandinavia, but I think it’s important you come at it from the right angle; “this guy has been following me from 2 weeks awakening me every day, he won’t leave me alone, I feel threatened”, it’s not really relevant how your “relationship” started, more that you met a guy who won’t leave you be. Also documentation, videos of him, proof you contact police, etc. I don’t know how this works in your state, but stay within the law obviously. It seem most correct answers begins and ends with get a lawyer in the US, so if you can afford it, do just that. If you can’t then start with parent company, have a good chat with an adult there, maybe send them 3-4 videos of you narrating as this idiot bangs on your door. I’m sure they’ll be good to deal with it. Well yeah, what else do you do when someone won't leave your property? Fight him? Shoot him? I'd rather not go jail over this fool. I just want him to go away. Tell the salesman you're broke and you don't want the car. No you can't be sued for wasting their time. However the salesman will keep calling you.  You seriously called the police? Thank you for a response that isn't just snark or downvotes. I realize that it is probably just immature to want to cause drama at the dealership. It's just been about two weeks of the guy waking me up 5 or so times a day. The police won't take a report, as it is a "civil matter." How do you suggest that I proceed with the process of getting a restraining order? I'll call the parent company, hopefully they will be more helpful.  This sounds like an absurd comedy. How much time can this idiot waste harassing you not selling a car and not get new customers? My first idea would be to get a hold of the mother company, if it’s Kia, call up Kia and ask to get their TN marketing responsible, explain the situation. That should get their attention. Second if they are not an official franchise, file a restraining order against the sales person, document harassment and go through the same process as if it were a stalker (which it is). Third write reviews of the dealership and make sure to include @carbrandname, send the head office a mail with link to your review. Be factual, professional, courteous and don’t threaten anyone. Do not engage in any escalation, stay away from the dealership. TN is a "one party" state for recording phone calls, so record the ones from him. Make the guy mad if you can - make appointments to go see him and stand him up, call him back at random times, talk about everything except buying the car, etc. Then post the results on Youtube and Facebook.  Not a lawyer, but that’s a terrible idea. Yes, it’s harassment (trespassing at a minimum) so I’m not sure why the cops deemed it a civil matter unless you aren’t disclosing something. You want to know how you get extra drama with a side helping of more harassment? Show up there and pull some nonsense. Let it go or go to police department and file a report. If manager isn’t giving you satisfaction, call owner or car company.  Why is that?  That last paragraph has to be the single worst idea you could have.