My wonderful, generous, and credulous friend has been scammed out of £1000. One of his friends based in the U.S. (we are based in the U.K.) claimed to have a whole host of attention-grabbing issues with the main claim being cancer and needing a pricey operation to remove said cancer. She solicited payments totalling £1k from him and an unknown amount from her tumblr followers. (The solicitation post is still up on her blog). After getting in touch with her family, it turns out that all of her medical issues were completely made up and she’s been soliciting money for nothing. 

&amp;#x200B;

Honestly, my friend has no expectation of getting the money back and is fine with that, but we very much want to make sure this doesn’t happen again as this is apparently the third time she’s done this. Her parents are obviously very concerned for their troubled daughter and are being a bit too laissez-faire with reacting to this behaviour in a confusing and upsetting situation. (A lot of her claims were about horrific familial abuse and her poor family seems to be going out of their minds to help her). Is there anything we can do to discourage this from happening to anyone else? She’s on disability for mental illness, if that changes anything.

&amp;#x200B;

Cheers. If the payment was made as a gift (friends and family) instead of a purchase (product or service), Paypal won't help. You'll have to try to sue the friend directly. I believe paypal.me links default to gifts, but it's worth checking to see if you have an option to dispute the payment. She used a [paypal.me](https://paypal.me) link under a false name. The criminal here is in the United States. There's not much UK authorities could do.  What payment platform did they use to solicit the money? Patreon? Kickstarter? Paypal? I'd start there.   I'm sure people have, but she was so successful in her lies by keeping all of her friends quite separate from one another so the inconsistencies wouldn't come up. Hard to pretend you're blind to someone who lives in the same city, y'know? I'll see if I can dig anything up. Thanks for your help! One way to bolster it would be to see if anyone from the US donated, and also have them report it. That said, a dual UK/US report can't hurt, as the US and UK do quite a bit of law enforcement cooperation. Thanks! Would they be interested in someone reporting this from the U.K.? I don't want to waste their time if it's something they couldn't deal with at all.

&amp;#x200B; Automod ate my comment. So here it is again without the link:

You can report your friend to their local police for fraud. Whether or not they pursue it is another issue. People have been charged and prosecuted for deceiving people on donation sites. There's an example in the news (which was the link I posted) of a scam in Philadelphia involving a site that rhymes with bodundbe and a homeless veteran.  &gt;Friend taken for $1.5k by cancer scammer.

Thank you, I've cross-posted onto that sub now. I hope we can find some solution to this, too! [removed] You can report your friend to their local police for fraud. Whether or not they pursue it is another issue, but it has happened [before](https://6abc.com/homeless-man-charged-in-alleged-gofundme-scam-waives-extradition/4789794/).  You may also want to post on r/legaladviceuk too.

I have no idea what to do but I hope you find an amswer