A year ago someone while driving someone crossed the center line and hit my car head on, totaling it. My interest rate was pretty high and I hadn’t had the car for long so I was upside down in the loan. GAP insurance didn’t cover the total loan because of this. The finance company only would accept full payments in the amount I was paying before, nothing else, which I can’t afford because I had to get another car. 

Now the debt went to a law office (debt collector) which filed Statutory Demands on both my wife and I, demanding %25 of both of our incomes. I absolutely can’t afford that. I’ve read that failing to keep up with a statutory demand can result in the court forcing the debtor into bankruptcy. I really don’t want that. 

Is there anything I can do or do I just have to suck it up and accept my fate?

 A statutory demand letter is not a garnishment order.  It is more of a 'please pay this or we will take you to court' letter.

I do not see any evidence that you have been taken to court, so please check with your local court to confirm. Happy to help at least get you some ideas of what to explore. Best of luck, OP. Thank you for your help.  Before panicking, have you looked at Ohio's garnishment laws? They can only take 25% after taxes and other deductions, and they can't take you below minimum wage.  cross post at /r/insurance with more information about GAP and how it's not being applied, lots of agents and adjusters over there. Yeah if the “gap” policy only paid $2k when the delta between the loan balance and total loss payout was close to $10k, that wasn’t a gap policy. You need to check that fine print very carefully, ideally with the help of a lawyer. It would not be the first time an insurance company denied payment or paid less than they were obligated, and it doesn’t sound like you pushed back at the time, so it’s worth checking to see that their payout was correct based on the policy.

Additionally, a creditor can’t garnish your wages absent a court order, and that would only be issued if there was a judgment against you, which it doesn’t sound like there was yet. There may be fair debt collection practices act issues depending on what’s being represented to you by this collector. 

Do you qualify for legal aid? It’s certainly worth giving them a call to try and go through intake. If you’re near Columbus, it looks like you can qualify for help at a brief advice clinic they run periodically if you’re under 250% of the federal poverty guidelines. If not, check for the closest legal aid to you and give their intake line a call.

If you can get services, gather every bit of documentation you can from the original car purchase, any promotional flyers or pamphlets about this quasi-gap coverage product you were sold, all correspondence regarding the insurance payout and anything else related to the insurance claims and the debt collection efforts. Ohio appears to be a one-party consent state, so it may be worth recording the calls from the debt collector. Get all your information organized before your meeting and go in to your meeting prepared to use your time wisely, because you don’t get much of it (the clinics are limited to 30-minute sessions).

You also might be able to find a consumer rights attorney to give you a free consultation. If there’s a viable claim against the dealership for misleading sales tactics (probably unlikely since you signed a contract which presumably identified the insurance product you purchased, but worth considering if the sales tactics were misleading enough) or against this debt collector for FDCPA violations (very fact specific and beyond the scope of this thread, but also worth exploring), they may be willing to take your case on a contingent fee basis, so it’s worth calling a few to try and set up a phone consultation at least. 

If there’s nothing that can be done about this debt, and you can’t afford it, bankruptcy may still be your best option, but unless someone here can weigh in with anything else specific to Ohio, that’s everything I can think of for you to explore. I don’t have anything to scrape up. My wife dropped hours at work because her course load at school got intense and my hours at work also dropped off. Things are just super tight and I’m at the end of my rope here.  I would suggest arguing about the GAP insurance, because I can't imagine what kind of rule would cause them to fall *that* short. Except that after a year it will be harder, and you may have screwed yourself by accepting their low payout because this often means you forfeit your right to contest it.

Anyway, they can't *force* you into bankruptcy, but if a 25% garnishment would cripple you then they can make it so that bankruptcy would be a better choice. If you want to avoid this you should look into settling with the collector for a lower amount. Can you scrape up at least, say, half of the gap? The car took a massive nose dive in value after I purchased it. It was also my family’s main car so it accumulated a lot of miles in that year. Also, the DAP company cited some obscure rule in the contract that my idiot self overlooked, that relieved them of paying much of the value of the car. Insurance paid about $9000, GAP about $2000, $7500 left on the loan.  The GAP policy was purchased at the dealership. The at fault insurance paid around $9000 iirc. GAP paid only a fraction of that, $2000 or so. They cited some obscure fine print I missed that let them off the hook for the full value. All of this was paid to the loan. (My mistake for not fully understanding the policy). This left about $7500 on the loan. 

Aside: after I purchased the car they took a major nose dive in value, that combined with the amount of miles we had put on the car in that time really hurt my value. 

They have sent the Statutory Demand to my wife and claimed to have sent it to me even though I never received it. They don’t answer phone calls or respond to voicemails. My wife got ahold of them only once and at that conversation they treated her very rudely and claimed they were moving to garnish my wages even though I haven’t received anything. 

 How big a debt are we talking about? Your loan should have been more or less fully paid off: the market value of your car from your collision insurance, and the rest from your GAP insurance. Sometimes there's a little discrepancy, but it's usually not a huge amount.

Where did this shortfall come from? Not familiar with Ohio laws specifically, but I think more information is going to be required here. From your description, the other driver was at fault and you were paid out the full value of the car, correct? Did that money go to pay down the loan or did you keep it? How much of a loan balance remained once that was paid? You say you had gap coverage, but is it possible you had a variant like a loan coverage policy? Gap insurance would typically satisfy the entire difference, but variants exist that pay off a fixed percentage of the car’s value. Did you get the policy from the dealership or through your insurance company? Was an agent involved? How much did that policy pay and how was that amount determined? Did that money go to the finance company? What balance remained after that policy paid out? 

If you’re getting a statutory demand and they’re talking garnishment, it sounds like you already have a judgment against you. It sounds like you don’t dispute that you didn’t continue paying on the remaining balance, but were you notified of a court proceeding related to that unpaid balance? Did you respond? What happened? 

The reason all these questions might matter would be to try and figure out if all possible insurance policies paid out the correct amount, if the money went where it was supposed to, and what the current posture is of the proceedings against you.