So I was sentenced for a DUI in May of 2018 and it was lessened to a DWAI. This is my only DUI that I have and have no prior criminal record with nothing on my file. I was given two years of probation with fines, classes, etc. I am a college student and am struggling to keep up with the financial requirements. I put in a motion for a follow up hearing a few days ago in hopes of finishing up my requirements in jail. I've been having a hard time finding a job due to my course load. I have been keeping up with my alcohol/therapy classes and have been taking them seriously. 

Recently though I have been falling behind on my fines. I also had one positive UA a few months ago and they have increased the frequency of my UA testing. I have now missed two of those because I have no money to pay for them. I barely make enough money to pay for all my regular bills and now I have all these extra financial requirements. My car insurance has now sky rocketed to $400 on top of my other bills I'm at a loss in life right now.

My question is will I get the full 180 days of jail time that was suspended in lieu of probation, or will the judge look at what I've already completed and reduce the amount of jail time? What are the possibilities of doing weekender jail so I don't have to drop out of school? I am suppose to graduate in May of 2019 and scared that isn't going to happen now. I'm taking this probation thing and the requirements seriously, but if I can't keep up with what is required and they will pile on more fees and classes and the burden will just get worse.  I don't know what to do so I'm hoping I can just do jail. Thank you in advance. OP, non-legal advice: can you sell the car? Can you get a title loan against the car? Can you cancel the insurance and then not drive? All these options sound way better than jail (at least, Id rather not have a car than risk 180 days in jail). You can always get a new car. You can't get half a year back. Can you take a leave-of-absence from school, and work full-time for a bit? 

I get that the requirements are tough, and can really put you through the ringer at times. I watched a personal friend go through this and gave a few rides to UA when the nearby one was closed for holidays, etc. It is disruptive to holding a job, and I can't imagine trying to do school alongside. From what I saw secondhand, it absolutely can feel hopeless at times, but you will get past it.

Here's the thing: if you go to jail, you probably aren't graduating in May either, and my guess is that 180 days missing from your job and school history is going to look far worse than a few semesters of time spent working and getting back on your feet. Depending on your school, you also run a risk of a more uphill battle re-enrolling after a jail term, versus leaving in good-standing and enrolling a bit down the road.

My friend went through their DUI in the same jurisdiction, and my feeling was that they are actually pretty resistant to sending you to jail. He had more than a few "slips" during the process, and what it led to was threats of jail-time, but mainly prolonging things and increasing restrictions (such as more UAs). I got the feeling that they really don't want to send these cases to jail, especially if you're working.

Ultimately it's your decision, but take a breather and think through all the angles. To me, your thinking sounds rushed because it all hinges on the May 2019 graduation date. If you take this off the table and open yourself to working full-time, can you meet your financial obligations? CO has a pretty good job market at the moment: if you open yourself to full-time, can you meet your financial and legal obligations?

&amp;#x200B; NAL - TX court clerk here. If your probation were to be revoked, the judge does have a duty to sentence you to the originally agreed upon time. However, the judge will usually take into consideration all you’ve completed so far in terms of your probation. Speaking with your PO about your inability to pay, they may also be able to assign you community service in lieu of paying fines. You (or your attorney) do have a right to state your case to the judge, for example, why you’re falling behind on payments or new circumstances that are preventing you to pay, etc. So long as you keep excellent communication with your PO, you should be in the clear. They can do things, such as modify your probation judgment with the court’s approval, and even extend your probation if they see that you are putting in adequate effort into completing your probation. 

Hope this helps!