Alrighty, so first and foremost, I'm located in Georgia. 

Now, three days ago I was in an accident at work. I was working at a warehouse through a temp agency. In this accident my left foot was broken, I was taken to the ER where they gave me a boot, some perscriptions, and was told to follow up with their orthopedic surgeon as soon as possible. I tried to see them immediately after being released, but was told that I needed to have my handler from the Temp Agency contact them first. She wasnt available, so I just got an uber back to my van then left.

They told me at the ER that this would likely take about two months to heal properly and I should keep off of it, but I was cleared for light duty in the meantime. It's now Thursday and I only just got in contact with my handler, who has been out of the office and wont return until Monday. I got in contact with her over the phone today, she told me I'm to go to an urgent care clinic they chose instead of the Orthopedic Surgeon the hospital told me to go to, and that they're going to put me to work in their office at the Temp Agency "shredding, doing paperwork, and **hanging Christmas Ornaments**. I asked her if she was serious, she said yes. When I asked her if my pay was going to change or if I'd be making the same amount of hours, she said my pay *probably* wont change and as for hours, they're going to "average out the amount of hours I've worked for the last four weeks and go from there". I didnt really understand that last bit.

Now, something I'll tell you guys but havent told her, is that I'm living in my van right now. I've been doing this for about eight months and got this job three months ago, and have finally been able to save up enough to be able to get a place with my sister, who is planning to move up in January. This injury has put those plans on hold, given how uncertain everything now is. I *did* explain to her that I'm moving very soon and everything is so tight as it is, that if I lose my income too much I'll probably end up on the streets. She didn't seem to care all that much.

Now, my questions for you guys. Does this seem legit? I get that I'm cleared for light duty, but shredding and hanging ornaments? Really? I guess as long as my pay remains the same I'm fine but what if they just decide to drop my pay, or dont have enough work to fill 40 hours per week? I just feel like I'm sort of getting shafted here. 

Even past all that, the injury I sustained was due to using a forklift that *I wasnt even trained to use*. I was given a forklift license for an entirely different type of lift, but even that class was a joke as they gave me all the answers. The lift I was injured on is very touchy and one you stand on, I *never* was trained to use it and was expected to teach myself. That can't be right. 

None of this seems right to me, but I'm also not very familiar with how workers comp works. 

tl;dr was injured in a forklift accident at work, broke foot. Cleared for light duty at the ER, and have been told that I'll be shredding documents and hanging ornaments at uncertain pay and uncertain hours until healed. Additionally I have not been able to see the doctor I was told to see by the ER and instead go to an urgent care clinic they chose. All this due to being expected to use a forklift that I was never trained to use. Is this right? [deleted] As someone who hated physical labor and has mostly worked in desk work, I get it.  It's different, and probably unpleasant.  While it may not be safe for some specific types of physical jobs, look into getting (borrow from a friend if you can!) a "peg leg" and/or knee scooter, if the injury is totally in your foot and doesn't affect your knee or shin at all.  A peg leg is a padded shin rest, you bend your knee and place your shin on it and strap in, and it extends your leg down to the floor with a little peg leg.  So you can walk around (with a stiff leg on that side, but still) without putting weight on your injured foot at all.  And you've possibly seen knee scooters around, as I think they're more common, but they're like a kid's scooter, almost, with little handlebars, but with a resting place for your shin.  Either one of those will have you a LOT more mobile, the peg leg being a little more friendly for rougher terrain (a friend of mine who works with horses was able to continue working a mostly normal schedule once she got hers).  Again, might not be super safe for working in really industrial-type jobs, but maybe you could work some of the more physical jobs the temp agency has, at least... [deleted] This seems fairly up-and-up to me, except for the lack of training on the forklift (in which case, you probably legally should've refused to operate it, but I can see why that doesn't FEEL like an option in the moment).  

I work for an employer in the payroll/HR-ish capacity, and our workers comp insurance pays employees for time they miss work after a three-day waiting period (and  my employer pays for those three days even though we don't have to legally), though I don't think that's ever kicked in since I've worked here.  But they do expect you to do the minimum level of work you've been cleared for by a doctor, so if the doctor clears you for "light duty," they expect you to work light duty if your employer has a job for you to do that meets the criteria.  At my employer, a worker was injured and couldn't do his normal job, but was cleared for light duty, and we were behind on some filing in the office, so we put him to work catching up the filing, as it's a job that needs to be done but doesn't take much in the way of training (if you can sing the alphabet song and ask anytime you have a question (like whether John Smith gets filed under J or S), you're pretty much good to go).  Shredding is one of those jobs.  And if they like having the office decorated for Christmas, and usually it's an employee of the temp agency who decorates while clocked in, and they want to pay you to do it, then it sounds totally legit.  Might not be what you WANT to do, but it's legal for them to employ you to do it.

Have you been given contact info for the Workers Comp insurance company?  You could reach out to them to ask if they cover you receiving your full normal pay if the temp agency lowers your wage, but I would push them to keep you at your normal wage and average number of hours, no matter what duties they assign you, so that your pay stays as expected.  Good luck! [deleted] 
Would recommend getting firm answers on the pay and hours, since you may be eligible for any loss in compensation (or some portion thereof) based on the injury.  I'm not initmately familiar with GA WC, but most states allow you to appeal and/or request a alternate healthcare provider if you are not comfortable with your course of treatment.  

In regards to them putting you on light duty, that seems about right to me.  They are attempting to place you on light duty and that is what they have available.  I am not sure, but what would your expectations be?  

Here's the link to the GA SBWC https://sbwc.georgia.gov/

You may want to also read up on some of the other WC stories on here to see what getting screwed by your employer in a WC situation really looks like.  It seems they are moving on it and you are getting answers in a relatively short time.  