I went to Gold’s Gym and told them I would only want to pay for two months of their gym membership. They said we only have three-month long memberships, but you can sign up and cancel after the second month so you’ll only pay for two months. So I signed up with my card but later found that when you submit a cancellation notice, it can only go through 30 days later. I ended up being charged for three months. 

The thing is, I was specially told that I would only be paying for two months and was not told about this strange cancellation policy. Obviously they knew I would actually be paying for three months, but did not tell me about it. I also recall the price of the membership being a bit higher than what they told me I would be charged, but since they tell me they don’t have an official contract, I have no way of proving this either. 

I mean, I am usually good about being responsible and reading contracts but I didn’t realize that they never gave me a contract to sign in the first place! Not to mention I have never heard of a cancellation policy that only goes into effect 30 days later. Everything is driven by technology and should be able to be canceled by the touch of a button. That’s very sketchy and I should have realized that. 

First of all, if there is no contract I signed (I double checked and they told me over the phone too that they don’t have an official contracts), how can they prove that I ever owed them any money at all? Isn’t there something really wrong about this? 
 
Second, I also switched credit cards since, and am not sure what would happen if I just ignored the outstanding charge. 

Third, is this fraud? Or was I just being stupid. I feel like I could have been smarter but there was so much I just genuinely had no idea about. Like a 30 day cancellation policy, no written contract (so I can’t prove that they charged me a bit more than was verbally agreed on, or lied about only having to pay for two months) this is all so bullshit. 

 Yeah, make sure to also ask if you agreed to terms and conditions when you signed - it's not what a lot of people think of as signing a contract but it's still an agreement to abide by their terms which would likely include the cancelation policy. So the trainer/salespeople told me to sign up at the front desk and input my payment information. Actually, now that I think about it, I think I did sign something, I had to have. But I’m not sure why they’re now saying that there is no contract when I ask to see it. I’ll have to call them again.  How did they get your credit card number to charge if you didn't agree to anything while you were there?  I mean you must have hit a button or something that probably included something about agreeing to their terms and conditions. I called them and they told me there is no “contract” but they entered in all the information when I signed up in their online database. They do have a contract for the cancellation form, but I never officially signed anything when I signed up (so no terms or conditions). Yeah I will be disputing their charge, and honestly it’s not even about the money. 

I just think feel like their sales people lie and try to get away with it, then try to gaslight you into thinking that there was a misunderstanding and it was your fault — and designed some system of having “no contract” so that you can’t prove that they were lying. 

Anyway, thanks!  There are no terms or conditions or anything?  What did you sign when you signed up?

If they have literally nothing showing that you agreed to them making credit card charges then dispute the charge. They told me I would be able to cancel after two months to avoid having to pay for three months. But their cancellation policy means that I would have to cancel after one month to avoid paying for an extra month, but I was told cancelling after two months means only paying for two months. But mainly I’m confused that they’re telling me that there is no contract. I’m pretty sure the person said $35 and not $50 per month, but this was all verbal and apparently there is no contract so I can’t dispute it? I’m just super confused as to how there can be no official contract about any of this, so technically they could just be charging people whatever they want and saying “well you misheard what he said, too bad”.  If you google "gold's gym cancellation" you see that most locations require 30 days notice, so no, I don't think this is fraud.  Did they tell you that you'd be able to cancel without any notice period, or did they just say that you can cancel after two months?

Also you'd have to indicate in some way that you agree to be charged, so presumably whatever that was said any relevant cancellation policies would be applicable.  You can dispute the charge and try to fight it if you want to though.

If you don't pay it it can go to collections and harm your credit and end with you getting sued.