I rear ended another car and am looking for some advice:
1) Damage: My car was damaged quite a bit (bumper + radiator) due to the tow hitch on the other car, but the other car at most has scratch (nothing visible - but hard to tell if I caused any scratches due to the other car being dirty from Colorado snow conditions. I personally didn't see any. ) It's been 2 weeks and my insurance company has not heard from the other driver. Because my car was pretty old (trade in value $1k, kbb value $3.5-4k), likely it will be totaled but it's taking a while due to the accident having happened right before Thanksgiving. 
2) Location: This was in Colorado outside Denver on a local road with 40miles speed limit posted. 
3) Accident: I honestly don't know what happened. I drive relatively slow and keep more distance than everybody I know. I'm not the most confident driver - I'd rather be safe. I wasn't looking at anything (I very rarely use my phone on the road other than for gps. It's at most glancing over. And I don't drink at all.) All I remember is going "oh shit" and slamming on the brakes while holding on to the steering wheel with both hands. I've tried to reconstruct what happened but the only thing I can think of is that I was on auto-pilot. Where this happened is at a trail crossing and the red light is only on if someone presses the button. According to the driver in the front, the car in front of him/her was stopped to let a biker cross. There's a chance that the light wasn't on but the first car stopped anyways to let the biker pass. Either way, there were two cars in front of me so not an excuse. But wanted to be complete with the information. Based on my normal driving pattern, I highly doubt I was going much faster than speed limit (sometimes I catch myself going 35) but who knows. My car is old (way over a decade) and the breaks are squeaky despite having been serviced last year. I do remember being on the break for a while and freaking out. And I do think that there's about 60% chance a newer car (from driving rentals) would have stopped before hitting the front car or wouldn't have hit as hard. Either way it is my fault because I know this and I generally try to keep conservative distance for this reason.
4) Citation: The county police office gave me "summons &amp; complaint" with "careless driving 42-4-1402(1)" checked. No penalty assessment and nothing else checked or noted, only has a court date. 
5) Driving history: This is my first accident involving another party. My last and only other accident was in 2004 (I think) and the car hit something on the road (or I thought). I panicked and swerved to the shoulder scraping the side of the car, damaging the side and the tire (had to be towed due to tires.) I don't have any moving violations. 

I'm less concerned about financial consequences (insurance etc.) But I'm completely ignorant about what this could mean legally. Some googling of Colorado laws are really scaring me (jail time). And I read things relating to careless driving being 4 points but most people taking plea deals for 2 points. Not sure what either really means.

I would appreciate any advice on how worried I should be and  what I can do to prepare myself before the court date (January), whether it be what to say, whether to get a lawyer, or anything I should be doing in general.

Thank you so much in advance! 


