Do they have a case? I also live in upstate New York if that helps for the laws. I have a lawyer. However, he will not tell me his feelings about the case. It is going to court. There are recordings of conversations back and forth between us, with them claiming that it was never validated, including after I moved out and returned the keys and they thanked me for returning the keys, by mail. This case is more complicated than I had originally assumed. This gets into a lot of subcategories of law that I am not qualified to answer. I highly recommend describing ALL the details that you and I have been covering To a lawyer. Do you know if you live in rent regulated housing? If so, in NY, the lease can be signed by just you, and given back to the landlord which is considering a binding lease. However, you are still protected from them raising the rent mid lease. 

If you don’t live in a rent regulated apartment, the lease must be signed by BOTH parties and delivered to both. however, if the landlord sends you a signed copy NOW, the lease is considered binding. 

The landlord can take you to court for non-payment if you do live in a rent regulated apartment and can show the court that even without their signature, that you’ve been living there the last 6 months, regardless of the lease being invalid. 

Now as you said, you left the apartment? I recommend to:
1. Call a landlord-tenant lawyer in the morning. They will listen to your case and depending on the severity, either tell you that you’ll have to pay the remaining money, or they will determine you have a case and take it from there.  

2. Send a (recipient read, meaning the post offices will confirm that it is delivered, which is important in court) letter by mail to the landlord stating that you never received a signed contract of the lease and that you repudiate the lease. This is so that the court will understand you have the ability to pay and knowledge of the situation, and that you’re not just leaving and not paying 6 months rent. 

 I signed it, yes, they did not.  They claimed that they did not approve it, 6 months in.  Also, they have the different expenses listed on the lease, and the total amount, which I paid the total amount. This total amount was more than each individual payment. They wanted more than the total payment.

Edit: I also want to point out, this place is a wealthy complex, I feel they are just trying to bully me until I give in. The legal expenses being more in the end. Do you have a signed copy of your lease? What was claimed to be “invalid”? I have seen cases where the lease is improperly structured and against the law, which makes the lease void, and any further payments. If they are claiming the lease is invalid, then no, you should not be required to pay the remaining 6 months.  Not a Laywer. This is going to be fairly detail intensive. Monthly or Yearly Lease?  What was their exact statement to you about it being invalid?  Did they ask you to leave? How did you notify the landlord you were leaving?   It was mid-lease, 6 months into a 1 year lease. Claimed lease was invalid. So if the lease wasn’t valid, it was as if the lease never existed to begin with. Also, I have a recording of them on a phone call claiming it wasn’t valid. Hiya. Unfortunately, in New York, landlords do not have to provide notice of rent increase. However, this is only viable if your lease is up. Do you rent monthly or yearly? If you rent yearly and your rent is $1000, he cannot change more than the $1000 rent until the lease is up. 

I recommend contacting a landlord-tenant lawyer in the state of NY, and explaining your case. If you signed a lease, you are required to pay until that lease is up, but only the amount specified on the lease. The landlord cannot increase it mid-lease. 