I'm embroiled in an ugly battle with my employer over some accommodation crap. The last response i received came after they realized how bad they messed up and then tried to do the bare minimum to fix it. I was essentially told that they don't believe I have a disability and that the only accommodation they would give me was allowing me to rest while at work (I work in an office at a desk all day so that doesn't really help me at all) but that any hours I didn't get would need to be made up after hours or on the weekend. They also stated that while I can miss work during a flare up, I had to immediately, with extra emphasis on immediately, notify them if I would not be at work by 8 am.  

I 100% understand that they need to have a general idea of who is in office. However, I work on a set of very specific, individual projects with no set deadline. We bill our time at work to the third party client and anytime we don't have work, we bill that to our company. In any given year, we're expected to have anywhere from 60-70% billable hours to third party clients. I've missed quite a bit of work over the last year for  flare ups but my work had always been completed in a timely manner with great quality and I consistently have far more billable hours than other staff in similar positions. So yes I miss work at times, but I'm clearly getting things done. 

My concern is that it seems like my boss is trying to set up unreasonable situations so he'll have a reason to fire me that, in his opinion, are not disability related. I am usually capable of shooting out a quick email or phone call to let someone know if I have a sudden flare and am unable to work that morning or day, but at times I've been completely incapacitated and alerting my work is almost impossible and not my priority. These flares are not extremely often, less than two days a month probably, AND my work denied me a reasonable accommodation that would have mitigated this (see very end for details on this).  Also, no one else at my work is held to this standard, only me.

I do have a lawyer that is helping me navigate leaving this company, but he is currently unavailable and with my flares extremely volatile right now, I'm worried that something could happen that jeopardizes my case. 

TL;DR I'd like some help finding any specific laws in the U.S. or specifically Mississippi (although I doubt any protections exist in Mississippi), like the ADA's guidance, that says whether an employer can fire a disabled employee who alerted the employer to the unpredictable nature of the employee's disability but the employee was later fired for not providing notice of an illness related absence fast enough. 



Note on accommodation rejection: I understand that my employer does not have to offer any accommodation I request, only reasonable ones that do not effect my necessary duties and do not present an undue hardship to the employer. I requested the ability to work from home as needed, something multiple staff currently do, and immediately after requesting this I was told the company enacted a new policy that disallowed staff from working from home. Other staff still work from home though and, after explaining that making exceptions to a policy if it was reasonable was required under the ADA, my employer claimed that I required far too much supervision to be able to work from home. His solution, however, was that I could work in office after hours and on the weekend to make up missed time. You know, when no one is there and I won't be supervised. Cause logic, I guess. 