My father passed away suddenly about three years ago now. When he passed away, my mom discussed with the various accounts they held joint about taking his name off for legal reasons. But our mortgage company said they wouldn't take his name off unless we refinanced through them. Is this normal? We're now looking to refinance, through different places and none of those locations say this is normal. I'm searching for answers as to why this might have been told to us or if we should take legal action at all.  Ok, thank you for the clarity.

You do not want to take out a mortgage with me. I am a lousy partner. Once you and I have jointly obtained a mortgage, there's usually no need for either of us to ever sign anything again. Somebody has to make the payments, of course, and it would usually but not necessarily be one of us. 


Then, when the owner(s) sell the house, the bank gets its money and releases the lien.   The question that I'm considering is one of signers of the document. An executor can sign for a decedent, but if the mortgage was never converted to reflect someone's death, would an executor's signature be accepted?  To the best of my knowledge, in the USA, the mortgage is paid off as an essential part of the sale event - the "closing" or "settlement".  Most homes listed for sale have mortgages, and it doesn't matter to the buyer, because the mortgage is discharged at the sale.  It might affect sale documents if she sells while the property is still mortgaged.  As others have stated, it’s not really necessary to do this. Is your mother trying to accomplish something specific? For instance...maybe she is on the deed to the property, but she is not on the loan. Maybe the mortgage company is giving her a hard time getting information on the loan because of that. If that’s the situation, she should inquire with the mortgage company/servicer about becoming a confirmed successor in interest. It’s a new-ish requirement for mortgage companies servicing loans to identify successors in interest for deceased borrowers. As a confirmed successor in interest, she would have access to information about the account. Just a thought.  Concur here, I'm a loan officer (not an MCLO) and while the check processing could be messy if you ever get an escrow payout from the mortgage (could be made out to both of them, or to the estate of xyz, and the tellers at your institution will be confused in either case when depositing) the loan itself is just fine. 

The only times I've seen loans need to be refinanced is when it is a revolving credit line (credit card, line of credit), but while a random factoid, it isn't relevant. I work for a mortgage company.  There is no need to refinance. Your mother can send in his death certificate and typically they'll change his name on the account to "Estate of First Last" plus your mom. 

They are correct though, there is no way to completely remove his name unless you refinance (through any lender you want) or have someone assume the loan. 

Out of curiosity, who services your loan?  As said below, there is no need to take his name off the mortgage and the mortgage company is basically trying to scam you. If you want to refinance, go for it. If the company is telling you that you have to get his name off the mortgage and that you have to refinance to do it - they are brazenly lying to you.  She can borrow the money to pay off the existing mortgage from any bank that will lend it to her.  But there's no particular need to do so; having her deceased husband's name on the mortgage documents doesn't alter the terms of her mortgage at all.  At some point a careful estate attorney might file an amendment deed or some such, to clarify that he (being deceased) no longer has any ownership interest in the real property, but in most places this isn't done since title searchers know how to look through probate files at the courthouse &amp; determine what happened to his ownership interest. I'm not sure that it matters if you have a mortgage jointly with a person who no longer exists.  How does a dead person's name on the debt affect the living person?


I'm fairly sure the current mortgage holder has little power to prevent you from getting a new mortgage from anyone you wish. Agree this may be better for personal finance. 

That being said, they are trying to sell you a mortgage, plane and simple.  Have your mom refinance to another company.   

Source: I am a Mortgage Lender, lots of shady companies out there.   If I had one guess who the current mortgage is with it would be OCWEN, they are the worst.  You might get this better answered by r/personalfinance