 My mom's fiance died a month ago, without a will. They weren't married, however they have lived together for 20+ years. Most of the stuff in the house is my mom's (furniture etc). However his son showed my mom a letter from his lawyer yesterday (Feb 2nd), stating that he has the rights to the house and all of it's contents. He had already started taking things out of the house, some of which are my mother's, after the funeral. Well before this letter was dated (Jan 29th). She is understandably upset about this, she's disabled and I want to help put her mind at ease. How do we protect my mother's possessions?   According to Google it does not. I will have basic rights the same as a stranger renting without a lease would.  I'm assuming your mom is still around, therefore you have her permission to access her residence. Her partner cannot revoke that permission. But if she dies or moves out, that permission disappears. In fairness to the police, they are not lawyers. If your mom passed away and her partner refused to give you access to your animals, they might very well accompany you to the house and help you get access, whether that's the right legal answer or not. They would require you to pick up the animals and leave. They would not force the homeowner to give you daily access. If there was a separate garage on the property that only you had access to where you kept your car, you might be able to maintain access. But if the partner wanted to they could probably lock you out. Again the police might help you pick up your car, but you would not be able to put it back. You have access because your mother, who is a resident, says you do. If she were to die, her permission goes away. The reason I take this so personally is my mom's partner has attempted to lock me out and prevent me from accessing the property before. I called 911, the police forced him to give me access.  He absolutely could ignore them. Right or wrong, doesn't matter. If he changes the locks and denies you access what could you do? You probably wouldn't be able to gain access without going through the courts. You may or may not have rights, but your rights wont get you immediate access to the property. If you force your way in and your mother's partner calls the police, you'd still be breaking and entering, regardless of how long you were storing things there. You're comparing a roommate who moved out, with someone who uses the facilities on a daily basis. Inal, but neither are you.  It’s not BS - you are storing your cars/dogs on his property. You can either send him a notice of entry (the requirements differ with every state, however I’ve most commonly seen 24hrs.) and then go get your shite when you say you will. I’d bring documentation (like, the title and vet records) in case he calls he police. My exroommate left her keiurig (spelling? It’s a coffeemaker) at my house. Once she moved out, she needed to contact me for a convenient time to come get it. She doesn’t get unfettered access to my house just because she left her shite here.   No. In this scenario it's same as the OPs. My mom's partner doesn't like me, like me parking in the garage or like that I leave my dogs in their yard during the day. So again. My mom dies today, my dogs and my car are stuck on her property? I call BS.  No. In your scenario, it appears that your mom lives alone. Imagine your mom died today, and she was living with a boyfriend. Even though you are inheriting the house, her boyfriend currently lives there, and therefore has the same rights as a tenant. You could text him and request that he allow you to enter the property to feed the dogs/get the car, or follow your state’s statues regarding giving a tenant a notice to enter. The dogs aren’t going to starve or suffer from dehydration, because the boyfriend can feed/water them - he might even might be able to claim ownership. In your hypothetical, once your mom died, your relationship with her boyfriend changed. He’s no longer your pseudo-stepdad, he’s your tenant.  So someone storing stuff there doesn't have any rights?  The son doesn’t have right to the home until the estate is closed and he becomes the owner. For now, change the locks, the son doesn’t need a current key. For the stuff the son took, send a demand letter to hook demanding her personal property back, and file a complaint with the police for him entering and stealing her stuff. He cannot prove any of the contents was the dad’s alone. It is likely jointly her stuff. She will need to defend her personal property in the probate court, but that should be reasonably easy. “Your honor, the deceased and I lived together for 22 years. We shared housing and expenses as though we were married. I financially contributed to the purchase of all the furniture except X and Y. I had X when I entered the home and he had Y before I entered. I have brought Y with me today for the heir. The furniture is all over 10 years old and thrift store value is $$$. The computer, TV, etc is all over 3 years old and has little financial value but has value to me due to the fact that I would have to replace it, after already contributing to the purchase 3 years ago.” A lawyer may be needed. You may not enter someone else's home without an invitation or a court order. The fact that his father lived there is irrelevant. OP's mom is now the one and only resident of the home and has complete authority to decide who is allowed in. \[citation needed\] What states give a non-spouse priority over the decedent's own children when a person dies intestate? I've never heard of this, and it seems completely wrong. The estate is now a landlord. A landlord can only enter under specific circumstances. Robbing the tenant under colour of "I think this is my dead mother's stuff" is not one of them. Im a bit confused. How would you have zero rights to enter the home of your dead parent? What if you had things stored there? What if you need to get the will? Or your parents ran a business out of the home? Or had pets? Or other things that need maintained? The son can't evict her until/Unless he has legal rights to do so by having his name on the deed. The house has to go through probate first before that can happen and it can still take a while longer if an estate lawyer wasn't retained. That would only make sense if the son was on the deed it specified something like joint ownership with rights of survivorship. If that's not there, it'll go through probate, which just adds to the time OP's mom has to gather what's left of her things and get out before the estate or the son evicts her. IANAL Is it a real letter from a lawyer? Mom should look up the low office online. If it is real then chances are they don’t know about mom.  So she was robbed? She was a tenant. Imagine your landlord's son coming into your house after he dies and taking your belongings as his own because his father owned the house. Take your mother to the police station and file a report. Change the locks on the door. Go to a lawyer and have him write a demand letter for the stuff back. If he wants your mom out, he can evict her, but this will take a while. Note that if she gets an eviction on her record, it can be harder for her to find a new place. I am just now taking wills and trusts, and it is my understanding that real property actually passes immediately even without probate yet at least according to the ube. that being said she should speak to a lawyer  't on the deed? That's what we've been worried about. Yes of course. She's a tenant. He isn't allowed into the property until he evicts her, which will take a couple of months at least. She's probably at least a tenant, so a formal legal eviction proceeding is required. She may have additional rights. Not being married, at least in my state, would limit her options. But at the very least he'd have to go through legal eviction proceedings. This is definitely "you need a local lawyer" territory. If she's over 60 (likely) or low income try local legal aid organizations. Heck, reach out to legal aid anyway. Worst that happens is she is over income. Frame it as losing her housing. I know ours typically doesn't get involved in complex estate administration or contested probate, but we'll always talk to someone in danger of losing their housing.  So she's a tenant. She needs to prepare to move out ASAP. Actually that should have started immediately after her partner passed away. That does not give the right for the heir/executor of the estate to remove her things from his house. I would suggest that she quickly secure anything she doesn't want to lose in a storage unit so he can't steal any more of her stuff, and she needs to file a police report for what did get stolen. And the fact that the son fucking stole stuff. Her stuff. He basically robbed her willingly. Even if she was a tenant, the son had no rights and basically robbed her. I’d go to police  Your mom is at the very least a tenant on a month to month lease. She has tenants rights. The son has ZERO rights to enter the house without your mom's permission. She should not open the door for him and call the police if he persists. She should have the locks changed immediately. As others have said, she may receive a 30 day notice to leave or face eviction, which while super shitty given how long she's lived there, may be legal. She should not ignore this. An actual eviction is done by a court, not an heir, but she does not want to have an eviction on her record as it will make it hard to rent in the future. Your mom needs her own lawyer. At least a consultation, which is not expensive, maybe free. In some states she might have a "common-law" marriage, in which case she would inherit the house, not the son. Even if she wasn't on the deed that doesn't mean she isn't a tenant. Her paying for utilities and any other expenses in the house gives her leverage against her belongings being wrongfully removed. The person who passed away didn't leave a will, state law should set out a priority list as to who can be appointed an administrator. I would get legal advice as some states I believe list spouse or domestic partner as a first priority.  Your mom would benefit from the advice of an attorney if she can afford one, or if you can help her hire one. She needs to understand her rights, and it sounds like she could also use an advocate to tell her fiance's son what to stick where. On what basis? It doesn't sound like she's a beneficiary or a creditor. He did. She wasn't on the deed either. But she has paid the utilities the whole time she's lived there, one of which is in her name.  Yeah. However she should expect to be evicted soon so she should start moving her items out asap.  She can legally change the locks even though she isn't on the deed? That's what we've been worried about.  I second the comments regarding probate. It may be worth seeing if your mother is eligible to apply for probate herself.  Lock the door and don't let him in. A letter from a lawyer doesn't mean shit. They need to go through probate to remove items.  Who owned the house?