I worked at a company that partners with vendors and fulfills online orders placed by customers in store to be delivered to the customer. In August, I was leaving out of the country on vacation for a five week trip which had been approved by my then manager. Two weeks after leaving, I received an email from my manager that my team was being laid off since the vendor we worked for was switching to a merchant direct model (basically making our team an unnecessary addition to their store) and subsequently, everyone on the team was terminated, or so I thought. Several of my team members were actually just transferred to different locations at other vendors but due to me being out of the country, no attempt was made on my employer’s end to find me a position, rendering me jobless and broke. A bonus of $1000 was being offered to employees during the last two weeks of August before the merchant direct model was put into effect. Unfortunately for me, I was still out of the country and successfully fulfilling those requirements was impossible since they included things like attendance and performance in store. When I returned from my trip in September, I was searching for jobs and worked a few jobs for only a few days each. That was when I received an email from my prior employer saying that positions were available for the holiday season. I emailed back and was accepted for a position. During my time at this position, an old coworker of mine who I had worked with at the last store found out I didn’t receive any kind of bonus whatsoever and told me I was entitled to that $1000. I reached out to other managers and higher ups who all told me that the bonus just was not “in their budget” and were only offering me $100 instead of the $1000. They claimed that the time which I left for vacation (08/11/2018) and date of the termination of the team (8/30/2018) was “too large of a time” to be considered for the bonus. 

Quite frankly, I am thoroughly confused at their responses and was hoping someone could clarify what they might have meant and if I am entitled to that bonus or not. My current supervisors are encouraging me to take legal action since the company is denying me a bonus which was being handed out while I was on an approved vacation during which I was also wrongfully terminated. 

Any advice is welcome.  You were not wrongly terminated, California, like every state other than MT, is an at will employment state.  That means absent a union agreement or some sort of contact stating you can only be fired for cause (which are super rare), you can be fired or disciplined for any reason (including a bad or inaccurate one) or no reason at all so long as the reason isn’t membership in a protected class (the big ones being race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, age which is 40+) or retaliation for engaging in some protected activities (again the big ones are some protected collective bargaining activities, filing wage claims, sexual harassment reports, reports to OSHA, use of protected leave such as FMLA).

Nothing here suggests that you were fired for any of those protected reasons. They fired you legally and had no obligation to pay a severance or find you another position. Nor does it appear from the face of your post that you are entitled to a severance bonus that was offered.  To get the bonus you had to meet some requirements, which you could not meet since you were on leave. That sucks, but it’s not illegal.  You can ask nicely if they will give you the bonus, but based on these facts it doesn’t appear you were entitled to it. &gt; A bonus of $1000 was being offered to employees during the last two weeks of August before the merchant direct model was put into effect.

What were the requirements for the bonus?

 California  Where are you located?  Generally you are not entitled to a bonus or severence. [removed]