So, i was involved in an accident about two weeks ago. I am not the person at fault. The damage was mostly to the right side fender, light, and bumper. The hood sustained a very minor chipped on the paint right on the edge where it meets the bumper. Anyways, when i got my car back. The first thing i noticed is that the chipped on the paint wasn't fixed. 

I talked to my adjuster about fixing the paint in that area and he took a pic and send it to his supervisor. When they called me back they are claiming that the chipped area has rust on it and they don't want to take responsibility for fixing it. They said that it happened way before the accident. After that answer i went ahead and took a bunch of pics and extreme closeups of the damaged area. No rust can be seen anywhere.

I tried to talk to geico to see if i could get another adjuster to take a second look to no available. They say that's not possible to assign another adjuster to the same claim. Fair enough.

I don't feel like i should pay out of my own pocket for damage that occurred during the accident. I pay full coverage on my car so I shouldn't settle for close enough or good enough when it comes to getting my car back.

What would be my best course of action?  I am thinking small claim court but have never done it. No sure who to take to court. I don't want to get a lawyer involved because the damage is not really something that would cost more that $200. But i shouldn't have to pay it regardless the amount. 

Thanks for listening.  I too feel like it will be tough. I will chalk it up as a learning experience and next time i am involved with an accident i will take as many pictures as possible. It just sucks that now i will have to pay to fixed it properly. Thanks for all the tips.  I feel you are being honest, but if they already made their decision its gonna be tough. I say go over their heads. 

Do yourself a big favor-ALWAYS take pics of the damages and make sure to take far away, angled and up close shots. hell take a video explaining it. Cause at the end of the day thats exactly what I do to document the damages and why I am paying for them. I never thought to take pics right at the moment of the accident. The sad thing is that i had the perfect photo opportunity too. The bumper clip where you fasten the bumper to the metal frame was over the hood. 
Here is a pic of the piece i am talking about

https://imgur.com/IuvioTU

you can even see that it matches up in the right area of where my car sustained the chipped paint damage.  It depends on where its painted. door the fender-yea its blended, but your not getting a blend on the trunk if the quarter panel is painted (depends onthe exact car of course. But a bumper to hood isnt something I will blend. It will never matter because brand new the bumper is often a slightly different color from the rest b/c its plastic and is not flat.

If you have pics of it hitting the hood perhaps that may help your case I understand. Its really frustrating having people assume I am lying. I will be way more careful in the future and make sure to get all the damage documented. Thanks for letting me know insurance won't match paint after panel break. I had two other accidents with this car and since I fixed it without insurance, on both occasions the two different body shops match the paint around. That's why I didn't even bother to mention to the adjuster because I figured it would be fixed. Now I know better. Thats pretty hard to say its related to the damages and its not a rock chip-you asked me Id probably say the same thing as they did. Id at least try and get some touch up paint. If they denied you there isnt much you can do, you can try going over them but it might not do much. damage area

https://imgur.com/7Kq5Vnn Im sorry to say Im not here to make judgement, but a pic super up close doesnt show me anything here either. I agree, people lie all the time but by that same token people make mistakes all the time as well. I should have the chance to get a second opinion and not just chalk it up to sorry. BTW, here is a picture of the chipped paint. 

https://imgur.com/yXTgo7c

As you can see, the damage it is right on the edge between the bumper and hood. You can clearly observe how the bumper hit the lower point and starts to rub upwards and towards the left side. On top of that you can see the paint starting to bulge on the top left indicating that the damage started from the bottom right. And lastly, i took that picture yesterday, more that two weeks after the accident and you cannot see any signs of rust like they are trying to claim.  Anytime there is a break in the body lines they generally wont paint to match. 

Course from the insurance adjusters prospective-people LIE all the time about damages and they have to deny stuff. Its a never ending game. Im a damage adjuster and some guy tried to tell me his front end where he clearly hit a deer (there was fur stuck in it) was somehow related to what looks like a pole/sign he struck on there back right/quarter panel area. I could see the white paint on the car... Yeah. I assume that's the case. I wish they had spoken to me before hand. Honestly, since usually the bodyshop have to paint to surrounded area of a crash to match the paint I never imagine that they wouldn't paint the edge of the hood since they replaced the bumper and fender. They chalked it up to a rock chip, thats the likely reason they are denying it. No worries. The other guys insurance is horrible which is why I decided to pay my deductable and fix it through my insurance. My insurance should've done a better job of accessing all the damage and then get all the money back from the other insurance.  Im sorry,  I assumed your claim was with the other drivers insurance. My bad Because why stick with one insurance if they they cheap out when it comes to fully cover all the damage from the accident. Does that makes sense to you? It doesn't make any sense to me. And what does this have to do with switching to insurance company as soon as it's time to renew in your previous post?  Because they failed to include all the damage from the accident and now they dont want to fix the chipped paint which now if I want to fix it it will be out of my pocket or sue the old guy who hit me.  I fail to see how this is any insurance company's fault, especially yours (you mentioned switching) God, I hate insurance companies. Thanks for the reply. I guess I will have to switch insurance company as soon as it's time to renew coverage.  Since the damage is so minor it undoubtedly will fall below your collision deductible so you can't file on your own insurance. Your only other option is to sue the other driver in small claims court. Not sure it's worth it over $200 not to mention you're gonna have to prove it's not preexisting damage by swaying the judge vs the testimony of the adjuster who is a trained expert in this. 