I need to rant and need some advice on how to handle this situation. So I live with 2 roommates... At the start, we didn't really have a system and I was doing all the cleaning and work for the apartment. After a couple times of frustration and asking them to help out more or to at least pick up their own stuff and not leave garbage etc. around the apartment my one roommate (let's say roommate 1) was very nice, understanding and apologetic. It was her first time living away from home and didn't really know anything. She has gotten a lot better and really makes an effort-I really respect that. My other roommate has proceeded to ignore all my frustrations and continues to leave a mess, not do her dishes etc. after months of being very nice asking to help out more or at least do her stuff, it has gone nowhere. 

A few weeks ago she said she was going to get a cat and I said that it's not a good idea because I'm very allergic and it'll be a lot of cleaning (for me to do). Since then she made a "chore chart" where alternate chores each week (her trying to prove that she can clean and convince me to yes to the cat)... 

The first week her chore was to clean the floors of all the common areas. I was home all day and she only did the kitchen and bathroom... not the living room or any of the hallways. I didn't want to fight with her since we've already been fighting about many things like she steals my food and baking things. So I simply added on the chore sheet "including living room and hallways". She then sent a picture of this in our group chat and was super pissed off saying she did it (even tho I'm 99% sure she didn't.) and if she did later when I was gone I still don't trust her for obvious reasons. so instead of arguing with her I simply replied "ok". She proceeded to send long messages insulting me and my other roommate saying stating specific things that we didn't clean well enough and all the things she cleaned (that one time... when I already do all of those every day). This started a big fight and I tried pointing out to her that there's a lot of things that she is still doing after I've asked so many times to help out with. 

After this I told her I'm no longer to be super nice and baby her, I'm just going to be honest, straight up and direct. One example is when she leaves her dishes in the dish rack for days/ weeks and just stacks them to make a mountain and then expects me and my other roommate to clean up after her. the other day she did this again and as always, there was no room for me to put my dishes. I very respectfully but directly messaged her and asked to put away her dishes before piling them up and letting my other roommate and I put them away. 

She, as usual, ignored me and let my other roommate do it all. The next day I said (since I cannot change her behaviour, I will just change mine) I will find a new solution which is buying another dish rack. This obviously really upset her because that night her boyfriend and cousin (her only two friends and complains she has no other friends) starting harassing me saying that I'm bullying her and she has depression so I should just suck it up and do her chores and that this is HER apartment (which is not true we all pay the same rent and are all equally on the lease) and then said that this harassment from them I brought upon myself because I'm bullying her etc.. 

I didn't even know what to say I was baffled-- I had never said a mean word and only ever called her out on her shit when she started having a meltdown after we asked to uphold her responsibilities. After I explained to her boyfriend and cousin the real issues and that it wasn't personal, but that my roommate should come to talk to me in person if she feels like I'm being unfairly mean to her, the cousin apologized and said it was a misunderstanding, but the boyfriend continued to harass me for 2 days. He was saying that this was all personal and I hated for some reason (which wasn't true until now... now it is personal) and continued saying that I'm just angry cause she's not giving attention or thanking me for doing all her stuff. This is not the case, she has been unfriendly since day 1 and I just accepted it cause I didn't want to be friends with someone like that. I explained that I was not seeking gratitude but I wanted equality, respect and effort which she has done nothing of. I further explained to them (after multiple times them bashing me for being upset over her stealing my stuff and not doing the dishes) that it is not these small things that are really upsetting me but it is the overall principle. Stealing is stealing no matter how much and that loses my trust. Living with someone who is this immature, passive aggressive and who I cannot trust- THAT is what makes me angry. He continued to say how much I was hurting her and being mean to her for getting about these things. 

This whole time I was very straightforward, honest and tried really hard to be respectful and asked to speak in person instead. After 2 days of this, I finally got fed up and admitted that I don't like her attitude cause she is non stop complaining about her life, that she has no friends, how sorry she feels for herself and that she thinks everyone should do things for her. I then said that due to this harassment from them and her overall attitude that she thinks the world owes her something it has now become personal. 

I told him I was going to block all of them cause I'm a full-time uni student and I work and have my own life and problems and couldn't handle this immaturity. He then he accused me of "running away" and "not facing the truth". Like wtf?! what truth?? The simple fact is that asking respectfully and directed my roommate to uphold her responsibility is not bullying her and she needs to start to do her own stuff. I eventually blocked him but I have been at my boyfriend's house for 2 days now and I honestly don't feel comfortable going home. Every time I come up with solutions she gets offended and sarts a big fight.... like this. How do I handle this?! This definitely belongs in /r/relationship_advice I didn't read all that. What specific **legal** issue(s) do you think you have? Not getting along with your roommate is not a legal issue.