So I was evicted on October 5th. I left like I was supposed to and had my mail going elsewhere. I wasn't able to get my mail for a few weeks until two weeks ago and there was a letter from my old landlord. It's a statement/summary of charges and, among them, he wants money for the next three months (Nov, Dec, Jan). It does say, in the lease, that he gets the next three months of rent UNLESS the unit has been re-rented. I recently went to the unit, last night to be exact, and found out the unit HAS been rented out, since October 25th to be exact. The new tenant was a very nice woman who gave me her phone number and happened to be holding her lease, so showed me it and where the signed and the date. We talked some, she explained she moved in the day she signed the lease, and I also asked her if a door was repaired. She said there was a hole in the main bedroom door that he (the landlord) said he'll fix. Thats the same door I noted on my move in as damaged as well and he told me the same mess, yet is trying to charge me a fee for damaging it. The lady was incredibly nice through all this and even gave me her phone number and said if I need her, I'm free to contact her.

&amp;#x200B;

My question is what should/can I do now? Obviously, the unit is rented out and has been since shortly after I left. The door is still damaged and, if the doors still damaged, I worry about what else could still be damaged that he's charging me for that I literally NEVER caused.  Landlord here so IANAL. What he is doing is called “double dipping” and usually against landlord tenant acts in most states (I think all but since I’m not positive I’m putting most). Respectfully tell your previous landlord that the space has been rented since the 25th of October and any rent after that date is not owed and to not contact you about it again. Do this in writing with a certified letter and keep your copy of it for your own records for quite awhile. While I can’t imagine the landlord would take it any further after that I have been surprised by the stupidity of part time landlords in the past.  

If for some reason your previous landlord decides to sue you, for the love of everything go to the court date and respond with your own attorney. The amount of people I have seen just ignore “frivolous” legal letters is insane.  It is probably better to email or text him so that you have a written record.  Presumably the landlord is evicting the person because they have breached the lease by not paying rent or being a nuisance, etc., in which case yes the landlord would be able to demand reasonable rent while they are attempting to re-lease the unit.  Can some one who was evicted by the landlord be forced to pay rent for as long as its vacant? I understand if you just break the lease you'll have to pay. But if the landlord willingly evicts you, doesn't that end the contract there?
 Landlord is double dipping. Either you're paying rent on that property or the nice woman is, but not both of you.

I doubt very much a court will look kindly on landlord's attempt to collect rent from two tenants who are each leasing the same property.

Write back via certified mail that you don't owe landlord anything because the property is again leased out.

Likewise the damaged door is also not your responsibility. A lot of lawyers offer free consultations. It might be worth your time to talk to one after you talk to your old landlord, if he doesn't let things go.  I haven't spoken to him, but Ill inform him of this. Hopefully he just goes without a fight cause I can't afford a lawyer. Send your old landlord a letter or email explaining that you know the unit has been leased and that you noted upon your move in that the door was previously damaged. You could be subject to pay for the 20 days that the unit remained empty and any back-rent that was owed upon your eviction minus any security deposit that was retained by the landlord.  The unit has already been rented out, you owe no money. The door was damaged before hand and since you marked it on your move in damages you don’t owe anything for that either. 

Have you talked to your old landlord? I would just inform him you are aware it has been rented out and that you stated in your move in documents the door was already damaged. Maybe potentially hire a lawyer if he doesn’t budge about what you owe. 