I live in Florida.

My father has stage four cancer, and was taken to the emergency room last week. We were told that he's had cancer for a while, and that his health has been getting worse over the past month due to metastasization. He was given a prognosis of about a month, and my mother and father have decided that he will spend his last month in hospice care at their home. 

The issue I'm posting about is that my father does not have a will. All of my parent's assets (house, cars, bank accounts, credit cards, etc.) are in both of my parent's names. My mother wants to have him draft a will soon in order to protect their assets. My question is, is there any way that he can draft a will without having to leave their house? It is possible for him to leave, but we want to avoid it to make sure he's comfortable.

My mother also has concerns, as my father's siblings have attempted to manipulate wills in the past, in reference to my grandmother and great aunt. Is there any risk of them making a fake will and forging my father's signature? If my dad makes a will, is there any risk of my dad's siblings suing my mom after my father passes, claiming his will wasn't fair to him due to him not being in the right state of mind?

Sorry if I misused any medical or legal terms in this post. Because I'm the youngest child, my parent's have been giving me limited information. 

Thank you for any help you can offer. Be careful on the self-created wills. Get the thing notarized and witnessed by independent people (neighbors, family friends). Someone else mentioned a recording, and while I don't know the reliability of those recordings it certainly won't hurt. Don't cheap out on these, at least spend the money for a notary (cheap), ideally get an estate lawyer. Every defense you can have to defend the will in court if contested will save you money and hassle if the worst comes to pass. Yes, you can have a lawyer come to the house.  Generally, what will happen is that the lawyer and possibly an assistant will show up.  You'll leave the two or three of them alone in a room together so they can speak privately.  The lawyer will go away and draft the will, then return with a notary to get it signed. It has nothing to do with the trustworthiness of sites like legal zoom. Those sites are perfectly fine for many people. The problem is that you've got a situation where there may be a will contest and by the time you realized you screwed up the drafting or execution of the will it is going to be too late to correct it.  Skip the DIY legalzoom and rocketlawyer more potential  problems. Definitely speak to an estate lawyer they will guide you in the right direction and will come to their home. As a side note, your uncles and aunts have Zero standing to challenge the will, they have no stake in his estate. If he were to pass before the will is executed generally 100% will go to the spouse by law.  

Edit: reading further since everything is held jointly house, bank etc it will automatically pass to his spouse on his passing. She will then need to fill proper paperwork to remove dad's name.  

IAAL, this does not count as legal advice and are advised to seek counsel in your state.  NAL. But I've handled the estates fire a few relatives who have passed. 

You may be able to get an estate planning attorney to come to the house.  If you tell them over the phone it's urgent, and you just need a straight forward will that leaves everything to the spouse, followed by leaving it to the kids, they probably have a template that they can fill in names for and be ready to go quickly. Having a will from an online source is better than nothing, especially since your relstives are known vultures. 

Find a traveling notary.  Google or Nextdoor can help you find one in your area. Have the notary and two people who are not beneficiaries (friends or neighbors are good - you want someone you can find easily in a few months if needed) come and witness the will.  If the attorney comes to the house, they may be able to bring a notary from their office with them. 

If you do the will yourself, make sure you have a self-proving page for the witnesses to sign: 2 witnesses should each be signing on 2 separate pages - otherwise you may have to get them to sign a notarized form after your dad dies.  

Also video tape the signing of the will.  Ask your dad a few questions up front - what's his name, who is the president, what is he signing, has anyone pressured him to decide who to leave his things to, and who should be receiving the majority of his assets. Assuming he's still with it cognitively, this video can be helpful if someone tries to challenge the will later. If you suspect someone will challenge it, it would also be helpful to have a doctor visit your dad, ask him some questions, then write a letter saying that your father is mentally sound. 

You'll want to do this ASAP because morphine and other hospice drugs can make your father not legally of sound mind.  If he is coherent and clear headed while on a low dose, that's fine.  But with cancer he may go from being fine to needing a much higher dose in a matter of hours when the tumor invades a particular spot (this happened with my dad).   You could even do a video with him now, asking questions to make it clear he's mentally present, then ask who should get his money, house and cars when he dies. Presumably he'll say his wife.  Then if you can't get the formal paperwork done before his pain is too great, at least you have something showing his wishes.  Since they're in line with the default rules for someone without a will, it should carry weight. 

In many counties, you can go put the will on file at the county probate court before your father passes.  Make sure you keep a good scanned copy and a couple paper copies for reference.  Putting it on file ahead of time is a nice pre-emptive move against a relative trying to file.

Otherwise, keep the will in a safe place, preferably one that relatives could not access (maybe take it to your house and lock it up?).   After your dad dies and you get the death certificates (order ~10, it will make things much easier), you'll want to file the will promptly, again to avoid giving relatives a window of opportunity to cause problems.  I'd recommend having an attorney file it in this case just to ensure the forms are done correctly the first time.  Preferably the same attorney who wrote the will for you.  Thank you for your advice. A reason what I posted was because I wasn't sure how trustworthy sites like legalzoom were in the case of fraud. I'll look into an attorney instead. Thank you for your advice. I will start looking into will attorneys. Speak to some estate planning attorneys. I'd imagine a number would be willing to do house calls and to expedite the processing.

Is there any risk of third parties engaging in criminal fraud? Sure? There is no way for us to know the answer to that question.

&gt;If my dad makes a will, is there any risk of my dad's siblings suing my mom after my father passes, claiming his will wasn't fair to him due to him not being in the right state of mind?

Sure, which is why you're going to use a lawyer instead of some DIY product from LegalZoom/Rocket Lawyer. You can't prevent lawsuits but you can build competent defenses. If your parents aren't willing to give you information they're unlikely to take your advice. Thank you, looking into this now.
 You can also hire an attorney to speak with him in hospice.    If you’re worried about the will being challenged, you should definitely have an attorney draft it and witness it.  Legalzoom.com 

Quick, relatively cheap and easy to understand. 