Both of us 17F and 17M are high school students and have been best friends for the past years. We have created a tradition of going to the field when it is dark to talk and look at the stars under our blankets. 3 months ago, she put her leg on top of me, which then led to cuddling, while we were talking and kept it that way the entire night. 2 weeks later, it was my birthday and in order to get my Tiramisu cake, she rolled on top of me to reach for it. Seeing this, I playfully rolled her back over and held her down while blowing raspberries on her torso. Later that night, she jumped into my arms to give me a hug and asked if we wanted to hang out again. Now she has involved the school, saying when I held her down and cuddled with her she felt uncomfortable and now I am forced to swap my entire schedule around and legal action may be taken. Can I really be charged with sexual assault because she didn't give consent? What do I do here? I felt like I was being led on.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR Girl sent mixed signals and now may press charges. Am I completely in the wrong? That depends on the school's procedures.  They may allow you to appeal to the superintendent or trustees. No. At least not legally obligated to. Okay. Also on a side note. If the school is asking to see my texts between me and her, am i obliged to unlock my phone to let them read the messages?  You’d follow whatever appeals process the school or district has in place. Okay thanks. Just wondering though that if they do decide to appeal, how would I even appeal because won’t many people side with the girl who filed for sexual harassment over the guy who feels like he was led on? You (and/or your parents) can take up the issue with the school administration or the district. Thanks, but is there any way I can contest the school’s decision without a lawyer seeing as her parents will not be pressing sexual assault charges. Can I contest the school’s decision? I have found out her parents won’t be pressing charges. Update: I do not think her parents are pressing charges but the school might seek disciplinary measures. Is there any way I can contest a suspension or sexual harassment misconduct if they do decide to go through with a consequence? As I am a senior applying to colleges right now, a disciplinary misconduct on my record would effectively ruin my already slim chance at getting into tier 1,2 colleges.  NAL, Get a lawyer obviously, tell your parents obviously, and move FAST dude.

Any and all messages about events you went to have to be screen shotted for evidence of mutual enjoyment/comfort/consent.  All incoming messages have to be screen shotted and saved, and not replied to

Ignore the chick completely and when your friend inevitably find out and grill you on it tell them your lawyer told you not to talk about it, because they will.  And your friends will absolutely repeat everything you say just know that. 
 preserve documentation of her fickle behavior.  You need a lawyer immediately.  The school might throw you under the bus in order to protect their reputation.   If you are contacted by law enforcement, politely refuse to speak with them about anything.

If you're arrested, talk to your parents and retain a criminal defense attorney.  Continue to refuse to speak with the police about anything unless under the guidance of your attorney.

I think it goes without saying that you should not be in contact with this individual anymore, even if they reach out to you.  Do not speak with anyone about the alleged incident(s) unless that someone is your attorney.