Hello,
If someone is insulting me on a platform (Cyberbulling), but I actually live in another country than the Website is operating, which country’s law is the one that actually matters?

I am from Germany, the Website operates in the USA (Discussion Network), the two having insulted me are English speaking, but I can not say where they come from, due to the anonymity of the internet.

Kind Regards.
 The Thing with „asshole“ was only one word I picked I thought would make my situation clear. There were a lot of other things as well. I could show you a link to the site if I would like me to. Are you referring to the NetzDG law? That makes the website responsible for removing content. It does not make the content illegal and does not provide for punishing the offenders beyond censoring them. (And I am still not convinced that calling someone an "asshole" would meet the standard.) That is somehow problematic, I know.😁 But if there actually exists a similar law in their country then it can be punished. Otherwise they are safe in their country. &gt;u/DiabloConQueso is a poopyhead with bad shoes.

Truth is a good defense to defamation claims and I must say your defense is rock-solid. I would think that the law where the harassers reside would be the most applicable.

And if not, then German law would be applicable.  The issue would be attempting to enforce German law on individuals who are not physically located inside of Germany. Actually I am talking about GERMANY, there it exists. And I know that for certain. Are you talking about the USA? I am not in material there. That is the reason why I ask. If it becomes effective in Germany then i have a lot of opportunity’s. That is why I ask. [deleted] &gt;  the law actually exists that insulting/harassment has to be punished

No, it doesn't.

u/DiabloConQueso is a poopyhead with bad shoes.

See?

It's not illegal.

It is not against the law so no law becomes effective. Of course you are right, but I thought I have perhaps not made my self clear, that is the reason why I brought the opinion of the moderators in to show what someone not having been in the situation has said about it. It is no proof. Also it does not always have to be illegal, but the law actually exists that insulting/harassment has to be punished and I think it actually was illegal what they did, but that is up to the judge (if there comes further investigation). But I think somehow the main topic got lost. The Question was which law actually becomes effective. The moderators are not law enforcement and are free to ban people for almost any reason at all.

Just because the moderators called it "harassment" doesn't mean it's harassment of the unlawful kind.

The hard truth is that we are not guaranteed a life free from hurt feelings, there are people all over the internet whose sole purpose seems to revolve around hurting people's feelings, and just because our feelings were hurt doesn't mean something illegal happened.  This is all going to come down to precisely what was said (though that's not a prompt to post what was said) and whether those words violate the law -- which they likely do not, and even if they do, it seems that the banning has wrapped this issue up. Well, the moderators banned them, but it actually hurt a lot. I am not going to become sentimental, but there were a few things they said that somehow sat. Also the moderators have made an Argumentation for the block and they actually called it Harassment. "Bullying," "insults," and "two against one" are generally not illegal.  "Harassment" generally is.

Easiest and quickest solution is to block and ignore, and continue to block and ignore. [deleted] You just used the word "asshole". It is not illegal to use that word. It is not illegal to use that word *at* someone. It might be against the website's Terms of Service, which is a customer service issue and not a legal one. [deleted] Insulting you (or anyone) is generally not illegal.