So at first I want to say I live in Germany and bought it from the UK.
So I was browsing r/FashionrepsBST a subreddit to buy used reps/fake clothes.
I found 2 Jackets I really liked so I wrote (let’s just call him Tom) and ended up buying them. I wasn’t able to use PayPal as it’s limited because I’m below 18 so I asked him to do it through Bank Transfer. He agreed and send me his bank details (Name + IBAN)
The next day I sent the money (185€) and asked him the 2 days after if he had already gotten the money. He said no and ask we for proof of payment which I showed him online aswell as offline (paper from the bank).
He still claimed he hasn’t gotten any money yet and accused ME of being a scammer.
Since then every message I wrote him (also tried about Chat on Reddit) wasn’t replied (but I know he read them because he answered other users). So I went to my bank and asked them if they could do anything: Nope.
My question now is: Can I open a police report on him? The first problem is I only have his Name &amp; IBAN and he lives in the UK. The Second problem is that I bought fake clothing which is forbidden in Germany.

Anything helpful will be appreciated!
(Special thanks to a Reddit User that reached out to me and went through the whole progress with me!) Already told him like 3 times still no response
Guess I‘ll have to contact the police  Will try it 
He already got banned but he can still DM other people
Thanks, sent 185€ well - tell him that you will contact police if he doesn't pay up immidiatly. He scammed you, you have proove that you have payed. If he doesn't pay up, contact the english police and report this incident, as he is set up how you discribed it, it is quite possible that he commits fraud on a larger scale and you are not the only victim. IANAL but I work in payroll. It’s possible to get your bank to put a trace on the funds which will definitively tell you that he received them. In my experience they always charge for this service so it may not even be worth doing depending on how much you sent, though. Is it possible the sub-reddit has a process for reporting scammers to try and avoid other people being scammed (since you said he’d replied to other people in the meantime)? Yea I also don’t want to do that
So there’s no other way for me to get my money back? This would not be a criminal matter but a civil one. You'd have to sue him in court for your money back. I personally would not find it worth it for an international dispute.  Yes, they told me they aren’t able to do anything. They said I can only get my money back if he sends it to me or allows his or my bank to transfer the money to my account. Have you gone to your bank to see if they can help you?