 So my landlord came over today without notice and came into the house without my permission because he wanted to inspect the house I told him to leave several times and he did not listen I called 911 and told them I had an intruder who wouldn’t leave The operator told me to not engage with them and to not escalate things I then fudged the truth a little and said I felt threatened and that I didn’t feel safe, I asked if I could remove him by force The operator told me not to do it, I once again fudged the truth and said “I don’t feel safe, I’m using force” and hung up I then went to my German shepherds crate and got her out (100 lb dog) I then told my landlord to leave or I would have my German Shepherd would kill him. He ran out of the house and said he was pressing charges I’m in Indiana where there is a stand your ground law so I feel I was completely protected by law to sick my dog on him to kill him. Is there any trouble I could get it for this?  Gotcha  I did.  Yes, you should’ve noted that. Why didn’t you inform the police of that when you called? Go read my other posts about what this man has done to me. And you’ll see I’m not the bad guy here No notice makes him an illegal intruder. Violations of your lease are something you deal with in court. They are not a reason to threaten to sic your dog on people. You got lucky he isn't interested in pursuing a criminal case against you. That cop is very likely right in that you'll be getting evicted over this. Also Indiana law says he’s required to give me reasonable notice, the lease says he’s required to give me notice, so how is he magically allowed to not give me notice? That doesn’t make any sense. Well the cop just showed up literally 30 seconds ago and told me that no charges are getting pressed but that the landlord will not ever be coming over again. And he told me “I’d likely prepare to move, he’s most likely evicting you” I know that's bullshit, you know it's bullshit, and a court is going to know it's bullshit. Stop digging the hole you're in and hire a good lawyer. The lease says he’s require to give me 24 hr notice. As does Indiana law I did really feel threatened. I just did some acting to make myself feel super super super threatened I felt threatened by him, I truly did, he had just pushed me out of the way in order to open the door. I have a lease. The lease states he needs to give me notice to enter the home. He just wanted to do a normal inspection on the apartment. I fudged it, I didn’t lie, I did feel threatened but I threw some acting on how I said to make myself seem REALLY threatened He did force his way in after I told him he didn’t give me notice, I then closed the door and he forced pushed the door open with me trying to keep it closed. He then came in and started inspecting as I told him to leave. He simply ignored me. He didn’t ignore the German Shepherd though, I’ve never seen someone go from being such a tough guy to a baby back bitch so fast. I mean there are a lot of ways you could get in trouble. You admitted to lying to 911. You lied about feeling threatened. You lied about knowing who is entering your apartment. You're contemplating murdering someone with a dog. You can't restrict landlords entry to inspect their property, and they don't need to give oral/written notice if they suspect property damages or are concerned on the well being of the tenant. Not to mention attacking your landlord will most likely get you evicted immediately on grounds of safety and wellness concerns. If you have such significant problems, and on a month to month, why not just move?  A landlord can go into your house. If it says in the lease, they shouldn’t need to give you notice to enter You were not, by your own admission, in fear for your life, nor would it be reasonable for you to have been so. Therefore you could NOT have done that. You can't kill someone for trespassing, even with "stand your ground."  You threatened someone's life after lying to the police. So, yes. Shut up, hire an attorney, don't say anything to anyone bu your attorney.