Bought a home with my SO about two months ago. Right before we moved he sort of flipped a switch behaviorally and we've been on the rocks since. I thought maybe it was stress. 
Last night things came to a head. He was drunk, I was sober, I woke him up to leave. He became belligerent, puffed his chest to mine acting like he was wanting to fight, started accusing me of cheating and calling me names (lying,cheating, hoe ass bitch) in front of my daughter. I subsequently left him there to find his own way home.

Needless to say I am finished, we are finished. I need to get myself and my daughter out of this house and somewhere else. 
We are in TX.
Do you have any suggestions on routes I could take to get myself removed from the loan of the house so he could refinance or advice on how to handle myself?
Everything in the home is mine. He honestly can't afford the home on his income but is adamant in staying here in HIS home. I just don't know where to start.. &gt; We are not married through the state, however, he has told everyone from the get go that I'm his "wife" and we are "engaged" because we bought promise rings for each other. So that is something I may be able to get away with and would make this whole process much easier.

It is highly likely that Texas consider you to be in a common law marriage.

Talk to a divorce lawyer immediately, before you make any decisions like leaving the house or asking him to leave the house.

I am sorry that you find yourself in this tough situation, but you have to do what is best for you and your daughter. We are both on the mortgage.
We are not married through the state, however, he has told everyone from the get go that I'm his "wife" and we are "engaged" because we bought promise rings for each other. So that is something I may be able to get away with and would make this whole process much easier.

As far as getting a restraining order.. when sober he's not physically aggressive but he certainly doesn't understand boundaries. My daughter is having a sleepover with my sister and I allowed him to sleep on her bed. When I came home I found him in my room, on the bed talking to his mother. Then a little later he knocked then let himself in while I was getting undressed for bed and told me how much he misses me and can he sleep with me. After telling him no he sat in my bed for another 10-15 minutes telling me how sorry he is and how he can't stand being in the tiny bed.. 
I honestly think I'm going to go somewhere else from here on out if I can manage, or sleep in my car, it would be better than having to deal with him trying to wiggle his way back. Makes me so uncomfortable  [removed] To add on to this, it’s really easy to establish common law marriage in Texas. You buying a house together could be a contributing factor. If you’ve ever referred to each other as spouse/husband/hubby/wifey etc. 

This may end up being a divorce rather than a break up, even if you were never officially married.  &gt;Do you have any suggestions on routes I could take to get myself removed from the loan of the house so he could refinance or advice on how to handle myself?

Who is on the house deed?

Who signed the house mortgage?

Based on your post, it seems that you are both on the deed and the mortgage. If that is not the case, please answer the questions above, OP.

In a nutshell, you are looking at a lot of trouble.

Short of getting a court order forcing a partition sale, you are stuck.

http://theexaminer.com/features/commentary/know-your-rights-force-sale-jointly-owned-property

&gt;Forcing a legal partition of the property will involve a lawsuit, and could result in excessive costs to be shared by all the owners. I suggest you speak with your brother and explain that one way or another, the property will be sold or divided. The costs of a partition proceeding, and the fact that a partition sale often does not result in the best price, may be sufficient to encourage him to work with the rest of the family. 

If you were married, this may have been something that was handled in a divorce.

Are you married? 

Are you two in a common law marriage?

If neither is true, the advice above is your own way out.

And I would not leave the house - if he is putting you and your daughter in danger, get a restraining order so he has to leave the house.

You can then negotiate the sale of the house so you two can disentangle from this mess.