Hi all, 

I’m 25 years old and recently my girlfriend and I decided to end our relationship of 5+ years. We recently just moved in together about 6 months ago (NYC) and both of our names are on the lease. I’ve already spoken to our landlord about our separation and alerted him that she is taking full ownership of the lease. He was thankfully very gracious and understanding of the situation. The point of all of this is that since my girlfriend is taking over the lease does she or the landlord owe me my deposit ($1,000) or do I even get anything back at all? I feel like she would be the one to provide that for me since I’m cooperating with what she wants and she is also taking full responsibility of the lease, but I could be totally off on this. Also asking because her mother is a landlord to some property as well and I honestly don’t feel comfortable confronting the situation without some sort of proper advice on the matter since this has been a completely new experience for me.  i never said it was legal issue. i said if you move out and sign off the lease you give up the rights to the deposit and i’m speaking from a few experiences of my own with a roommate and my cousin with her roommates  no, i spoke with the apartment company. they wouldn’t give any of the money back because our lease wasn’t up. that’s how it works here in minnesota and north dakota. if you move out before your lease is up and sign over the lease to whoever is moving in you give up the right to the deposit. You can ask the one taking over the lease to compensate you for the deposit but they don’t have to and it’s your choice to leave surrendering your deposit.  Your error was in signing over your rights to the security deposit.  You are supposed to get the money, then sign away your right to get money back from the landlord. Now maybe you really wanted out, and giving that money to your ex-girlfriend was how you convinced her to release you from liability under the lease. But that was a negotiation with her, not a legal issue. well in North Dakota where my apartment was once i signed over the lease to her i gave up all my rights to the security deposit and now she has blocked me on all aspects so there’s no way in contacting her. Happened to my cousin as well in Minnesota. The deposit stays with the lease.  I think you are conflating two issues. One, the landlord retains the entire amount of the security deposit. Two, you get your security deposit back when you move out.  Those things both need to happen. Most formally, when terminating your lease the landlord should do an inspection, determine if there is damage, and the return the remainder of the security deposit. The person on the new lease then tenders the entire security deposit.  This can be shortened to getting the money from the roommate and signing away your right to the return of the security deposit. You got robbed if you allowed your roommate to retain your security deposit until the end of their occupancy. usually the deposit stays with the apartment until the lease is up. This would be an issue just between you and your ex when she moves out and gets whatever is left in the deposit money. It’s not even a small claims court situation because you’re voluntarily signing over the whole lease to her. Been through this with a roommate.  &gt;Don't move out or sign a lease modification until you've been paid.

Most important part! I'd let it go personally. No bad blood move on to better things bro. Tell your girlfriend your fee to sign off on the lease is $1,000 and then any issues with the deposit are between her and the landlord and you're out of the picture.  Don't move out or sign a lease modification until you've been paid.