What do we do from here. Our plan does not cover out of network so we called beforehand and we were directed accordingly. One representative resubmitted the claims and are currently in network but now just spoke to her and said her supervisor reviewed the claims and they will be rejected by the system? We live in Massachusetts should we contact a lawyer or AG office? We were just given the insurance companies appeal form and were told they could do nothing else for us.  You can try posting in /r/insurance to see if they would be of more help on how to do the appeal and any other options you have. Yeah, I would pursue all of the above, and also chat with an attorney. With everything being processed out of network we're looking at around $8200. Thanks for the response.   How much money are you out as a result of this mistake?

I would definitely proceed with 1) the appeal, and 2) the MDOI complaint. You could potentially do both at the same time. I would also suggest calling MDOI first and seeing if you can have an informal chat with someone about your situation. Find out what typically happens in cases where an insurer says providers are in-network who turn out not to be. How do those typically get resolved? And 3) the civil remedies are always an option as well, in theory.

It would also be advantageous to do some Google searches and see if you can find some attorneys in your area who specialize in dealing with health insurance companies. This may or may not be worthwhile depending on the money at stake, but if you're polite, you may get a few minutes to explain your case and hear their thoughts on it and get some general advice. Yes, they told me that it was an error, that while our general plan listed them as in-network we have a more specific group of providers that they are going by that are, indeed, out of network and that they couldn't resubmit the claims as in-network. They have a list and recordings of all our calls because they have referenced them in various discussions.

&amp;#x200B;

edit: A supervisor told me that she would make "coaching notes" in regards to the representatives that I spoke with. What did they say when you pointed out that you've previously been told they were in network? Do you have any reference points for those calls, e.g. names of who you spoke with or at least times/dates? Do they argue that this didn't happen, or admit that it did but say it was inaccurate? Or did something change with the network status?

You should go through the appeals process and be thorough with that. Make it clear that you received prior confirmation that they were in-network. This is what the appeals process is there for.

If that doesn't work, you can [file a complaint with the Massachusetts Department of Insurance](https://www.mass.gov/forms/doi-insurance-complaint-submission-form). I don't know enough about MA to know what that process will look like or what you may gain from it, but do a little research there.

Finally, suing them in small claims court is always an option as well.