 Hey folks! So in June last year my husband and I bought a home that sits on one tract of land, and the deed also includes a second adjacent tract. It's all wooded, and we didn't pay much attention to it until the fall, when my husband was playing with his drone and flew over it. What we saw was bizarre, to say the least. There was a tent up there, and clothes strewn all around. Now at this time, we were not 100% sure if this was our land because we hadn't bothered with a property survey. But as the leaves fell and we kept an eye on things, we never saw anyone there and assumed things were abandoned. I put in a request for a survey around Thanksgiving and waited. Surveyor finally came by the other day just to walk around the property, and see what property lines he could determine by reading the deed. Unfortunately all it mentions are "stakes" that no longer seem to exist. So he went to our PVA office, and according to THEM, we do in fact own that piece of land with the tent on it. He will come back for a proper survey later. So my question becomes, at what point do we have enough legal recourse to put up "no trespassing" signs and trash this guy's stuff? We've learned his name from a neighbor, they say he is a meth addict who used to mow our lawn for the previous owner and she'd pay him and feed him. Wonderfully sweet old lady but when she moved, he lost those things and I have a suspicion he isn't happy about it. Not long after buying the house I was out front with my toddler and a car drove by, blasted their horn, and flipped me off. I have no clue who it was but the squatter would make sense--and that makes me want to be very careful, because during the day I am home alone (working remotely). Location is central KY. I plan to call our sheriff tomorrow for advice, but appreciate any other insights you can offer. Thanks!!  If you do #3, be very careful. If the guy is an addict, there may be contaminated needles around. Lol, fair enough. by putting notice. How do you evict someone who hasn't been there in months? In general, dealing with homeless camps the following is best from a practical standpoint. Legally you will need to evict however. 1) put notice on his tent 2) wait for the legally prescribed amount of time 3) remove his tent and belongings without damaging them, allow him time to relocated 4) if no action is taken, remove the belongings, put up no trespassing signs. Great info, thank you! According to nolo, KY has no abandoned property laws.  Yeah I already told my husband he has to wear gloves whenever he goes to deal with this. Thanks -- the grass on the path up from the road was untrampled, so we are pretty sure it's all abandoned. Definitely won't put it in the garage.  Yeah he was our neighbor before we moved. He's the official county surveyor so he has us on the list, just has to go through the proper channels. Oh cool. I spoke up because I wanted to make sure you got your money’s worth. Didn’t know it was a friend.  It's going to be crawling with bed bugs. Do not put it in your garage. Trash bags, in the tent. If he still uses the tent, even occasionally, he's a tenant and legally you'd have to evict him. If he hasn't been there for a full month or more, he's constructively abandoned his tenancy. Anything left behind is yours to dispose of as it's abandoned property, though you may want to offer to give it back as a gesture of goodwill. You don't need to worry about squatter's rights or adverse possession so long as meth-dude had the previous owner's permission to use the property. Thanks -- I've got the sheriff looking into the requirements for this, that's a good idea! Oh he knows, he just didn't have the metal detector with him. He's a friend and just happened to be out our way, he wasn't working at the time. Those “stakes” are sometimes made of metal and if that’s the case they would be just a few inches below the surface. The surveyor would use a medal detector to locate them. Surprised the guy that came out to y’all’s place didn’t know that.  And be careful of needles. LAYWER Take photos of everything before you gather it up. If he's not there you don't need to evict him. You almost certainly can't just throw his shit out though. Gather it up, stick it in your garage, put a classified ad in the legal notices section of the local paper saying he has 30 days to come get his belongings (make sure that is the proper length of time in your jurisdiction), and when the time passes than throw it out. Consult with an attorney. Better to pay to have things done right. If he hasn't been there in months, how does that work?  You'll likely need to evict him from the property. 