 I didn’t know how to categorize the restraining order but my recently separated husband (literally today) and I are in the same college class. Today he physically attacked me and the police were called and I didn’t press charges, but I don’t feel safe around him with the threats he has said. Can I take out a restraining order on him if we are indeed in the same class?  Yes you can file for a restraining order against him. Regardless of charges being filed or not there is a police report of the incident which is evidence enough. The burden of proof for a civil court case (such as a restraining order) is generally lower than for criminal court. That all being said. If you are granted the restraining order you are also held liable for breaking it. You are both responsible for staying away from one another and having no contact. So once you are granted the order you will want to talk to your university about what accommodations can be made for your class situation. You both still have an equal right to an education. I know it's hard especially because abusive people do a great job at making you feel like things are your fault. Just remember that violence only escalates based on what be thinks he can get away with. Stop letting him get away with it. The cops being called will be a big help in your getting a restraining order though. If he violates it, even once, please report it.  Thank you, really. I just feel horrible knowing that I’d be doing that to him but I also don’t feel comfortable going to school anymore.  Stop worrying about his consequences. If you had a restraining order he'd likely have to move his classes around or drop out. That would be his problem. Just like going to jail would be his problem. He could have avoided consequences by not assaulting you. He chose to do so anyway so let him face the consequences he chose.  I didn’t want to press charges because I didn’t want to see him land in jail and I was at his family house and currently packing. There were a few factors tied in that made me decide not to. I just wonder what would happen if I were going to get a restraining order against him considering the circumstances with our school. Maybe but it will be hard to claim you feel unsafe because you didn't want to press charges. 