I work in a nonprofit in Minnesota. I have a co-worker who was called into HR who said several people have said they smelled alcohol on her breath. This person has countered that they have Auto-Brewery Syndrome but cannot get the medical documentation of the diagnosis from another state nor can this person get documentation from their current doctor within the six days that HR has demanded. I believe this person at this time. What, if any, recourse does she have? Might have an ulcer from alcohol consumption  A doctor’s retirement does not suddenly make one’s medical records magically disappear. With the advent to phone, fax, email, even USPS, she should have no problem getting old records. 

Furthermore, while it *is* possible to get auto-brewery syndrome after that particular type of surgery, it is exceedingly rare. The condition, itself, is actually caused by the presence of a particular yeast in the person’s gut. Unfortunately, the other person that posted about this is correct, IF she actually had this condition, she wouldn’t just “smell” like alcohol, there her body is actually producing the alcohol and it would be IN her system, therefore, she would be working while intoxicated. 

That said, if she wants to continue this route and insist that she has this and she’s worried about her position, she should seek a new healthcare provider. Since there is no actual test for this condition (and certainly not one that you would need to be isolated for 24-48 hours) doctors run a few simple tests to make their determination. 

One thing to ask yourself, does she eat a lot of sugars and/or simple carbohydrates? If your answer is “yes” she more than likely does not have this condition. Those are things that people with this illness must be strict in avoiding, so if she’s taking in a lot of junk, she’s more than likely trying to cover up her drinking problem. 

Source: ER/Trauma RN.  Look, not to be mean here, but something like that is completely testable. The doctor that diagnosed it retiring doesn't mean it can't be confirmed by a new doctor. Another doctor can absolutely confirm it. 

I don't know anything about that disease, but I know if it's legit the medical records vanishing and a single person retiring doesn't make it impossible to confirm ever again. That doesn't make sense. Especially when you state it's a surgical side effect. 

I understand you believe this person but this story sure as hell sounds like something a clever alcoholic would think up.

Legally, if they have a medical disability, a company is in the right to require documentation. Does the company have not documentation on file for this? Then she can go to a new doctor and get tested and diagnosed again to meet the requirements to receive disability protection.  As someone else pointed out, it takes a few hours at a lab to test.  If she can’t or won’t attempt to meet that kind of standard request, she doesn’t have any options.

In answer to your other comments: Functional alcoholics are very good at hiding their drinking. Shockingly so.  And immune issues and digestive problems are common side effects of long term problem drinking.  Which also make it doubly strange that this person doesn’t have a regular doctor who is aware of the condition and can attest to it.  “Oh, I have a compromised immune system and major digestive issues, but I haven’t seen a doctor since moving to this state several years ago.” Or “I have a rare condition that causes me to produce alcohol in my body, which is a major irritant/risk factor for my other health issues, but I have never once discussed it with my current doctor” are the two versions of events possibly being presented, and both of them are insane.

 I know it’s rare but it’s not impossible at all that their doctor has retired and they got the diagnosis in another state (that’s a more full story). And I would suspect the smell of alcohol would be more frequent if they were an alcoholic. I’ve smelt it before too but like twice in months while I also know they have a compromised immune system and digestive issues. So, while very rare I think it’s a possibility.  Yep I see that too.
It does sound like that but I’ve seen this person grimacing in pain and randomly holding their stomach more than a few times but they try to hide it and they have always been forthcoming with everything and does have an underlying condition that would affect their immune system. Also, I believe the times this has affected her has been very sporadic; like a case of someone who slipped up in their management of the disorder rather than an alcoholic, of which I know a few. 

I understand the rarity of the condition but it rings true as a possibility for me. Thank you! If she needed an accommodation due to the syndrome (occasional morning off for a carb-based hangover), this is something that should be requested under the ADA.  If she can get appropriate documentation, maybe.  But all that would do is require the company to make a reasonable accommodation.  There are plenty of jobs where any alcohol in your system means you can't work, so if it's something like that, she's still going to be out of luck.

And honestly: it's not that disease.  It's exceedingly rare, and if she doesn't even have a diagnosis, then how on earth would she know that to be the case?  What's more likely: that she randomly guessed she has a super rare disease that recently showed up on some TV medical dramas, or that she's an alcoholic and lying?  If she does have a prior diagnosis, then she should be able to easily get a copy of it from her old doctor, but would also know how to minimize the issue through diet, which I figured out with a 20 second google search.   I see. Now, if it is caused by this syndrome does that change anything - or could it? Apparently medical records from Maryland are kept only 7 years, is what this person said - and their doctor from that state had retired. From a quick google search, it looks like it could take only a few hours.  Also, if she has been diagnosed there is no reason she can't get her documentation in 15 days. 

It sounds like she is making excuses. It's super nice you believe her though.  &gt; but cannot get the medical documentation of the diagnosis from another state
 
Are they lacking a phone and fax machine? Very little.  Smelling like alcohol is a valid reason to discipline or terminate someone on suspicion of being under the influence.  Making an unsubstantiated claim that you have a very rare medical condition doesn't magically shield you from disciplinary issues.  If he can't provide documentation, they don't have to accommodate his claimed medical issue at all.

Moreover, Auto-Brewery Syndrome actually causes your body to ferment sugar in your digestive system.  So if that were true (and I very much doubt it is) he doesn't just "smell like" alcohol, he's actually, currently under the influence while at work.   Understood. Now I believe diagnosis of the syndrome is time-consuming (may require 24-48 of isolation from what I’ve read) does that change anything? She can provide documentation for her disability. That is a reasonable request. 

EEOC suggests allowing 10-15 days to obtain documentation for ADA requests, but has no set limit or timeframe. She should speak to HR and request the 10-15 days that EEOC suggests. 