I rent an apartment in a large building in Philadelphia PA. When they have packages delivered, the packages that are too big to fit in mail boxes are delivered to a "package room" where the building staff then does their own "processing" procedure before we can pick up our package. I do not know what this "processing" procedure is exactly but we can only pick up our packages after they text us that it's ready. 

I would have no problem with this if it took 30 minutes or an hour for it to be "processed" but every time I've had a package delivered, I've had to wait 2 or more days AFTER I get the delivery confirmation from whatever service delivered the package. This is made even more frustrating because the package room is only open during certain hours, mostly during the day when I am at work. 

I read my lease and the only mention of package delivery is as follows:
"If we accept packages for resident it is only as a service and
we are not responsible for their packages or deliveries. If packages or deliveries have not been picked up within 30 days of delivery
Landlord may return to sender."

Any ideas? I (and other residents) have been incredibly frustrated to pay for expedited shipping only to pick it up several days later despite the package physically being in the building. 

Note: They will not let you go through the "unprocessed" mail to find your package on your own.  No good answer other than they don't have to.  Plus the delivery services generally do not deliver "to the door" of apartment buildings.  That would be something you'd have to ask them. Why wouldn't I be able to sign for my own package when they do the delivery? I'm usually available to pick up the package when I get the delivery notification. I should add that most work locations don't have a problem even receiving non-work related things. That's definitely worth looking into! Um...I dont think you are following.  The alternative is that you do not have packages shipped to that address.  There are alternatives such as a P.O. Box or Amazon Locker. I'd rather have that be the case but when I asked if they could not accept my packages, they said no.  Can you ship to your work? I know I can with mine and pick it up at my leisure so maybe that? They say "if" because they have no obligation to accept packages for you at all. Yeah, but the apartment building isn't run by the university. It's an entirely separate company and the university is like "yeah this counts as on-campus housing" so this company has a monopoly on sophomore housing. I'm (personally) paying over $900 a month for an apartment with 2 bedrooms, 3 roommates, and no real kitchen (just a hotplate, microwave, and sink). Dealing with the mail is just one of the problems I have with this building.

If I was ordering from Amazon, that's what I'd do, but I need electronics equipment for work and it's usually cheaper to buy elsewhere. If it didn't interfere with my job then I wouldn't *really* have a problem. Oof a university... You're shit out of luck and really have no legal recourse.

That being said there's other ways to ship. For example Amazon can ship to "pick up points" which would definitely allow you to pick up packages at your convenience and won't have a delay. I asked if I could do that and they said it was not possible. One of the things I was confused about in the lease was "If we accept packages..." which makes it sound like there's an alternative (despite the staff in the building saying otherwise). 

All in all I would not be living here if my university didn't require me to. You're not gonna want to hear this but I'm not sure that anything is being done wrong. It sucks yes, but I don't see anything illegal here. 

They take your packages as basically a service you sign up for and can return when they can. Perhaps you start accepting your own packages of possible?