Hi, everyone! First time poster from New York here.

So, I've been happily married for 10 years until my wife, who I brought to US and supported while she was getting her PharmD, decided to leave me and our 3yo child. Long sad story short, I met another girl. She is from my home country, seems to be genuine and great, and really gets along with my son. She is in US now with visitor's visa and, after a few months together, I am positive that I don't want her to leave. If she was not on a visa, I wouldn't hurry, but it seems that we need to get married as soon as possible in order for her to stay here legally. 

Here is what I need an advice about, based on me being a resident of New York state. I have a significant amount of money in the value of my apartment. It's still owned by my ex-wife and me but, according to our divorce agreement, in about 6 months we will either sell it or I will buy out her share and become a sole owner. I also have a 401K plan with the value of about $100K.

Do I need a prenuptial agreement with my fiance to protect my share in the apartment and my 401K? If we sell my current apartment, we will probably buy another one sometime next year. In this case, do I need to protect my downpayment for the new apartment that will go from the sale of the old one? 
It turned out to be a very sensitive topic for her, and I don't want to take her through this if it's not absolutely necessary.

Few things to consider:

1. I don't mind the future increase in the apartment value and my 401K plan to be a shared martial possession. 

2. Lawyer's fees around here seems to be at least $1000. And it's recommended that we both have our own lawyer which doubles the fees. I can hardly afford even one lawyer right now, so, if we will be doing the agreement, we will use only one. 

3. It's recommended to sign prenups well in advance before the marriage. However, we don't have the time to wait. We will go to the City Hall this month.

4. We could generate a generic prenup from some website that I found and sign it with two witnesses or a notary. Would a simple agreement like this be enough, considering that 2) and 3) make any prenup contestable anyway? 

Thank you in advance! 
 Each get your own lawyer-Using one lawyer for both of you can be considered biased and be thrown out. This is just fraught with disaster. If you're going to do this you're wasting your time, and money, if you don't do it right. You're rushing to do this like you're wanting to do it is going to undoubtedly bite you in the ass.  &gt; We could generate a generic prenup from some website that I found and sign it with two witnesses or a notary. Would a simple agreement like this be enough, considering that 2) and 3) make any prenup contestable anyway?

Doing this would likely end up with it being less than enforceable in court.

You each need a lawyer to make sure it's done right.  This is one of those things you don't want to try to DIY.  If you have enough assets to warrant a prenup, you need to do it the correct way.