On Dec 2, left a party after having a alcohol. Snowing outside, decided to drive down the street about 1mi away from home. Car spun out. While waiting for roadside assistance police office happens to pull up behind me. Ask for information then gave me a field sobriety test, pen test, then proceeded to ask me to get out the car. I did, did some line step, then he ask for me to do a breathe test, I refused and explained that this shouldnt be neccessary because I did the pen test,, then told him he then gave me the other test why am I going through 3 field test so I refused the breath, he said the first test showed him sign of intoxication, the second test I did in fact pass but he said I still need to do breathe test. I refused he then said I had to take the breathe test so I did, it didnt make the clicking noise (I'll tell you about this soon), this is my first dwi experience ever. He then said you blew .12 arrest me put me in car then calls a judge and gets a warrant for my blood sample. Gets to hospital for sample takes me to jail, then as I'm in jail they gave me a breathe test again this time I blew it cooperatively since they already have my blood, and it clicked. So I'm assuming he lied about the .12 and got the judge to approve a warrant under "probable cause" but what was the probable cause? I didnt get stop I waited for roadside assistant during a winter storm. 

Do I need to hire a lawyer or a public defender, I have no funds to hire a lawyer but will get a loan if I need to.  Nothing in your story would present a legitimate defense.  Get an attorney and maybe there are additional details that weren't there included that you could challenge this.   Ah yes, the downvote for telling the truth.  I'm not quite sure what you're asking for. You proved on numerous occasions that you were legally over the limit for operating a motor vehicle. 

&gt;I refused and explained that this shouldnt be neccessary

That's not your call. It's the call of the police. 

Why would assume the police lied?  They have no reason or incentive to arrest you. [deleted] You absolutely need a lawyer.  I dont know but the bac when I was in jail read .10 from the breathe test in jail as they're booking me. 

Mn legal limit is .08 What was your blood sample reading?