She said it is against his religion. Except the parenting plan gives my son all holidays except thanksgiving. She already taught my grandson that his dad, uncle and grandfather's are part of satans army because they all served in the military.  Is there anything he can do. She has money for an attorney but he doesn't  Your son should write her a polite but firm letter reminding her of their parenting agreement and the fact that the court has ordered that he has visitation for Christmas holiday.  He should emphasize that he respects her right to her religion and beliefs, but if she refuses to comply with the visitation agreement he will file a contempt motion with the family court.  He should send this letter by certified mail to her address.  Then if she doesn't let him have their son for his visitation, go to the clerk of courts office and file for a contempt charge.  Most states have forms you can fill out in family court if you can't afford an attorney.  He will also have to pay a filing fee.  Look at it this way, today most judges have little patience for parents who don't comply with their court orders.  He could very well end up with custody eventually if she plays games.  Just document everything.  But remember DO NOT interrogate your child about what mommy says or mommy does.  DO NOT bad mouth mommy to the child.  After sending the letter I would communicate with her mainly by e-mail.  E-mails are written proof as apposed to phone calls which are he said she said.  Keep all text communication as well. Thank you this is very helpful [removed] Leah Remini just did an aftermath special on Witnesses that might be helpful to you. Most of her stuff is on Scientology, but she had a lot of exJWs reach out to her through that to tell their stories.  [removed] Jehovah Witness and Mormon very similar oppressive religions  I apologize for this but....JW? Mo? In the state I live in, I have called the police when the other party was in violation. This provided documented proof when I took the other party to court for violating a court order.  I hope so First, she would be violating the custody agreement. If she withholds the child for the holiday, then he should go to court and ask for her to be held in contempt for it. 

Secondly, her telling the child that his dad, uncle and grandfather are part of satans army could get her in more trouble for parental alienation.  If OP has a copy of the most recent court order in his hand as he calls the police, they may well enforce it. What they don't want to do is mediate between squabbling exes, but a court order is enforceable. This is something I have seen happen in my state at least. 

OP could also go to the police station with his court orders and have a chat about that calmly. 

If the police still don't want to get involved, OP needs to go back to court.  Will do thanks OP's friend should read over the court orders and see if there isn't any language in there about parental alienation. 

If there isn't, the friend should definitely talk to the judge about that and even ask for an amendment to be added. 

In other news, OP and friend should see if /r/exJW has anything helpful to add.  She has gotten weird since converting NAL, but re: JW - my dad converted after I was an adult, and he stopped recognizing holidays. Make sure the dates are in the custody agreement, or something else that specifies holidays by a method the ex can't argue about (like "federally recognized holidays"). Thank you this will help him.  [removed] I hope it works that way here Have him mention the "satans army" stuff to the attorney.  In some localities there are laws against "alienation of parental affection" or something to that effect, this is something that can be written into a new custody order.

Basically- you can write in and get the court to order that mom cannot say to son that Dad is evil, as it interferes with the child's relationship with his father.   The police will check to make sure the child is not in danger and then tell both parties to contact their attorneys. Calling the police is not the best option unless you feel the child is in imminent danger. In addition to violating the current custody agreement, this also sounds like parental alienation. This is definitely worth bringing up with a family law attorney. If they have a court ordered parenting plan/custody agreement, then the ex does not have a choice. If she violates the order, your son will need an attorney to take her back to court. Okay I will tell him Then he needs to move to hold her in contempt for violating this plan. 

He is better off doing that via an attorney.  I don't need your prejudice  [removed] Your son really needs a lawyer to help with this. Short term, if she refuses to provide your son he should contact the police as she is violating the parenting plan. If their parenting plan says he gets the child on Christmas, it doesn't matter what his orientation or religion etc is, she can be held in contempt if she doesn't follow the plan. (assuming this original plan was done in court)

If she wants to change the plan, it has to be done in court. 