Hello LA-
I live in Maine. Here’s the story:
I rent an apartment from a private landlord. I have a lease.  I am on hold with local legal aid right now. Will update when I get off the phone with them.  Oh and BTW I wouldn't panic if this does go to court. If this terribly badly written notice is all he has, I have a feeling he'll be in for a surprise. I would just wait and see if you get a follow up from the landlord or receive a court notice. You did all you can. If you use a newspaper, keep it until all this is completely over. That way you have proof. 

Also upload the pictures to a cloud service Holy shit it doesn’t say that. It only says 
“You are notified that you are living in unhealthy living conditions. A notice will be filed to evict you if you have not cleaned or moved out of the dwelling within seven (7) days after you receive this notice. If you clean before the end of the seven (7) day period, you may stay.”  IANAL.

He can't just show up in court without  proof and get you evicted. Someone below mentioned section 6021, which isn't the issue here, it's section 6002 which is pretty a narrowly defined set of 7-day eviction reasons (the poster was right that Maine is very tenant-friendly) [http://www.mainelegislature.org/legis/statutes/14/title14sec6002.html](http://www.mainelegislature.org/legis/statutes/14/title14sec6002.html)

&amp;#x200B;

~~Did the landlord provide a written notice?~~ Did the notice say you have the right to contest this in court? By law it has to say that. If it doesn't, you can actually not show up in court and the judge will set aside a default judgment against you. Still, and you probably already know this, you really should show up in court if it gets to that.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: wording [removed] [removed] Oh, you definitely *can*, but the process is a whole lot different than a regular eviction. I tried not to give the impression that it couldn't happen, which is why I worded it the way I did. According to pine tree legal, you absolutely CAN be evicted in the winter with children. Otherwise I would absolutely have already been in contact with someone.  I'm also a Maine resident and I wanted to add a point. You don't mention it, but do you have children?  

If you've got kids, your landlord is fighting a losing battle to try and evict you during the "winter period". There are boatloads of protections for parents in the winter against evictions.  

First and foremost, call our AG's office. They're sort of a "catch-all" here in the state and have helped me in a bunch of different ways. They won't file anything for you, won't pay for anything -- but they can point you in the way for assistance if necessary **and** they will walk you through the process of getting an attorney who is reliable. In fact, they probably have a list of them they can give you to help with your search.  

Seriously, call the [AG's office.](https://www.maine.gov/ag/contact.html) But if he tries to evict you, you really should talk to a lawyer. If you cannot afford one, there should be a legal aid in your area that will at the very least offer you advice (and legal aid attorneys hate scumbags like your landlord so they might go the extra mile). Search for "landlord-tenant attorneys" or "eviction attorneys". Ding ding ding... He is looking for a quick eviction.  If he wants the apartment in show condition, he can pay a maid to clean it before a showing. You're not obligated to make it show ready for him and help him sell the building.

Also, here is the Maine law regarding habitability. 

http://www.mainelegislature.org/legis/statutes/14/title14sec6021.html

Note, it mainly protects you, the tenant. 

It also doesn't mention clean floors.

If he continues to be a dick, get a lawyer to write him a fuck off letter. It seems Maine may even have penalties for landlords who try to retaliate through eviction threats. Start regularly taking detailed photos and/or videos of your place, ideally with something with the date/time on it in the frame (newspaper, some recent bill received, etc). If he makes another complaint, you want evidence that the place is regularly clean, and be able to provide that evidence if he tries to evict. It sounds like maybe your landlord has decided that it will be easier to sell the building without a tenant, because any buyer would still have to honor your lease.  Unless you get something in writing saying you're all clear, assume it's still in effect and that you will need to appear in tenancy court with any evidence you have or lose by default.  (You're correct that the things you reference should not meet the standard for evicting you.) IANAL...


If you're served fight it, make sure you show up for the court date, and be prepared with your evidence. Print out stills from the video and bring 3 copies of everything you plan to present in court. Dress like you're going to court, be respectful, etc. 

One thing I suggest, having done it myself, is find out what judge you'll be dealing with and go in to court in the gallery (audience) and just observe a few rounds of eviction hearings, they can be fairly fast paced, it might shock you how quickly they just rule for the petitioner if the respondent isn't ready... so be ready. 

If you can afford it get a consultation with an attorney. 


That said, it doesn't sound like they have a case against you. It may be worth going to an attorney and getting a very strongly worded letter telling them just that. That's what I did, my LL didn't show up to court, and all was good after that.  Thank you!  Cool Habitability in terms of residential space generally follows a set definition, none of which is met by your description of things. You absolutely should fight this if he pushes it, because you don't want an eviction on your record. I can't imagine the judge doing anything but slapping your landlord for his idiocy. Bacon reader decided for a few minutes that it wasn’t necessary. Should be fixed now.  What happened to the story?