If I'm tired of living with a constant stream of strangers in my apartment, can I argue to my landlord that I should be let out of the lease if he's unwilling to enforce the parts of the lease that forbid AirBnB and activities that "unreasonably interfere with the rights and convenience of other tenants of the property"? the guests have a contract with airbnb, but the people listing the room on airbnb are in violation of the lease.  [removed] IANAL.  I assume you're roommate is not present when the AirBnB guests come. I understand that you can kick out any guest of hers if she's not present (eg a boyfriend overstaying his welcome).  I wonder if you could trespass any guests through AirBnB or if the have more rights because they have a contract.  My sense too. 

If lease prohibits short-term rentals, LL and one of the two tenants on can't just agree among themselves about provisions of lease they agree to ignore.  You're really in a tough situation here. Legally you and your roommate are both responsible for 100% of the rent and your landlord cannot evict just one of you. Collectively you are violating the lease. There is no "her" and "you". Now you may be able to sue her if you end up getting evicted but it would still be on your record as an eviction.   You could try contacting AirBnB and explain that she is violating her lease and that you also live there and don't give permission for anybody to rent her room. It probably won't work but it's worth a shot.

Neither of these options are great but you may be able to get her to stop renting your room.

1. Tell her that going forward you will make it a living hell for anybody she rents to. You can't assault them, but you can make smelly food, play music or watch loud porn late at night, pretend to talk loudly on the phone right outside their door at all hours of the day. Eventually she will get enough complaints against her that AirBnB won't allow her to rent any more.

2. This is the nuclear option. Tell her you won't pay rent if she keeps doing it, and then she either has to pay 100% of the rent of you both get evicted. It sounds like he is breaking the lease. Perhaps you can see if he will let you out if the lease with some persuasion on your part of "think how much more $ you'll make when I'm gone and you rent it all with AirBnB!" Yes. I think since it's in violation of the lease you should have a case here That's a really shitty thing for her to do. Are you on the same lease?  