To try and make a long story short, two close friends of mine (let’s call them Lana and Trey) were having marital issues and officially were divorced last September in Indiana. Since then, it’s been nothing but issues and games from Trey paying any child support. 

To give you and idea of their living situations, Trey had moved out with his dad last January (yes, that was well prior to the divorce and was part of the reason it happened in the first place), and since has gotten his own place.  Lana kept the small two bedroom apartment and has struggled ever since to keep the place. Mind you, she has been married and divorced twice now and has one kid from each husband (one is 9, the one with Trey is 2 years of age). 

To get to the issue, he was working for one company for most of their marriage and was fired sometime around June. He got another job immediately after that is paying him  double what the previous did and is well off financially now. He lied about the new job, but she got a notice (since he applied with his old address at her place) about the new one, and he admitted to having lied and was only out of a job for a week. Still, They both agreed to go off the pay from his old job/income though, and he has since paid only that to help him catch up on some bills (despite her struggling every month to pay rent, herself). 

Lana has been asking him for a new pay stub for weeks, and he refused at first and now claims to forget it every single time they meet. I think she’s asked a good 10 times at least by now, and while she has an idea of what he makes, she wants to see it and use it to update the child support. Mind you, what he pays now doesn’t even cover babysitting for their child throughout the week, and he makes about double what she does. 

I’ve done some research to help her out and know she will need a subpoena to have the courts get a new pay stub to her. My question is, can she file that online or print off a form? Will she have to go to a lawyer for it, or can she at least wait until a court date to hire someone? Will Trey have to pay her back child support since he has had a better paying job than what was claimed the whole time? And if Lana does have to pay for a lawyer, will he have to pay for her lawyer fees as well eventually if the court aides in her favor?

TLDR; my friend let her ex use his old income statements for child support, and every time she asks for a new pay stub from a job that is paying him double that, he either refuses or says he forgets. Will she have to get a lawyer to file a subpoena, or can she at least hold off for now? Can she file the subpoena online or print one off to send in? And would her ex eventually have to pay for her lawyer for making her file through the courts if they side in her favor (may sound silly to ask, but it also seems more than fair to me since he’s made paying child support go to court rather than working it out with her). Ultimately, is there anything I can suggest to her outside of going to a lawyer for everything? /u/locationbot recall