Hello, I have received two emails from a hacker trying to extort money. One of the emails he sent it from my email account to myself.  I did not see the emails initially because they went straight to spam but now my husbands email has been hacked and a [walmart.com](https://walmart.com) and [netflix.com](https://netflix.com) accounts have (tried) to be open using his name, phonenumber , and email address. Luckily no purchases have gone thru with the credit/debit cards the hackers have used but now he is getting email messages to his personal phone. Other than freezing our credit and calling all of these companies to warn them this is not us using these what we assume to be stolen credit/debit card numbers that are not ours, what else can we legally do? How can we legally protect ourselves :( I feel that this person will not stop. The purchases and the opening of accounts started 24 hours ago and today receiving more news. I do not want to wait to be contacted months down the road by someone(s) who think we were the people who stole their info ( since the hackers is using our info as their people on these accounts). have also filed a complaint with the IC3 (INTERNET CRIME COMPLAINT CENTER).  If this is not the correct site, please advise me so I can take it off. Thank you Reddit!! 

P.SSorry, forgot to mention a few more details. In the emails, the hacker provided his bitcoin wallet address in the email is there a legal way to find out if it is an active account ? The scary part is the one of the emails was sent "from me"  to myself. We've also changed/updated all our passwords for everything. Also set up 2 factor authentication on any accounts that allow you to do so.  Glad I could help.  That's a really common attack vector, and if you changed all your email passwords (to something new obviously), you should be set.

I would still run trendmicro housecall on any PCs to check for trojans just to be sure.

Also check what was in the email account (SSNs, Debit/Credit card numbers, paypal, etc.) and take precautions. Yes, this person had two additional alternate forwarding emails listed for me and also on my spouses account .This is very upsetting still so thank you again for suggesting that. I would have never thought to even check that at all. okay,thank you very much for this info, I am doing this right asap! Change your passwords on your email accounts... preferably from a phone because they're way more annoying to compromise than a PC (for a hacker).

Check to make sure that all the email accounts have no fowarding addresses set (to the hacker) for getting the verification numbers.  Remove them if you find them.  (Method different for each email provider, google procedure)

Go to /r/techsupport for asking about scanning/cleaning any PCs (trendmicro housecall is a good start), I don't know much about macs.