Hey all,

I went to post this to r/personalfinance but decided that this might be better suited here, if I'm wrong just let me know!

&amp;#x200B;

Okay, so back when I was still living in Florida (about 2 years ago) I was working for a small construction company that one of my buddies worked for. They were good with hours, and I was also going to college during this time and they were pretty flexible with hours and letting me go to classes. Anyway, the owner of the construction company also had a few bars that they had purchased or owned and wanted to renovate. I think this is pretty important because not only was I working for this persons construction company, I was also working on a bar that they had owned. While we were pulling down the ceiling to expose the wood beams that were above it, I was standing on a ladder and pulling down the ceiling when I slipped and fell about 4 feet down off a ladder, landed on my ankle wrong and ended up going to the hospital immediately afterwards to get it checked out. When I arrived at the hospital, I informed the nurses and doctors and everyone that I spoke to that I would not be paying for this, and that I was injured on the job and that workers compensation should cover it/ the company that I worked for would be responsible for the bills.

Fast forward to today: My wife and I are looking at buying a house soon, and I checked my credit report to see what my credit score was and see if there was anything I could work on to help boost my score. Under my collections I have one from the hospital and one from the physicians themselves (I guess they work for the hospital, but have separate billing? Not sure how that works). And to top it all off, the company I worked for ended up firing all but maybe 10 employees soon before I moved because they were downsizing their operations. I have 3-4 witnesses when I fell and I can get the contact information of the owner of the company to proceed however I need to. 

How should I go about this? Disputing with the hospital? Asking the owner to pay? Taking him to court? I'm afraid if I take him to court then the cost of the lawyer will be close to the same as just paying the hospital bills myself. Start by contacting the ombudsman's office at the Florida Division of Workers Compensation:  
https://www.myfloridacfo.com/division/WC/employee/ That's what I thought. I was kind of afraid to get a lawyer involved but I think that at this point its kind of necessary. Thank you for your help I will look into that hotline! Okay. FL has a workers compensation hotline you can call - I’m not sure if it’s too late for them to do anything or what. You could also contact a workers comp attorney to see if they have any advice.  I didn't file a report with my employer because the owner of the company was literally standing 10 feet away when it happened. They told me that they would cover the bills verbally but I never got any paperwork. I was only 20 at the time and don't have anyone to help me in terms of family or anything, so I didn't know how it worked. In hindsight now that I've grown and started understanding the terms of life (a.k.a getting everything in writing), I know they were just B.S-ing me cause I was young and naive. I don't understand - did you file a report of your workpalce injury with your employer within 30 days?  It doesn't matter if you told the hospital, you have to report it to your employer.

Did you get information from your employer's workers' compensation carrier shortly thereafter?

What basis did you have to believe that workers' compensation had already covered this bill?  Did they send you a letter saying that they had?