Can't give much info at the moment, she's in the shower now so I can post. Will update later though.

She works in a sales industry where large bonuses are not uncommon &amp; she just had her first few come in last week. Well, that's what she told me. However, the deposits are all from loan companies, so I called one &amp; found out she took out at least that loan in my name &amp; I assume the others as well, haven't called yet.

The money has already been spent, mostly to pay off our car loans, with about 10% of "fun money" to spend on some car parts for me &amp; some makeup stuff for her. So I can't just return it &amp; call it good.

What do I do?? [deleted] https://www.annualcreditreport.com/index.action is the free site to hit the Big 3. Is it legal for OP to start recording conversations and such? If she's unstable and this blows up into an argument she could potentially make accusations that could get him in trouble Hmm, good question on the vehicle. My expertise is in the "loan" side of the situation, and I just don't know enough about family law to have a clear answer.

That is a lawyer question for the facts specific to you in my opinion, but another person here may know more. As for the loans. If you can effectively allege fraudulent activity, you might just be able to get out of your responsibility to repay. I will sound like a broken record, but an attorney who knows these situations will probably know how that all works if it was your wife who did that. I know that it was illegal if she signed your name for you without your knowledge, and that the steps to resolve that start with calls to the credit bureaus and the loan issuers, but after that it is pretty case-by-case (and being a spouse may complicate that, I don't know for sure).

Good luck my friend, this sounds like a crappy situation and I wish you the best! [removed] [removed] [removed] After only being married three months I don’t blame you. But like others have said, get everything together before talking to her if you do plan on getting divorced. It’ll be so much easier to get it done before you have to deal with telling her. 

An ex of mine fucked my credit, after we had broken up but still had a lease together he stole the credit card I had (I was trying to build my credit at the time so I wasn’t making huge purchases) and blew through so much money. I’m still trying to get everything sorted out.  [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] All 3 It is interesting that she was able to book loans in your name. Not a lawyer, but I am a loan officer, and while possible it isn't easy because each person who was added to the loan to get it approved (credit was pulled, is legally responsible for it, etc) needs to sign separately. Only ways I would know how to get around that is an impressively lazy/negligent loan officer, or your wife knowing enough of your credit history to access DocuSign in your name.

Confirm the details with the loan companies. If they have you on the contract they can absolutely provide a copy of the contract. You should contact a lawyer and they will want those at a minimum. 

As others have posted, freeze your credit with all 3 bureaus. Your might want to contact each bureau and allege identity theft too, to start disputing those credit relationships on your credit report, but a divorce lawyer probably is more familiar with the best way to go about cleaning it up so I would talk to one of them before disputing anything. 

In addition to freezing credit, you may want to consider making sure you have assets that are safely put in an account that is solely yours. I CANNOT speak to the legal implications here, talk to a lawyer. But, as someone in a bank, I have seen angry spouses clear out joint accounts and close them without their Significant Other's knowledge. So definitely have that conversation with someone who knows more about how these proceedings best go.

Edit to add this:
As a final comment. Check on those loan contracts FIRST, before filing police reports or alleging identity theft. The credit report freeze won't do any harm, but the other steps here could be very harmful to your relationship with your wife if this is a miscommunication. Her taking loans and saying they are paychecks is one thing, but not illegal. [deleted] [removed] You need to pull your credit report. There are probably more. NAL, but that money is going to have to be paid back somehow. If you two don’t make a reasonable amount of money she royally fucked you. 

I would tell your wife you know and ask her why she did it. There had to be some reason, and there’s probably a reason she took it out in your name instead of hers. Then after finding out the reasoning see about getting it paid off. A quick sensitive question: you keep talking about the difficulty of doing things because she is present. Are you afraid of her, or are you just trying to strategize?

If you feel like you’re in danger, help is available.  [deleted] Then file a police report, report it to the bank and hire an attorney.  [deleted] [deleted] Freeze your credit. Like right now.  [deleted] If you plan to divorce, you'll need to deal with this as part of that. Until then, you could potentially report the fraud to the police and the various lenders, but I would expect that to go nowhere, especially when it appears you personally benefited from the loan as well. They're going to assume, even if unfairly, that you gave your consent.

During the divorce you can seek to have this dealt with there, but how far you can go with that depends on how badly you were hurt. Specifically, it sounds like you did benefit from the money somewhat, even if you didn't know, so you can't necessarily just demand that she take responsibility for the whole amount. If you still have things purchased from the loan, I would try to sell or return them and recoup some of that money. Your credit report shouldn't take that long to update, and should show recent inquiries that you could look into. I would freeze it immediately just to be safe, then continue monitoring it. If there are any other loans in process, hopefully this will prevent them from being finalized and paid out. Most of the credit reporting agencies (Transunion, Experian, and the third one I don't remember the name of) should have the ability to allow you to check your own credit report. Talk to a divorce attorney.

As long as you remain married, there’s very little stopping her from paying fines, court fees, and these loans out of marital funds, making them nearly as much your problem as if they were yours. She committed fraud to obtain the loans, and to protect yourself you may need to separate.

Your lawyer can also help you work with the creditors and the police to see that she, and not you, pays for them.  [deleted] Did your wife sign your name to the loan?

Unless you’re interested in having your wife arrested for fraud, this is a relationship issue, not a legal issue.  File a police report, contact a divorce attorney. Make sure you're 100% positive that she fraudulently used your SSN to open up new lines of credit/loans.