I currently live in an apartment in Tacoma WA. I need to cut the lease early because I’m buying a home. The apartment complex wants me to pay the remainder of the lease (6 months worth) at once and they would reimburse me if someone moves in within that time frame. The lease does not talk about this anywhere in the document. I want to pay monthly up until some else moves in. Legally, I am responsible until someone moves in, so I would like to continue my monthly payments but my question is, am I legally obligated to pay the full remainder, especially since it does not state this anywhere in the lease? Los Angeles is a cruel mistress and has colored my experience. All of my leases have the pay remainder up front, get rebate if it gets rented. That they're going to take you to court if you don't pay up. I feel like what you’re not understanding is that by having you pay in one bulk sum they are protecting themselves for the full term of your lease IF someone doesn’t move in in that time frame. It’s not their fault you have broken the contract, so they want to ensure that you have paid off the lease in full. If you say you’re going to pay them in installments, they can’t be guaranteed to get that money if no one moves in. I’m sure that yes, you’d pay them, but it’s still a risk to them. I understand what you’re saying about them getting the same amount technically because they’re reimbursing you if someone moves in early, but they are protecting their butts by asking for the full amount up front.  (1) If the tenant defaults in the payment of rent and reasonably indicates by words or actions the intention not to resume tenancy, the tenant shall be liable for the following for such abandonment: PROVIDED, That upon learning of such abandonment of the premises the landlord shall make a reasonable effort to mitigate the damag

b) When the tenancy is for a term greater than month-to-month, the tenant shall be liable for the lesser of the following:
(i) The entire rent due for the remainder of the term; or
(ii) All rent accrued during the period reasonably necessary to rerent the premises at a fair rental, plus the difference between such fair rental and the rent agreed to in the prior agreement, plus actual costs incurred by the landlord in rerenting the premises together with statutory court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.

Washington state law. How do you interpret ii? (b) When the tenancy is for a term greater than month-to-month, the tenant shall be liable for the lesser of the following:
(i) The entire rent due for the remainder of the term; or
(ii) All rent accrued during the period reasonably necessary to rerent the premises at a fair rental, plus the difference between such fair rental and the rent agreed to in the prior agreement, plus actual costs incurred by the landlord in rerenting the premises together with statutory court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.

How do you interpret II? Not necessarily. Leases generally have lease break fees written into them, but it’s not necessarily paying off the remainder of the lease. &gt; the LL has to seek new tenants, not hope one just turns up.

Tell me more about that. Are you telling me that LL must use greater effort to fill the vacated premises than to fill other available units? No, the LL has to seek new tenants, not hope one just turns up. Renting property is what LL's do. That's what's meant by mitigating damages. &gt; LL has a duty of mitigate his damages by looking for a new tenant. LL can't just collect rent while the apartment sits empty

Maybe what you meant to say is that the landlord can't just collect rent without making the apartment available to prospective tenants.  I’m still following the law. Heck you can get payment plans for fines/tickets. I am in no way trying to break the law. I am trying to pay them my responsibility.  I'm fine with working with people in life events. In fact, it would be fair to say that's a large part of what my career requires. But that's a two-way street. The people I work with generally solve their problems much faster (and more cheaply) when they accept the requirements of the law. I’m confused by the last part because some apartments do collect rent after the tenant moves out. Is that illegal? I’m confused by the last part because some apartments do collect rent after the tenant moves out. Is that illegal? LL is in the business of finding tenants and renting them apartments. If tenant breaks lease, it's standard to pay LL a month's rent to cover time needed to find a new tenant. 

LL has a duty of mitigate his damages by looking for a new tenant. LL can't just collect rent while the apartment sits empty.

 No need to be so harsh. Each of your responses comes off as very callous. Does not hurt to work with people in life events.  Huh. You mean compromise? I wonder why I didn't think of that... Does not hurt to try and negotiate.  Take the deal they offered you. What do you suggest I do? No they do not have to accept credit card payments. Nobody rational wants to have to go to court to get their money. 

Have you ever heard the saying "you'll catch more flies with honey than with vinegar"? I understand what you are saying, but they can just screw my credit and take me to small claims court if I didn’t come through with the payments. I can offer 3 months and put the rest on credit card if that works for them. A lot of places do the monthly payment like I am asking for and some just require you pay 2 - 3 months to cut the lease.  Things happen in life. Not much of a favor if I am paying them monthly and no profit is lost for them.  Sure it’s a risk, but if your a landlord do you want to be known as difficult  and have that effect your reputation? Considering other places are much more accommodating?  &gt; I don’t think I’m asking for much from them.

They're not in business to do favors for tenants. They're in it for the profit. That's it. That's literally why a business exists. They already have your obligation to pay monthly, *and* you'll be a bigger credit risk if you move out.

If you want to negotiate successfully, you need to think about the situation from the other person's perspective instead of just your own. What's in your proposal for them? Nothing that I can see. So why should they do it? They aren’t double dipping. I interpreted your understanding of the situation incorrectly.I was trying to explain that either way, they will get the same amount correct? Whether it’s pay all at once and reimburse me when someone moves in or I pay monthly until someone moves in. The monthly is less of a burden and I don’t think it is unreasonable considering they get the same amount regardless. On top of that, if I stayed they would still get the same amount regardless. I don’t think I’m asking for much from them. They wouldn't be double-dipping in the scenario they offered you. It doesn't matter how many times you use the term; it simply doesn't apply.

You made a contract and now you want out of it. But you don't have a right to that, so you might have to compromise. It's just as simple as that. If you can't get your head around that, then this sub might have done all it can for you.

Good luck. They want the full amount all at once and will reimburse me if say someone moves in, in February. If say I paid them monthly until someone moved like in February, they would get the same amount. Obviously paying all at once is a burden and paying monthly not so much. Again, they can’t double dip legally. If I gave them 6 months worth of rent they find someone next week and move in, they can’t hold onto that money. My point they would get the same amount but the monthly payment is less of a burden. 

If no one moves until July, I’m find paying rent monthly until July. &gt; I don’t understand how it’s having it both ways when I want to pay monthly after leaving up until they get a new renter

&gt; I don’t think you understand the situation.

I'm not the one who doesn't understand this situation. *You* are. You want the benefit of the lease (installment payments) without the burden of it (paying through July). That's having it both ways. Legally they can’t double dip. I don’t understand how it’s having it both ways when I want to pay monthly after leaving up until they get a new renter which again they can’t charge rent once someone new occupys. I don’t think you understand the situation. Well, you can't have it both ways. You're either in the lease or you're not. If you want to be released, then you have to compromise and bear some risk. That's how business works. Think about it from the landlord's point of view - they're *already* entitled to what you're offering. What's in it for them to let you out of the lease but allow you to make installment payments?  Because I don’t want to pay until July. I want to vacate and pay until a new renter moves in which could be a month from now or three months from now.  &gt; I would like to continue my monthly payments

Then why did (do) you think you need to "break" your lease? There is no clause which means apparently they can ask for the entire amount. However, I will meet with them and see if I can do a payment plan. It’s probably bad business practice for them to be hardasses about it. Either way I want to pay them. You would need to check the contract you signed for the lease. I bet it says if you break the lease, payment in full is required. That doesn’t mean you can try and work with the landlord to setup something that would be easier to do.  If I offer to pay with credit card, would they have to accept that form of payment? Generally when you break a lease the remainder of the lease is due at once, so you might be boned. 