LOCATION: NORTHWEST GEORGIA

Long story short, my roommate broke into a shed, stole gardening equipment, then broke into a house, stole a safe, a bulletproof vest, and 2 guns. He later sold them at a pawnshop. I know, he’s an idiot. He’s currently being held at our county jail under 2  felony charges of burglary (residential and non-residential) and a felony charge of possession of tools for the commission of a crime. We are both 19 years old and his parents, much less I, can’t afford to bail him out or even get a lawyer. While going through all of these emotions, the question pops into my head... how the fuck am I going to pay rent? Do I have any legal options beside getting a new roommate for two months?Are there any kind of special laws for this kind of case?  Oh shit, that’s a mess. As others have said you’re on the hook. Speak to your landlord quickly and get in front of it. Maybe a super deep clean the house and ask him to come over for an inspection to see how well you’ve been looking after it and see if you can use security deposit if others have suggested. I doubt it unless they are sound, and sound landlords are rarer than unicorns. Airbnb it if you are in a popular area and it won’t get you in trouble with the lease? Good luck chap. If you can't afford the full rent on your own, then you need to find someone to take the old roommate's spot pretty quickly. I'm sorry; there's not much else you can do here. If you paid a security deposit the landlord might be willing to use that for rent (if it's a full month's worth), but that's a big risk for them to take. I would just ask if there's anything they could do to help. IANAL, but I would think your best bet would be to talk to your landlord, explain the situation and see if you can’t come to some kind of agreement. Otherwise, a last-second sublet might be your only option. Other than that, I suggest you pay all that you can. Your lease is almost up, so hopefully you can work something out. Good luck My only option is to pay his and my half? I can’t afford to do that. If you are on the lease together, your solution is to pay the full amount of the rent and seek to recover your roommate's share from him at such point as he may be able to pay it.

&gt;Are there any kind of special laws for this kind of case?

If you are in a lease together with joint and several liability, you have already agreed to pay the full amount of the rent, circumstances not withstanding.  There are no provisions of law that would relieve you of that responsibility you took on merely because your roommate is unable to pay his share.