Hey all,


I work at a company that is soon closing down for renovations. They have asked all of us to sign "working notice" forms under the pretense that we would be getting severance pay once we close.  However, it has come to light that we actually might not be getting any severance, despite the fact that they verbally told most, if not all of us that we would. If we signed the forms are we just SOL? Is there anything we can do if they decide to not pay us out? Located in vancouver, bc. Let me know if any more information is needed. Thank you for your replies. 

What if I was specifically told that I would be getting 4 weeks severance pay? Also, when you say that they could just hand out a loonie, how does that work? There are laws that mandate the amount of severance pay required based on eligibility and time worked. I'm just trying to learn how to go through this. I will definitely be contacting the ministry of labour as well as employment laywers. Thanks again. Although verbal contracts are technically enforceable, there's not enough information or detail to prove what the terms were. Unless a specific figure was mentioned, your employer could literally just hand you a loonie and say that he's paid you severance.

You could try contacting the Ministry of Labour and asking them about your concerns. But from my perspective it seems your only recourse is to work out your notice and then apply for EI.

To be clear, IANAL but I do work HR in Canada and have many years experience in BC. Would it not count as a verbal contract if they told multiple partners that they would indeed be getting severance ? Do you think there's anything that as a group we could do? Unfortunately absent a specific provision in your employment contract entitling you to paid severance, there is nothing compelling your employer to provide financial compensation.

If the employer had made written assurances along with the working notice, then maybe. But from what you've posted above, I can't see how they would be forced to comply. Their financial situation may have changed in the 3 months and they can no longer provide any "additional" severance to staff apart from the mandated working notice.

I understand your frustration, but I don't think there's anything you can do. Hey thanks for your reply. I understand the law. What I am asking is, is there anything we can do to get the severance, since they verbally told us that we are getting severance. A company can offer both written notice and compensation, which is what they told us would be happening. But now(3 months after we signed) they might be only giving us the notice. As you can imagine, this has left a bad taste in some employees' mouths.  Generally speaking, you are not entitled to severance pay if you've been given formal written notice of termination. If the company is terminating more than 50 employees within a two month period, there  may be additional notice period requirements, however if the appropriate notice is provided, then severance pay does not need to be paid out.

Also, regardless of whether you signed the notice or not, it is still valid written notification of your termination. The signature just makes it easier for the company to prove it was acknowledged. [deleted]