so yellowpages claims I agreed to a verbal contract while on the phone a few years ago, typical telemarketer stuff. they have been sending me invoices ever since the date I was supposed to pay.

thing is, I'm not sure they can force me to pay. they threatened to call collections in order to get my money, which they DID, but collections never actually forced me to pay anything, they just gave me a call and said they needed more info from yellowpages.ca, and collections never called me again.

second thing is I got an email from collections canada detailing how they would give me the option to pay a percentage of the money I "owe" until a certain date. after that date they would just take the full amount from me.

but that didn't happen either. I ignored the email and when the date came, nothing happened. 

I'm starting to think yellowpages is full of hot air. IF they could actually make me pay I assume they already would have The amount they say you owe could jump from $100 to $1,000,000 the next day. That doesn't mean they will win anything. If you don't owe them anything you don't owe them anything and you seem pretty sure you don't.  the reason why i dont really want to ignor is because every month the hike up the amount i owe by 15 dollers. 

if that amount ever gets high enough, they may decide it's worth it to sue me The BBB is like Yelp for old people. You can't really stop people from sending you mail unless they are threateneing or the contents are illegal. You could have a lawyer fire off a cease and desist order but just make sure you tell anybody who handles the bills to never pay this company. is there any way I can get them to stop sending invoices. maybe the better business bureau? The mechanism to force you to pay would be a lawsuit and then a judgement and then there are various options available to them. So yes they can "force" you to pay if they sue you and win.  Is that likely? Probably not. This scam relies on people either paying the invoice by accident thinking it's legit or being too scared of a lawsuit that they pay just to avoid one that wouldn't happen anyway. Most of the times ive heard this its been a scam and they never do anything but keep threatening