Well about a 2 weeks back, my girlfriend and I were together in a study room in the library. We where just doing normal couple stuff like cuddling while watching YouTube, but super conveniently, as I pulled her closer and kissed her a cop came in and saw us. He pulled us out of the study room and questioned us. He asked for my age 16 and my girlfriends 18 (don't worry we've been together before she was 18) he soon started was accusing us of having sex (PDA Ik but it's not sex) he said he'll call the school and now the school is questioning my friends asking if they know anything more we did. Idk what to do I also don't know if this is even the right board but I need help. Regardless even though the OP said hes in texas loopy made it seem like the 16 and 18 thing is against the law everywhere. Very vague. The age of consent in NJ is 16.  Either way, it has nothing to do with the OP's situation.  All Cops Are Bastards. Don't talk to the police at all. If arrested, clam up until you get an attorney.  [removed] Acab? The state is specified in the OP. [deleted] &gt;Texas laws dont make it illegal everywhere.

Cool. He's in Texas, so Texas law makes it illegal. I don't understand the point of your response.  [deleted] [deleted] And yea I'm underage so we cannot have sexual contact but kissing isn't considered sexual contact  Yea Ik my point is that we weren't having sex I understand the library with school and pda I was asking if there was anything I could do bc the cop and school think I was having sex [removed] My point was that the cop thinks you were having sex, and if you were, it's illegal because you're 16, not just because you were in a library.  In Texas it's fine to kiss as long as the kiss wasn't to persuade a sexual act &gt;He asked for my age 16 and my girlfriends 18 (don't worry we've been together before she was 18)

Just so you know, the fact that you were dating before she turned 18 doesn't make it not illegal.  Unless the cop has video of you engaging in sex in the library, nothing can really happen short of you being punished for PDA in the library.  Consider there is a very good chance he/she is bluffing and just wants to iterate that public affection isn't appropriate in a library,  Oh yea Ik I'm probably will get school Disciplined for pda reasons and I expect that but I'm more worried that they'll get the cop involved again thanks for the advice on a attorney  You do nothing.  You say nothing about this to anyone.  You go on about your daily life as if this did not occur until something else happens.

The school is allowed to investigate.  There is nothing to be done on your part outside of shutting up until something further happens. If you're contacted by the police again or charged with a crime you should likely retain an attorney.  

If this is just a school disciplinary matter you should likely work within the schools code of conduct.  Though under many codes of conduct you could be disciplined for kissing (or having sex) in a study room.  