Sorry for typos in advance, i’m making this on my phone.
Some Backstory, i’ll attempt to keep it short. Basically my mom and I moved out of our family home to get away from my Dad.  We did this when he was away, and found another place to live. Unfortunately, it is still close because of her work and my school. She has been married to him for decades, so it has taken its toll on her and she basically needed some serious help afterwards. I definitely thing my situation is much better with her compared to my dad, but that doesn’t mean i’m not extremely ready to go to college very far away, for a fresh start per say.  I’m not going to go into more extreme detail in an effort to make this less long.

Now, I recently found out that, per court order, I have to spend time at my dad’s on Christmas Eve, even after all of this happened. I have been basically no contact with him for months now, but am forced to go to court mandated therapy “in an effort to build our relationship.” Thankfully, I haven’t had to have a joint session with him yet, but it is still not great because I know the ultimate goal of this, and know that the therapist also sees him. Anyways, I found this out at the therapy session and i don’t know what to do.  He doesn’t have custody of me (i’m 17, turning 18 after christmas in February), and I have made it very clear that I want nothing to do with him. It feels like nobody even gives a damn about what I am trying to say in this situation though, so I think I am going to have to “grin and bear it.” Keep in mind the fact that when I passed him on the road, i literally had to pull over because I started hyperventilating and freaking out, so i don’t even want to begin to know how bad I’ll be at his house.

All of this is just confusing and I am seriously done with it.  After being out of the situation for a few months, it feels like it is almost not as bad as I know it was - if that makes any sense. It’s like, I have proof and memories of how bad it was, but it for some reason just feels like i am exaggerating it to myself, even though I know I’m not. Is that really weird? I have no clue. Kind of off track, sorry.

Anyways, my main reason for posting this is I just want to know if there is any way to make this “visit” less horrible than I am expecting?

I was told to post this here asking for some advice on possibly getting out of this situation, or to see if it was actually what you guys think is legitimate, and just general opinions on how the system is handling this. Thank you so much for reading. I’ll add it to an email to the attorney, or even send it to my own possible attorney if i can get one. Thank you! Thank you for your advice, I think i’m starting to agree with you more after hearing more opinions on my parents’ attorneys. I guess my main reason for not just blatantly refusing to go would be because I in no way want to have my mom suffer for my mistakes, since she went through enough. I get what you’re saying tho, and with the “publicity” of me saying it’s ONLY my decision, then it may work.  

It is definitely strange, being out of the situation though. I was mainly worried that I was “lying to myself” in a way, even though I have literal proof you know? I’m glad someone can relate though, it shows that I’m not going completely crazy, thank you so much, i appreciate your thoughts. Based on the other responses here, you might want to get an attorney of your own.

It sounds like neither your mother's attorney or your father's attorney have your interests in mind, and you need someone to present your side in court. At your age it would be highly unlikely for a judge to side with your father in this matter. By the time he gets a court date you will legally be an adult. So just say no. Oof. I'm really sorry you're going through this. IANAL and I'm Canadian but when I had "mandated quality time" I'd just refuse. 8 year old me hid in a tree in a park and they took my mum in a few times to say she needed to ensure I stopped running and refusing to get out of cars, and attempting to exit moving vehicles because I needed to spend time with him. They can probably take her into court and say she needs to make sure you go, but if they can't make literal 8 year olds do things, I'm quite certain a 17 year olds opinions on the matter will be taken into account, especially considering the amount of time you actively do not spend with him. Keep in mind the person they are able to punish for not upholding things like this will be your mother and not you, so make it very clear it is *your* intention to not do these things and that your mother isn't influencing you. I wish you luck in your journeys with not-so-great family members and I hope this turns out okay for you and not a dumpster fire 


EDIT: unrelated to the legality of it all, but your question about whether it's normal to downplay your abuse after the fact. Definitely is. I thought repeatedly over the years "maybe my dad changed" but I have not had physical contact in 10 years. He will send me an email sometimes about how he keeps drawings I did when I was 6 in his wallet still. I can see him trying to guilt me into it because I mean.... If he 'loved' me enough to keep a drawing on his person for 15 years then where was that affection when he threatened to break both my legs for not cleaning my room at 7? I will not subject myself to someone like that no matter how much the people around me say he changed or didn't mean it. And in the future I will not be subjecting any potential children to him because I *know* the fear of being 4 and a 300lb 6ft+ man screaming at me. Again, I'm really sorry you are dealing with this and that the courts appear to be allowing and even encouraging contact between you. Sending love your way, be strong.  You're going to want to talk to your mom first. She may not want to pay for the phone call. And she may not be on board with modifying the holiday schedule.  At 17 you're basically an adult, unless she's encouraging or helping you your mother can't legitimately be expected to control what you do every minute of the day.   Kids much younger than 17 'run away from home' all the time. Okay, thank you for clearing that up a bit. I’ll make sure to get in direct contact with her attorney. I am curious, if they were to file a police report by chance a bit earlier than 48 hours (i live in a super small town so it wouldn’t be unreasonable to believe this) would that then fall on my mom? I agree with the “publicly announcing” angle, that would be a good idea i think. I absolutely don’t want to get my mom in trouble at all, even if there is a slim chance, so I like this idea. Thank you! For practical purposes, ask your mom's attorney what the potential repercussions would be if you do not attend this visitation, or any further visitation scheduled before you turn 18.  Then make a decision what you want to do with those facts in mind. Legally you're not bound by their court agreement, so like others have said it's your mother who is responsible. Realistically, nothing will happen to her. You'll most likely be 18 or a couple of weeks off it by the time a judge sees this especially with the holidays and no sane judge will hold your mother responsible for you refusing to go.

If you want you could take some steps to offer her extra protection, like very publicly announcing that it is your decision not to attend, complain in therapy that your mother is telling you to go so that your therapist can be called as a witness, texting your father that your mother insists you go but you will not. Then on the day just leave the house for a while and hole up with a friend.

So ya he can make a stink over this but at the end of the day it won't amount to much.

Edit: stink is not spelled with a C Your mother could potentially get in some trouble if she encourages you not to go, but being 17 there's really nothing they can do to prevent you from sneaking out and 'running away' for the evening.  Go hang out with some friends or something for the evening.  Worst they could potentially do is report you as a missing person to the police, but even they likely wouldn't do anything about it until you'd been gone for at least 48 hours. I don't want to recommend you violate a court order, but you should be aware that once you turn 18 all of this goes away. So at the most it's a couple months of dealing with this.  No, your moms attorney represents your mom. In some cases, an attorney is appointed to only represent the child. It doesn't happen in every case. 

Your mom can talk to her attorney about it. If you refuse to go, your mom could face negative repercussions  Postponing would depends on what the exact court order says. 

And consequences would be determined by a judge in court. But they don't like court orders not being followed This was appointed by the courts according to the therapist. I asked about the details and she said that she had nothing to do with it, so is that a “good” thing? I guess my moms attorney represents us both? i’m not fully sure on that one. what consequences could she face? sorry, i’m not educated about divorce court/the legalities with minors. I was told I could also postpone it? how would that work in theory, because I would have to keep postponing for 2 months almost. Thank you! If the court order says you have to go, you have to go if your dad wants exercise his time. Your mom could file a motion to ask that it not.happen, but if this therapeutic visitation recommended by your counselor, it will be a tough battle for your mom. Do you have an attorney who has been appointed to represent you? That happens in some divorces or custody battles.  You can refuse to go. Your mother would be in violation of the court order and could fact consequences