We don't have the money to fix the house. The house is a rental and I'm afraid we're going to to get evicted.

I've tried calling the cops but every time they put him in a mental facility but he always comes back and the same thing happens. 

I need someone to point me in the right direction because I'm afraid and have no idea what to do  It is really easy to fake taking pills. 

I would reach out to his SW if you can. They probably have some community resources they can refer you to. It would also help if you can find yourself someone to talk to so you can learn how to respond to your dad.  Your best bet is to talk to your landlord about this and see if something can be arranged.

Hope for the best, but be prepared for the worst. Yeah he always talks about the meds giving him side effects. But I'm pretty sure he takes them and he does have a social worker to talk to but I've never seen him talk to that person or seen them  You say he takes medications. Does that mean he is prescribed them and you are certain that he is taking them, or that he is just prescribed them and he may or may not be taking them? 

It is very common for schizophrenics to stop taking their meds due to unpleasant side effects. This is why they go in the hospital, get better, and then start to back slide once out of the hospital. 

If he isn't actually taking them, this is something his medical providers need to know. Does he have a social worker and/or therapist? Often people with chronic mental illnesses have some sort of case manager -- usually a social worker but not always. This would be the person to help you. You can share your concerns with this person -- they won't likely tell you anything about you're father's condition without his permission, but they should listen to what you have to say. 

&amp;#x200B; You're right to speak with CPS.  Keep in contact with them.  Also reach out to the guidance counselors at your school.  
Whether or not to talk to the landlord is your parents' decision, not yours. How do I get help? Every time he goes to a mental facility they say he is normal and gets sent home only to do the same things again  The only other adult is my mom and she's very reluctant to take action. Im only 16 and yeah some of those outburst are directed at me. I also have a brother who's 10. CPS has recently visited to check things out but they didn't do much besides talk to us to see what the situation is. This happened a few days ago. I'm not sure what they're going to do next. 

Also should I be telling the landlord about the damages? My mom doesn't want to tell the landlord because she's afraid we'll get evicted  Does your mom (or any other adult) live with you?

You should talk to his doctors (therapist, psychologist, psychiatrist, whatever) and let them know he's not doing well on these meds / doses. They might not realize the extent. I'd also suggest that you (preferably any other adult, but alas) talk to the landlord. Explain his situation and that you're trying to make it better and will do what you can to do fixes or contribute money to fix it.

He might be best off, at least short term, in a care facility  meant for longer stays. He needs help, and the best thing you can do for this situation and for him is to get him as much of it as you can. Unfortunately, you likely can be evicted for this.  And your father would owe the costs for repairing the damages.  This stinks, because your father clearly needs better mental health care to manage his condition.  But this is not the landlord's responsibility, and they have the right to protect their property.

You mention in the comments that you're not an adult.  How old are you?  Are there other trusted adults in your family you can work with to help manage his condition?  Given his violent outbursts, I feel like I also need to ask if those are ever directed at you?  If so, you should really call the local CPS and discuss the matter with them.

If there are no other trusted adults in your family, it might also be worth speaking with the guidance counselors at your school.  Although they themselves will have limited ability to do anything for you, they do tend to be fairly knowledgeable about the resources in their community, and would be able to help you navigate them, and get you in touch with the right people. Yes  No I'm not an adult. I think it's not a lease or a fixed term lease  Are you an adult? Are you on the lease? Is it a fixed term lease? Does he take medication?