TLDR at bottom.

I received a note on my car from my school stating that, 
“at the request of ______ High School — effective immediately students may NO LONGER park on the ____ _____ church lot.

If you have questions please contact assistant principle ____ ____”

I only park there because I am temporarily driving an alternative car that does not have a school parking pass and do not want to repurchase a new pass.

What are my rights? I am not doing anything wrong, and I wish to continue parking there.  Im not parking longer than the school day, Im not there on Sundays when the church is active, and I don’t make noise or damage the lot.

I just want to play it safe before I call the schools bluff and get towed.

I have never been contacted by the Church directly, just a thing to add. 

TLDR: School wants me to stop parking in Church lot while I am driving a temporary car, am I legally protected to keep parking there

 A government building isn't a public parking spot either.  It is parking to utilize the building and services contained therein.  For example, if you tried storing a car there, it'll get towed. Public lots are public. A church is a private business. They own the lot and can set rules about who parks there. Probably because they want students to come bitch to the school about it, not go over and bother the poor, uninvolved souls at the church. They are. And virtually the only reason they would care is on the church’s behalf/at their request.  Thank you for your reply, could I ask what designated something as a public parking lot? Or is nothing truly a public parking lot unless its for a government building? Thank you so much for your reply.

But if the note says “at the request of ___ high school” isn’t the school technically requesting that I no longer park there? Im just curious at this point.  While they likely won't tow you (There are state specific laws on signage required for a tow and you didn't mention any signage), you certainly could and should get suspended from school for continuing to park there.



 The school isn’t prohibiting you. The church is. But notifying your school. Who has notified you. 

Get permission or find someplace else to park.  The church parking lot is private property, and your permission to park there has been revoked.  This means you have zero right to park there, and if you continue to park there after permission has been revoked, you may get out of school one day to find your car has been booted, or, worse, altogether gone because it was towed away.

&gt;I just want to play it safe before I call the schools bluff and get towed.

The school (and the church) are likely not bluffing.  They don't want you parking there anymore, and they're well within their rights to revoke permission for you to park there, so don't.

If you want to verify this for yourself, go over to the church and ask whoever has the authority to grant permission to park there. You have no right to park in the lot owned by the church.  &gt; I am not doing anything wrong, and I wish to continue parking there.

What you wish is irrelevant.  The church doesn't want students parking there anymore.  You don't have a right to park on private property without permission.  And since any permissions appear to now be revoked, you would likely have recourse but to pay any fees if you continue to park there. &gt; What are the rules regarding parking lots in Texas? 

He who owns the lot makes the rules.

&gt;  I am not doing anything wrong

You're trespassing, a crime.

&gt; I wish to continue parking there.

Get their permission. 

&gt; Im not there on Sundays when the church is active

Liability for the church does not only kick in on the Sabbath. The church probably complained to the school. I would nicely ask the church for a pass.