Tomorrow at 8am my girlfriend has jury duty but we now live in a different county and won’t be able to show up, what should we do?
We’ve been trying to get in contact with the court for the past couple hours but they’re closed and as far as we’ve found there’s no way to tell the courts this through the automated stuff.
We’re in Florida btw  She only found out about jury duty this weekend?  I find that rather difficult to believe.  When she received the summons she should have contacted the court in the other county to get a waiver.  Sadly, it seems she waited entirely too long.

She'll need to be there tomorrow or face the possibility of an arrest warrant for contempt of court. She needs to change her address, such as through her voter registration, state ID, or driver's license. If she doesn't have any of these, you're probably going to need to bring some new proof of address to the courthouse, and explain the situation. This is a good reason for her to at least have a state ID card: so the state can keep an accurate address on file.

In my experience, they'll update the info, tell you to go home, and they in about a week she'll get a summons from her updated county. She needs to call the court at whatever time they open in the morning, and cry hardship. Good luck. Yes, but they’ll be justifiably upset that she didn’t give them more notice. Work has to let her go After you appear, make sure to check with the court clerk about jury pay.  75 miles isn't too bad.  Her work might pay her for jury duty. 75 but she has work and my ass has to drive her. How many miles away does she now live from the courthouse? Well that sucks, thanks so much though! If she received a summons to appear then she must appear.  If there is any procedure for transferring jury duty service by phone to a different county, the time to do that has likely passed.  I can tell you that where I practice law, you cannot transfer your jury duty service to a different county by telephone.  You must appear and explain to the judge that  you now live in a different county, and he can then dismiss you from service.  Bottom line, she will have to show up tomorrow morning.