Hi Reddit, long time lurker here.

I don't know if this is the right place to post this, but if there is somewhere better that this can be posted, please let me know.

I just got a call from an unknown number from my zip code. Normally I don't answer these calls as they are usually robocalls. However, I have been applying to jobs lately and did not want to miss out on an important call. When I answered, there was a long pause of silence in which I wanted to hang up, but eventually somebody answered. The man said that he was from a company called "School Search" (I think... He kind of mumbled the name) for those interested in seeking out higher education programs. He went right into asking me questions about what year I graduated college and what degree I currently had. The fact that he did not tell me his name put me off guard first. However, I stupidly answered the question about my high school graduation year. When he asked about the highest degree I had, I got scared and I asked him where he got my information. I was wondering if maybe he found me from some of the job-recruiting sites I have signed up for. I even asked for any sort of proof that the call was from a legitimate business and not a phone scam. I told him apologetically and kindly that I was just scared of disclosing information to anybody that calls me.

His reaction was not what I expected from any legitimate agency. He began to immediately get defensive, stating that he got my information from some sites that I signed up for and that he felt that I was insinuating that he was doing something illegal. I told him that the questions he was asking are typical types of security questions that financial accounts require. Upon stating this, he became flabbergasted, and wasn't speaking coherently. He said that he was not happy with me insinuating his wrongdoing and said that he will be putting me on the "do not call" list. He then promptly hung up while I was asking him more about his business name and any form of license or practice number.

I called him back a few minutes later and he answered kind of strangely, as though he forgot about my conversation. He answered with "Hello, I am calling from (incoherent business name) and I noticed that you were interested in getting more information about higher education and careers. Is this (my name)?" It was weird that he answered as though he was the one that called me. I replied "I just had a few questions and was wondering if I may be redirected to customer service or any executive?" He then immediately hung up on me.

There are many red flags to this call and I am just wondering if anybody has heard of this type of possible phone scam? Or did I just screw myself from any possible career agency? And what can I do about reporting the number if it is a scam? I searched the number and there apparently have been no hits on it. The fact that the same guy answered the call when I redialed the number lets me know that the number was not spoofed. Any advice on what I can do to report this case? And anything I can do to ensure that the one question I answered him doesn't somehow screw me over? I highly apologize if this is not the correct place to ask about this situation. Don't hold it against yourself. It's how we learn 😉 Haha. In retrospect, I can now see how bad the dude's reaction was to a simple question about his legitimacy. Sad thing is that if he didn't act so defensive, he may have successfully tricked me into giving actual information... which scares me a little.

Now I wish I could do something about it to report him since I have his landline number and not a spoofed number. Additionally, don't be afraid to ask who someone is when they're asking for you by name or for info about you. When I get a call and the first thing they say is "Can I speak to...." Or "Hi is this...?" without first introducing themselves, then the very first words out of my mouth are "who is this?". This actually happened to me last night, and it turned out the lady calling was from a government background check agency doing reference check on one of my good friends that's going through the hiring process at a government lab. She politely responded when I asked. Any legitimate caller will. You're good. Hmm, it's possible it wasn't a spoofed number in this case. You didn't really yell at him though. You asked for credentials and he freaked out. Someone calling you for a job isn't generally going to some undertrained newbie. It will be a manager, an HR professional, etc. I get your position, but I really wouldn't sweat it. I don't know how much experience you have with talking to job recruiters, but that's not how they talk to someone they want to interview. My resume is still up on some job sites and I get calls from people about jobs every couple of weeks. Nobody has ever acted in a manner such as you described. It was a scam call for sure.    When I called the number back, the same man answered. Can this still be a spoofed number? When I looked up the number, it stated that the number belonged to a landline in a nearby city. This is why I'm scared that maybe I yelled at some dude that just wasn't trained well or something. My desperation for a job might be causing me to not think so clearly. Definitely a scam call. I've gotten one before. The only reason it came from your area code is because of phone # spoofing, a process where scammers make calls using a computer to project a false number, usually one local to the number being called, on the receiver's caller ID. I still get calls from random numbers from my home area code because of this, even though I moved 900 miles away from there 3 years ago. I never answer them and Google filters them as spam calls.

Anyway, you're in a position where you need to answer random numbers because of a job search. If anyone legitimate is calling they will clearly identify themselves and their organization, and why they're calling. The "institute of higher learning" or whatever is total bull, don't even sweat it. 