I am a graduate student F, 24, who signed a year-long lease with a company owned student apartment. The unit was 4 bedroom and our roommates were selected via a personality match. Each tenant also undergoes a background check. When I first moved into this apartment I was the only tenant, with my pet dog. We lived there for 1 and a half months alone. Upon my first day of move in I was going back and forth across town moving and maintenance were also doing work. Upon my final return, I noticed one of my boxes were missing, in the box were several pairs of designer shoes. I called the office, who said that I probably just lost them and they would not replace them. A few weeks later I return home to find that my nightstand has had everything knocked off of it and my portable hard drive was missing (A 250$ product). I call the office and explain to them that i live alone and what has happened and their only response was "Don't you have insurance?", not negating that their maintenance (who are quite unsavory) might have done this. After the first month and a half, I am assigned a roommate, things are fine at first- roommate, that I did not select and was chosen for me, is abusive, will not allow me to use any appliances, hitting my dog, etc. I repeatedly sent management emails letting them and know and their only reply was “pay the 200$ transfer fee and then we will talk”. Finally the roommate assaulted me, and upon filing a police report it was found that she had several charges 2 of which were assault ( everyone has to undergo a “background check” before living here. After threatening legal action they finally moved me, but have charged petty fees, lied to me, and simply made my stay there terrible. Per email yesterday I asked them about subleasing and they basically told me no, (even though its in my lease that I can). Is there any way out of this? Okay Your chance to get out from under them completely was during the situation with the first roommate. When you agreed to move apartments, you accepted that remedy. If you want to leave now, you need new valid grounds. I don’t see how that is in any way relevant.  Yes that is correct. My issue is- they only moved me after the police report and it was found out that she had a record and they had not actually checked her background like they were supposed to. Secondly they’ve continued to charge random fees such as a “processing fee” when I paid in cash/check Okay, the landlord “moved me” to another apartment with more roommates (tbh it’s run like a dorm but it’s more “money “ oriented if that makes sense. However they did specifically ask me not to mention to anyone that they did not conduct the first roommates background check But they’re a previous roommate and you’re not currently subject to DV.  Okay, the previous Roommate assaulted me and it’s in the police report What kind of "issues" are you talking about?  If there is violence or threats of violence then this is domestic violence and you can file for a restraining order, give the order to your landlord, and let the landlord know you're moving out immediately.  You will have to pay rent for another month. There’s a difference between “mean” and “DV”.  If you aren’t in a situation involving DV, you won’t be able to terminate your lease on that basis.  Okay, there have also been issues with the new roommates (the girls have been roommates for 3 years and tried to eat the office to remove me since they wanted the 4 bedroom to themselves. ) if I did do the domestic violence thing- how would I go about doing that? You may have had the ability to end the lease as a victim of domestic violence.

Since you allowed the landlord to relocate you to a new apartment to eliminate the risk of domestic violence it is unlikely that you would be allowed to break the lease now.