About 10 years ago I got an EZ-Pass while living in Rhode Island.  About 6 years ago I moved to Boston, sold my car to a junkyard for scrap (resale value was almost nothing), and threw the pass device away.  


Today I got an invoice for about $50 in charges on that device over the last week of November, at a number of locations across New York and Maryland. I have called and had the device deactivated, but they charged me a "lost device" fee for doing do. I intend to dispute the charges and the fee, as obviously this is a case of theft: someone either stole my device out of the trash or programmed one with my device ID and used it. The second seems more likely, as they would have needed to hang onto the device for 6 years without using it then suddenly decided to install it.  


I assume filing a police report would be helpful in this process, but I'm not really sure how or where to do so. The EZ-Pass office is based in New York, I was in Rhode Island when I acquired the device, currently live in Massachusetts, and the charges were made in both New York and Maryland. I have a statement with times, dates, and locations when the charges took place, but nothing else that I'm aware of. I assume that at those locations they would have tapes of photos of the vehicle with plate numbers which should prove that it was not my vehicle being used? Most EZ-Pass toll gates record the front and rear plate as you pass through in case the EZ-pass device fails or is not present. &gt; as they would have needed to hang onto the device for 6 years without using it then suddenly decided to install it.

Alternatively, someone found your device (still attached to your old car, or sitting in a drawer somewhere at the junkyard), picked it up, and started using it. That would seem to me to be the most probable avenue.

It may be possible that EZ-Pass still keeps records of the plates used for each toll, and may possible have the plate number of the person that used your pass. May be worth asking, at least.