So my friend has recently mentioned that there were cigarette boxes all over in the bathroom. When I asked about it she said her dad used to leave beer bottles and beer cans all over the house as well. I looked into it and found that on childwelfare.gov, it defines child abuse as “Any recent act or failure to act on the part of a parent or caretaker which results in death, serious physical or emotional harm, sexual abuse or exploitation; or an act or failure to act which presents an imminent risk of serious harm.”  I'm not sure if the cigarette boxes, beer bottles, and beer cans would pose an imminent risk of harm.

My friend then mentioned jokingly that her house is where can come to become traumatized for life. This caused me to start to worry. She then said that her dad chased her around the house in a Saw mask, and when she went and locked herself in her room, because she was scared, he called her an ungrateful bitch.

I then found that under Indiana State Law (which is where we live), if a child witnesses domestic violence, or is present in the house when it occurs, it is considered child abuse. I asked her if there has been any domestic violence in her house. She said that her mom and dad used to hit her, which left lasting bruises. She then said that her dad has kicked her mom, which she didn't elaborate on, and that her and her sisters stayed at their grandmother's house that night. When they came back, her dad called her a lazy bitch and a smart ass.

She has anxiety as well, and my friend, her grandmother, and I all believe that this has been caused by her father.

I don't know if this helps at all, but she also says she plans to live with her grandmother soon.

Would this be considered child abuse? Does the abuse have to be current or can you report abuse in the past? Would my friend and her sisters be taken out of the house, or would her father be removed? Of course. Do you have any other concerns or questions? 

Edit; It might be a good idea to develop a safety plan with your friend since you suspect abuse, if you are comfortable with that. Something like if she texts you the word “broccoli” you know to send 911 to her address. She may not be able to call herself or may need to get help discreetly.  [deleted] Hey, OP. It's thoughtful of you to be concerned about your friend. [Here](https://www.in.gov/dcs/2971.htm) is the phone number for the Indiana Child Abuse Hotline. They operate 24/7, and you can make reports anonymously. You can report both past and present abuse. Essentially, you will call and they'll ask you a few questions about the statements your friend has made, get some details about her (how old she is, if there are other children in the house, etc.) They are experts, so they'll be able to adequately assess potential risks and dangers your friend is in. They will make the decision about whether to send someone to investigate. It's unlikely your friend will be removed from the home unless something serious is going on, as the state does not like to do that. If they investigate, they will likely do a home visit, ask her parents some questions, and do an interview with her. Answering questions about whether either parent will be removed from the home is really not possible with the information we and you have. It's unlikely, but again, it depends on what an investigator uncovers and how severe it is. Emotional abuse along (calling her a bitch) is incredibly unlikely to have him removed. But if you are genuinely concerned, handing it over to people who will know exactly what to do is the safest choice for both you and your friend. 