I sold a car a couple weeks ago. I guess the guy I sold it to never registered it and re-listed it almost immediately with a higher price tag and add a few lies like it being 4 wheel drive. Who ever he sold it to saw my name on the title and is trying to contact me on facebook. 

The new buyer claims the car was fraudulently sold to him and wants any info I can give him to help him take legal action against the person I originally sold to. I'm not opposed to helping him, but I don't want to open myself up to any additional liability or obligations. Is there any legal risk for me in contacting the most recent buyer and providing info?  &gt;That's a great reason not to carry your title around.

having it or not, it doesn't stop the car from being stolen.

and apparently, as in this case, people will buy cars without the title/ownership.

I think my system is better. the title is always with the vehicle, the buyer expects to receive the title with the transfer of ownership section signed. the buyer is responsible for confirming the seller's photo ID and signature matches the signature on the transfer. &gt;does the vehicle title include the current owners name?
&gt;

Yes

&gt;do you guys keep this title in the vehicle for presentation to law enforcement?
&gt;

No, it's registered with the RMV/DMV.

&gt;if it's kept in the car, what prevents a thief from signing the title and selling the car fraudulently?

That's a great reason not to carry your title around.

 does the vehicle title include the current owners name?

do you guys keep this title in the vehicle for presentation to law enforcement?

if it's kept in the car, what prevents a thief from signing the title and selling the car fraudulently? In California the vehicle title just needs to be released by the current owner, then it's up to the new buyer to register the car in their name. The seller needs to fill out a Notice of Transfer and Release of Liability (NRL), which I did, but the vehicle isn't legally transferred until the buyer pays for the transfer with the DMV. As far as I understand it.   


I'm not sure they're not also part of the scam. That's part of why I posted. I'm probably not criminally smart enough to even figure out how they could be. My wife has a shared friend with his wife, so he is probably a real person using a real facebook account.  NAL.

may I ask how this is possible?

in my locality, we're required to include a UVIP (used vehicle information package) but even without that, we all know that the name on the vehicle portion of the ownership must match the name on photo ID such as the drivers license.

anything less and the buyer is buying a stolen vehicle, as they've no reason to believe the seller has the authority to make the sale.

are you sure the 3rd party isn't part of a scam? There shouldn't be.  Title jumping is illegal as it cheats the state out of sales tax and registration.  The police or AG may be interested.