 Good morning/afternoon everyone. I have a situation where today in my email I saw a Notification of Garnishment on (mypay) which is the military pay website stating that there was some documents in regards to my compensation. Once I looked into the documents there was a DD2653 attached which is a Involuntary Allotment Application that is done by the bank which means they will take money from my paycheck no matter what. The loan in question is my car back state side that I was paying off but I changed my duty station 2 years ago and still overseas. Before leaving I made a power of attorney to my cousin that I grew up with to take care anything car related and make payments on my behalf while I was overseas in case of any rapid deployments. For about a year I set up an automated transfer of money to my cousins bank account and checking the bills everything was paid for about 8 months and I stopped checking the bills in good faith which was the dumbest thing I probably done because is seems he stopped paying the bill around October 2017 and kept taking my money to find out he was in jail for the last 3 months for drug trafficking. Today I find the email with the DD2253 attached, Warrant in Debt from a hearing that I was not even aware of until I got this email also there was a report of the defendant guardian ad litem which has someone that was appointed as a guardian ad litem for me. Stating to trying to contact me at my old address which I had no access to for the past 2 years. Now all that being said this is the first time for me dealing with the court and I don't know what the hell is all this. I have contact information for this "guardian ad litem" should I contact them? Or call the bank? I know pretty much not being able to reach me won't work as an excuse and I'm trying to come to an agreement to pay this off as quickly as possible. I really don't know where to start and the time difference being in Asia dose not help so I'm not able to call anyone until morning or able to speak with military legal since today it's their off day.