Sorry for the long read in advance. 

This happened in October 2016. I was attending an all boys boarding school in a small town in Nebraska. I live in Kansas and would commute home on weekends but live at the school during the week days. After school ended for the day on a Monday I went to my room to take a nap around 3:30pm. I was sound asleep and was briefly awoken by an intense pain in my head. I don’t remember much more after that except being woken up by my roommate who had just come back from dinner around 5pm. I rolled off my bed and tried to remember what happened and why my head hurt so bad. The room was spinning and the lights in the room were extremely intense. I stumbled out of my room and walked down the hall to talk to my RA. I explained to him that I may have sustained a concussion as I have had several in the past and know what they feel like. I asked him if anything happened or if anyone came into my room and he simply told me that I did not have a concussion and that I was simply depressed about my bad test score and that I should stop trying to make up excuses for not studying. I immediately stumbled back to my room and called my parents and explained what happened to the best of my abilities but I really didn’t know what happened I began asking my classmates what happened and if they saw anyone come into my room while I was sleeping. (Note I didn’t keep my door locked as my roommate was very forgetful and often lost his keys.) several people said that they say one kid go into my room and 30 seconds later came running out laughing with a weird smile on his face. I asked him about it and he denied every coming in my room. I was extremely exhausted, dizzy, nauseous, and couldn’t think straight so I decided to sleep it off and went to bed. I told my roommate that we would be locking the door from now on as someone came in he agreed. The next morning I woke up to a banging on my door. I opened my door and it was my RA asking me why I had skipped 2 classes that morning. I had slept through those classes with no recollection of having my alarm go off or anything. I quickly get dressed and go to my next class. I walked into my class or the class I thought I was supposed to be in and apparently it wasn’t a class I had ever been in. I left that class and tried to find my class but had absolutely no idea where I was. After asking around I finally found the classroom and found out we were was supposed to be and I sit down. I see the kid who everyone thought went into my room and he smiled and says “how’s your head faker” and a few people around him laughed. The next thing I know my teacher is tapping me awake and telling me that if I keep falling asleep in his class I will need to leave. I had apparently fallen asleep 3 times in his class. So he told me that my behavior was extremely out of character and that I should go lay down. I head back to my dorm room and fall asleep only to be awoken by my RA telling me to stop being lazy and depressed and to get my ass to class. I go to my next class and am again sent back to my dorm for falling asleep and being out of character. This repeats for the rest of the school day. I call my parents and I tell them everything that is going on they say that they have been in contact with my RA and thar he is telling them a completely different story stating that I am being openly defiant and lethargic. I am later informed thar they asking him to do a basic concussion symptoms check to see if I showed any signs of having a concussion and he assures them that he did in fact meet with me and look me over but in reality he never did. I decide to go to the head of discipline and try to get some help. After hearing that I will be talking to the schools about what happened the kid who allegedly came into my room approached me and told me that it was in fact him but that he was just messing around and did not intend to hurt me and that I should tell everyone that we are friends and this is a joke. I was very out of it and could not really do anything but nod and agree. I did tell the head of discipline that I believe someone hit me in the head while I was sleeping and in turn gave me a concussion. He asked if I knew who did it and I told him about the kid but I did in fact say that we were friends which I still don’t know why I did. After the meeting I go back to my room and and fall asleep still experiencing major concussion symptoms 2 days after the assault including; headache, dizziness, fatigue, short term memory loss, sensitivity to light and sound, vomiting, extremely poor balance and ringing in my ears. I wake up the next day and try to get through the day. The same thing happens where I go to class only to get sent back to my dorm by my teachers to having my RA make me go back to class. I do not hear anything from the head of discipline and noticed that my symptoms were getting more severe. I called my parents once more and told them that nobody was doing anything about what happened and mom was already planning on driving up for parent teacher conferences so she came to get me. After she arrived I was called out of class and into a meeting room. In the room was my mom, the head of discipline, our councilor, and my RA. We sat down and I explained everything to them once again and my mom asked my RA again if he had administrators a concussion test. He said yes and my mom told him that she knows he is lying because she is a pediatrician and could see many of my symptoms by just talking to me for about 30 seconds. The head of discipline stated that they went through security camera footage and that the kid who supposedly came into my room did and came out running 30 seconds later with a smile on his face as others had told me. My mom then said that we are leaving and she took me to the hospital. I was diagnosed with a mild traumatic brain injury and was instructed to get brain rest. I went to my grandparents house and lived in their basement as it has a very dark room. For the next several weeks I slept 23-24 hours a day only waking up to briefly eat or use the restroom. I began to notice improvements and pretty soon I could stay awake for more than an hour at a time. The doctor suggested that I start progressing back into school starting at an hour or as much as I can handle a day. Once I went back I was immediately given all the assignments I had missed during my few weeks if absences and told to get it to each teacher ASAP. I felt that I was better enough and began working on my make up work only to get a severe headache and became extremely confused and tired. I decided to return to my grandparents house and go sleep it off. I waited 2 days before returning and then was given more homework and still expected to do all of the work even though the doctors had recommended only 1 hour of class and no academic work. This cycle kept repeating until it was close to finals and I was expected to take all my final exams over the things that had been learned while I was not in school recovering. I obviously did not want to fail and saw my only option was to keep going to class and doing as much as I can. I pushed myself to the point that I was unable to do simple things like hold a conversation or eat without falling asleep. When my mom heard about everything that was happening she told the school that they need to give me the grades that I had the day of the incident and excuse the rest of my work and give me a final semester grade. Then she informed them that I would not be returning to the school and would be enrolling in the local high school in Kansas. I stayed in Nebraska for several more weeks recovering and sleeping until I was able to travel back home. I began to experience nightmares of the incident and would often feel like I was reliving the event over and over again. In January of 2017 I saw a concussion specialist who had previously taken care of me for my last few concussions. I was told that my reading and cognitive levels were extremely low and my balance and vestibular functions were extremely bad. I was instructed to start vestibular therapy as well as speech therapy. I went to school in Kansas for only an hour a day as the doctor recommended and did not actively participate. I was just there observing until I could handle actually learning. Several months went by and I was progressively getting better and better. I began to be able to read like I had been able to and hold conversations without forgetting major things and I could walk and balance again. I was able to go to a full day of school by March and was fully cleared of my concussion by late April. I began to notice that the nightmares were getting more and more severe. I would wake up sometimes 5-6 times a night crying. My mom made an appointment with a therapist and we developed strategies to help me avoid having nightmares. I also was started on Prozac for anxiety which helped significantly but there was a few nightmares here and there that still occurred. Fast forward to this year 2018. I started college this fall and noticed that it is much harder to focus and study for tests, I am very forgetful, I heave headaches frequently and still feel that some of my symptoms never truly went away 100%. On top of that I was extremely worried about living in a dorm like living area once again. I talked to my doctors and therapist about the things I can do to help ease my worries. I was given several techniques and practices to try and it seemed to help for the most part. Now fast forward today. I have not slept in 2 days because I am awoken by my nightmares, reliving the attack in extreme detail. I am not sure what to do as I have tried to seek help and manage my symptoms. I called my parents and they talked about the option of taking legal action again the kid who assaulted me. We did file a police report after the incident and it is documented. Now I guess I am curious as to what my options are. I know that the incident did occur nearly two years ago but I am still suffering from the effect of it and I would like to know if taking legal action would be something that I should consider or what other options I may have. (We originally did not take legal action immediately after the incident largely because my dad was a teacher at that school and the abbot was the one who officiated the marriage of my parents. The school and the abbot asked that we don’t sue so that it didn’t ruin the reputation of the school.) I was originally okay with that but now that it has been over two years and I am still suffering over something that happened to me and the kid did not even get expelled. I am beginning to wander if I made the right choice. 


TLDR: I was assaulted while sleeping in my dorm room. A kid attacked me with a text book while I was sound asleep and gave me a very severe concussion. The school did nothing to protect me and the kid did not get expelled for his actions. I am still experiencing symptoms of my concussion two years after the incident and have been having extremely vivid dreams of the attack preventing me from getting a goodnights sleep. I want to know my legal options as well as any other courses of action that would be recommended.  I don’t understand the actions of any of he people in this story. Nobody ever cared to figure out exactly what this kid did to your head? Statute of limitations in Nebraska looks to be 1 year for assault and battery, so no chance of a civil action there. But there could be a civil cause of action under the general personal injury statute, where it looks like the statute of limitations on personal injury is 4 years. Consult a Nebraska personal injury attorney, and he'll give you a sense of whether you have a case. 