Ok so I’ve been working at a restaurant as a part time cashier for a few months now, and I’ve never had to deal with taxes before so I’m just a little confused.

I got paid with cash at my previous jobs, but when I started here, she asked if getting a check was okay. I said sure, and that was that. When I was about to get the check for the first month, she said she needed a picture of my ID and my SSN, which I gave. Correct me if I’m wrong, but wasn’t there supposed to be a form or something I needed to fill out? I asked my mom and she said I should’ve had a form where I filled out my address and everything, in the case that I quit (and I definitely will, that’s another story) and they need to mail me my tax returns. My roommate also said I should’ve gotten paycheck stubs or something, but I’ve never done this before and my boss didn’t explain everything clearly so I’m just lost. 

So if I am missing something, what do I need to ask my boss for? What forms, if any? I live in NYC so a decent amount is taken from my check every month. she also pays me only once a month, at the end, which I’m pretty sure is not legal in this state either. [removed] If the employer is stealing from OP. Is there a chance the employer could give OP a fabricated pay stub?  The W2 is basically a "receipt" for all the withholding you've paid. Like someone else has said, the [W4](https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw4.pdf) (PDF) is what an employee fills out to give an idea of how much should be withheld

Without a W4, the employer is supposed to [default](https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc753) to the maximum withheld amount (single, no allowances). That may be what's happening here, or she may just be stealing from you.

Ask about paystubs, and possibly updating your W4 No, that is not what it means. Just ask for your paystubs. That will answer all this.  I can't speak on what she did, but that's how taxes are withheld.  I'd tell her you want to change make a change to your w4 form. So if I never filled out this form, does that mean she personally took the hundreds that were taken out of my checks?  But she’s taken hundreds out of my checks for what presumably taxes? Do I need to ask her for the W2 for me to fill out? Is it too late for the amount she’s already taken? You were supposed to fill out a w4 form. Based on how many dependents (people who see solely dependent on your income) you claim is how much is withheld. It's a form you fill out and sign. &gt; they need to mail me my tax returns

Your employer provides a W-2 with information about taxes withheld from your pay, which you use to file your taxes with the government. The IRS returns anything you may be owed based on the information you provide when you file

It sounds like you may still be getting paid under the table, just with a check this time