I checked out a used minivan at a used car dealership on Saturday and liked the car. We negotiated but couldn't come to an agreement on the price so I left. Thinking it over I changed my mind and decided that the dealer's final price was actually a decent deal so I called them back. They agreed to still honor that price but I couldn't make it back to the dealership before close of business, so I made a $500 down payment over the phone. They sent me over text message a photo taken of their signed bill of sale, and we agreed to have the balance paid and the car picked up two days later on Monday evening (closed Sundays due to blue laws).

In the meantime I had ordered new tires and set up appointments to have the car maintenanced. Come Monday afternoon I get a text message saying that the deal is no good, and that "the boss" made a mistake and the price is too low. They will give me the $500 refund but I'm mostly upset over the loss of the sale, time and effort spent researching tires/maintenance, and now having to work on returning the tires for a refund.

Is it legal for them to do this? Is there anything I can do? Thanks for the advice. Really bummed out about the sale. I will make sure to post some honest reviews about this experience. This sounds suspiciously like a contracts final exam question. 

Sale of a movable good - &gt; UCC likely applies

Sale of a movable good over $500 -&gt; Subject to the Statute of Frauds

Bill of Sale is a writing sufficient to satisfy the SoF, and is signed by the party which it will be enforced against. 

Electronic submittal of the signed agreement is sufficient. 

Under Agency theory, does the signatory have the authority to bind the principal?

Is the breach material or substantial performance? 

Do the tires and wasted time count as expectation damages, or reliance damages? 

-----
 . . . Sorry for the flashback there. 

Honestly OP, you're unlikely to get very far here. Most small claims courts are not empowered to order specific performance, so even if you were able to assert a valid claim, they couldn't order the dealership to hand over the van. The closest you'd come would be to enter a contract for a similar van, and if the price was higher than the price you agreed to with the first dealership, you sue for that monetary difference. So if you agreed to pay $10,000 for this van, but ended up paying $11,000 for an equivalent van, you would sue the original dealer for $1k. But this requires finding a suitable replacement contract. And that is based on the premise that your contract was enforcible, and the dealership didn't have any defenses to the contract. It's a tough sell, legally.

You can certainly continue to negotiate with the dealership, and try to leverage it as best you can with the sales manager. They may want to avoid poor reviews, or to gain your business some other way. But as a straight legal route, you're likely to find difficulties.  


