Behind my backyard is a grocery store parking lot separated by a 6ft brick wall. Today I caught a kid trying to steal empty bottles out of my recycling bin. As soon as I stepped outside he jumped back over the wall into the parking lot. I will be reporting it to the local police station. I’m trying to get in contact with the grocery store but I think I might as well go there and speak with the manager. I do have security cameras set up to record when detecting movement but unfortunately It doesn’t happen all the time. It has difficulty detecting movement through a window but we do not want to place it outdoors. Anything else I can do to prevent this from happening again. It's really The Sandlot-esque but I have a brindle Bullmastiff and he keeps the neighbor's kids out of my yard when their baseballs and other toys get tossed over the fence. So I suggest you get a big dog, give it a choke chain to make it look more intimidating and everyone will leave you alone. When the neighbors come by while he's off-leash in the front yard, they always ask if he bites before stepping onto my lawn. This and tagging is why my yard has a six foot hedge around it with a fence hidden in the middle.  While his manner was condescending, I agree with the first part of Zapopa's comment. There is really no reason to speak with the store manager, save for perhaps asking if it would be permissible to hang a "No Trespassing" sign on their side of the wall. They have no obligation to protect your property, or report anyone scaling your wall. Nor does any customer have an obligation to listen to a store employee short of being asked to leave the property under threat of arrest. 

If people are trespassing, call the police when it occurs. Helpful information includes sex, approximate height and build, clothing description, where they went, and how long ago. 

As for preventing less scrupulous individuals from scaling your wall, make it less appealing. Barbed wire, pointed picket fence posts, or even [bird spikes](https://smile.amazon.com/Defender-Stainless-Bird-Spikes-Control/dp/B01NC0G6DB/ref=pd_lpo_vtph_86_lp_t_3?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1&amp;refRID=K4E08049GX5TV9P55WJ0&amp;sa-no-redirect=1) may make it just inconvenient enough to prevent lazy ne'er-do-wells from hopping your wall. Also might not hurt to install motion-activated lights in such a manner as to turn on if they detect movement in your yard (Try to set these up so as not to bother the neighbors unnecessarily.)

Edit: More Ideas. Cactus or shrubbery lining the wall in your yard may also be helpful. Essentially, if you're looking to discourage people trespassing, what you want to do is create a [Defensible Space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defensible_space_theory), although you may only be able to address a few of these principles. Look for ways to encourage visibility, passively punish unwanted behavior, and build a rapport with your neighbors.  Not legal, but anecdotal advice: My childhood home was relatively close to an unmarked trail that would result in some trespassers. My parents picked out some big, prickly bushes and planted them on the edge of the property line. 

After they grew for a bit, we had significantly less trespassers. Maybe you could do that as a deterrent, and then you also wouldn’t have to look at a brick wall.  He's rude in how he puts his point forward, but it is still a valid point. The store has no power, nor responsibility here. You can't sue them, and they wont be disposed to helping you. 

You have your basic advice. You say you have cameras. They dont do you any good from inside your home. We can't force you to put them outside, but thats the advice. 

And if you catch someone inside your yard, call the cops. Thats really about as much as you can do, legally. Catch them in the act.  Is this a recycling bin provided by the city or your trash company? If it is, then the person is effectively stealing from them/you. Call the police when people are trespassing on your property to steal stuff. K. Call the FBI dedicated hotline for hobos who steal recycling out of bins. Its set up for 24/7 emergencies. Forgot to include California. 

So I should put no trespassing signs on the parking lot side of the brick wall???

Seems kinda odd putting that sign in my backyard He wasn't snooping around. He was there to lift some recyclables.  I know you must have crippling anxiety whenever  you peek outside to that terrible world filled with people, but this isn't really a three alarm fire. And he didn't even say it happened more than once. I had a dog fucking a deer on my property once. Wasn't my deer. Wasn't my dog. And it was pretty unsettling. But I didn't overreact and you know what? It never happened again. 

Minor life annoyances can often be dealt with. Or safely ignored.  I’m not just going to sit and do nothing. I’d like to think you would be concerned if anybody was just hanging out in your backyard. But thanks for your input anyway A random person snooping around on your property is hardly a minor thing. The store has nothing to do with folks who elect to trespass on your property. Even if they were deemed to have some duty I would think a six foot brick fence would just about be all they can do to stop someone from using their property as a gateway to your sweet recyclables. So why would you even think about talking to the store manager?

If you are besot with undesirables lightening your garbage load then call the police. Or get a motion detector that shoots water from a hose onto trespassers like I do for trash pandas. Or take a deep breathe, pick up a packet of perspective and learn not to get a shit about some minor thing that will probably happen once in a blue moon. Are there visible 'private property' or 'no trespassing' signs anywhere on your property?

What state are you in? [removed]