 A family friend lost her husband and inherited a few million dollars recently. I was in the process of buying a home and found a nice one for 105k. I asked her to co-sign for me and she instead purchased the home in cash and put it in my name. We verbally agreed that I would work off the debt tending to her new home she was moving into, however this proved impossible due to our conflicting schedules. We then verbally agreed that I would pay her $500 a month to repay the debt, which I did. Two months after this her and my mother moved in together and it ended very quickly with neither party parting on good terms. She blocked my immediate family, including my spouse who was paying the rent from her account, and made it clear that she wants no further communication from anyone in our family. My spouse no longer wants to pay her, and I cannot stretch another $500 a month alone. I called her to explain my situation and she was very hostile, even threatening. During the conversation I began to get the impression that she was threatening my children and I asked her if she was going to hurt us over this and she responded “if that’s what you think you better get my money”. I don’t know what to do from here. My spouse seems to think she’s just crazy and that there’s nothing she can do legally if we stop paying, and she has made it very clear that she won’t be contributing more to our bills should I choose to continue paying her. Given that the house is in my name, and we have no written agreement, is there anything she can do to me legally if I stop paying her? She can take the house off you. Which can also strip your credit And why are you paying her 500month That's pathetic, 'you should be tossing her half your pay along with your spouse, The only solution I can think of is? Find a new job, lifting boxes or whatever. Something that offers 35 or more per year. This also requires your spouse to work as well. Talk to her agent (if she has one). And ask to speed up the payments to 15k to 25k per year. Try paying her 25k for 3 years And tell her that you give her an additional 20k If she agrees to not take the house off you And I highly advice you to not smoke drugs in the house. It ruins everything inside the house I'm sorry. But 500 dollars a month ? If I was her I would of laughed at you.  Contracts and loans involving real-estate transactions MUST BE IN WRITING in all 50 states. So, what do you have in writing detailing the amount you owe her for the house? In addition to this comment you should respect the fact that the woman helped you in a time of need by buying the house and putting it in your name.. Your spouse having a falling out with her should not mediate your obligation to your debt. I suggest you separate the personal from the financial aspect of this situation and pay what you owe. It is the moral thing to do.  You can’t just stop paying your debt because of interfamily fighting... plus, she’s asking you to repay $500/month - is that without interest? She really helped you out. That’s huge!  I think you should consider selling the house, settling your debt with her with the proceeds, and then buying or renting your own house that she has nothing to do with. You have a verbal agreement with a history of payment. She could sue you for the value of the house and would very likely win. Your spouse needs to get over it and pay for the house. 