My neighbors got very mad at me when I rang their doorbell, I did come back about 10 later and try again because I assumed they thought I was a door to door salesman. When I finally saw them the wife got very mad at me even when I explained the situation. They have a door camera that has a perfect angle, I know because they’ve posted footage before, and is within range to be triggered. I understand they don’t need to share this I was just wondering if, knowing they don’t want to share with me personally, it’s ok to ask the police non emergency to go ask. 

Police did respond to incident when it occurred, only arrested one man and told us that it’s unlikely anything will happen do to lack of proof. (Can’t prove which one of the 3 men did the actual act of siphoning without a video) 


I think it’s important to point out she was really angry at me, I waited until 11am to go and ask thinking they’d gladly help as we are neighbors I was very wrong. The husband seemed a little sympathetic towards me when the wife was yelling at me to go away she didn’t care about my problem.   Okay thank you for the blatant truth. I’d rather not annoy them seeing as even if they decided to go it’s possible nothing could come of it.  You could call the officer who took the report and say you think you know of someone who has information and explain what you have done, but frankly they are unlikely to do much. So while I never want to discourage someone from following up on a crime that was committed against them, it may be a bit of an annoyance. Would it just be an annoyance to the police to even be asked? Since they won’t talk to me I am not sure any such footage exists, I was just assuming it wouldn’t be so inconvenient to ask them to look at the Ring app  You can ask, the police are unlikely to have any greater success and may not even try. The only one who could compel it would be the prosecutor if they issued a subpoena. Unfortunately for you, the odds of them doing that before any video is overwritten are slim.