I bought my home in 2016 as a foreclosure and everything has been as expected. Until November 1st. My girlfriend borrowed my car to work that day and I was home when an unusually strong knock on the front door. When I opened it the man acted strange and was mid step across the threshold. I had to physically block him from entering and obvious questions were asked. He was never violent or aggressive but overly pushy and adamant about coming inside even though I said no on many occasions. It turns out this man was the old owner that was foreclosed on and he "missed the house and had lots of memories and wants to show me some of the things he had done to the place." He specifically mentioned pipes in the basement which really creeped me out. When he wouldn't take no for an answer and him claiming "oh this must just be a bad time" I suggested getting his phone number in order to just deter him. When he said he had no phone I said i'll get a paper and pen. I closed the door and walked to my kitchen counter to get them but as I was doing this he opened my door and took a few steps in and scanned the house. Its hard to explain how unaggressive he was acting throughout this entire ordeal, and me not trying to escalate things chose not to get aggressive (Which in hindsights I'm not sure was the correct action). I escorted him back out the door and proceeded the rest of the conversation outside. 
Now I have confirmed through neighbors and further verified through his facebook that he indeed lived in my house and is who he said he is. I also checked public records and he was in obvious financial troubles and had even more recent court dates where he had not shown up at all when he was retired to pay money owed. not a crazy large sum, in the realm of around 10K.
It has been a month and I haven't heard from him thankfully and I thought it was over with.
Then tonight I am in my backyard lighting a fire with my girlfriend and a strange man walks around to the backyard asking for him. He quickly realizes im not the man and says he is sorry and starts walking away until I engage him in conversation and walk towards him. He claimed to have gone to school with the guy and were old friends. (Some friends if he doesn't know the guy hasn't lived here in 2+ years) and it took me asking for him to give me only his first name. He was very abrupt and then left as quickly as he came. 
I may just be over analyzing this entire ordeal; but what, if any, should my course of action be?
I live in Connecticut and my girlfriend is now nervous being home alone and am not sure of any steps I could take or if its just a waiting game until something worse happens.

I bought a blink home security system and it's currently in the mail, should be here this week.

Thanks for any advice you may have.


 Shelters often have "specials" at this time of year.  Shelter dogs usually have all of their shots, too, so you wouldn't have that to worry about for awhile.

 I was thinking more like hidden drugs, cash, weapons  methheads are always up to something

But yeah meth head love that scrap metal also

 Cameras are good... for after they're already in your house. Replace your locks with stronger deadbolts, reinforce your door jambs (bigger strike plates, 3" screws), some people like window film for their windows or go full burglar bars. Make it harder to get into your house.

ETA: P.S. Opening your door and entering your house sounds pretty darn aggressive to me. Wish you the best in resolving this. Are they copper? If so, he may have wanted to come in to confirm that you hadn’t changed them out so that he could come back to strip the pipes and sell the copper.  Because I can't believe no one's suggested this yet: as he's the old owner, get your locks changed.

A lot of sliding doors and windows can be lifted off their tracks to gain access; make sure you have blocking bars that can't be jiggled out of place (even a well-fitting piece of wood across the bottom of the track should work).

Check with your local police station.  In our area, you can arrange for an officer to come out during a non-busy period and go through your house with you.  They then give you a list of recommendations to help prevent a burglary that are specific to your house. [removed] Home Depot rents thermal cameras for checking insulation leaks. It would show any hidden pockets behind walls or floors.  Yes, that's been on the list for too long. Seems like I'll need yet another safe for that now too. At this rate i might as well build a safe room. jk, kind of. Good to know. You can't be sure, because there may be something in a different state or county.  I can look up court records for my state, but for another state I need to know where to look (i.e. Mass, VT, etc) Err what? No police? Yeah then you definitely know what you need to do. Make sure your partner is familiar with it too. Be safe, ultimately you can replace stuff..your life and health is a different matter. He didn't go to prison. He didn't show up to court. My latest theory is the second visitor was perhaps a county hunter or marshal. Thats what scares me. My town doesn't have a PD. we rely on troopers that are not usually in the area. lmao. I do but there's gotta be a better way.... maybe? I only got partial plates on both unfortunately but i have the color and make of the cars :/ Thank you for your kind words. A dog is a great idea I just don't know if I can fit it in the budget.  I second the casing angle. It seems possible to me that A. his house was foreclosed on (so he's probably not great with money or is having some kind of financial issue) B. he knows the layout of the house, so it'd be much easier to come in and rob it than some rando house. C. This is pretty typical behavior for casing houses. It's not uncommon for robbers to ring the doorbell and check if someone is home (they can always make up an excuse for their presence and leave) and if no one answers, they go in assuming no one is home.  

I'd be concerned in your situation. I would think he and his buddies could be casing the house to rob it. If you put up cameras/detectors, it doesn't hurt to make them kind of noticeable--could be a deterrent. Or even just an ADT sticker or something like that to indicate you have something in the house even when you don't.  Or poop. [deleted] Did you happen to catch their license plates? Make /model of car? Keep an eye out for repeat cars, it sounds like they're casing your house as others have mentioned. Do you have a sledgehammer? I really think it's time to start some demolition. We need to know what's in those walls. Make sure your insurance is up to date. Homeowners etc. Also, having a home security system is a deterrent but ultimately only that. It depends on the police making a timely arrival and for you to be able to hold out until they arrive.

If you're in the US and you know the laws of your state, i'm sure you know what i'm talking about. Did you ever think about getting an early warning system called d. o. g., in addition to the security system.  

I feel much safer in my home with a dog.  He alerts when anyone gets anywhere near the house.

If you go to a shelter you can get an adult dog who already knows the doggy ropes.  Dog walking is great exercise, too. Check those pipes down the basement might be something valuable   Because he was in prison? I have a couple safes but none that can be bolted down. That is definitely on the list now. Thanks I did check the basement and only found pieces of random scrap and animal carcasses in the crawl space. Did you check the basement for anything he may have left behind he wants? It could be a grumpy/sad old man who wishes things went a different way - they could be casing you. You're good with the security system, motion lights do wonders too. Personally I think you may be overreacting a bit. Legally you can put up no tresspassing signs and call the police when he does I’m not familiar with your area, and I could be misreading your question... take pictures and document your more valuable items.
(Computers, furniture over $1000, etc.)
Also get a decent fire/water safe that can be bolted down and secure it in your closet for your sensitive documents. (Titles for cars, passports, emergency cash.) Not a giant safe, something where you could hold two reams worth of paper.

As for actual house insurance, you’d want this anyways for your insurance claim. I like your thinking. My town doesn't even have a police department so I suppose that's all the more reason to be targeted. I guess i'll double up on the cameras. Got any recommendations for personal property insurance? This is obviously the theory my mind wanders to a lot but I have looked and found nothing. And also, if there's loot, why would he of let himself get foreclosed on? While it's often wise to impute rational motives to strange behavior, you could be missing an important piece of information, drug addiction, for instance. Or, like I said, maybe there's a suitcase full of loot buried in the basement and they're trying to find a way down there to recover it! Make the cameras discreet. Even with face masks, police can get a way better idea of who they’re looking for. Build, ink, etc.
You can easily get away with 4 cameras. One somewhat close to the front door looking over the front yard, one on each side facing the street overlooking the length of the house and one near the back door looking over the back yard. Cameras are so cheap nowadays in systems that it is more beneficial to have more angles and visibility. You don’t need them inside the house, but one covering the garage, front and back doors from inside is a bonus.

Home is where you should feel safe. I have alarms, security cameras, and guns. I also live in a shady area so I’m somewhat justified.

You’d be over the top of you hired 24/7 security. Haha

By reporting the incidents to the police they may increase patrol units in that area. Meaning faster response times in case a real break in is happening. Good advice. I was originally looking into that many cameras but thought I was going overboard and a step away from wearing tin foil hats if I had that many cameras around my property. 
Also, if they do break in and are smart enough to wear face cover, is there any pre-emptive measures I can take to help in identifying them other ways? Definitely seems that way. But would they really be so dumb about it? The security system is a good idea. Letting the neighbors know to call 911 is a good idea. 

I would do as the other poster suggested and make a police report. There’s a reason these people are showing up now. 

 Definitely sounds like your place is being cased to rob. Hey, who knows, maybe this is like out of a film and the guy and his semi-competent stooges are trying to bust in there to recover some stolen loot they've hidden down there, and the reason they couldn't until now is that they were in prison.  First you should start documenting this all with the police. The first and second time was trespassing and does warrant a 911 call if it happens again. Call your non-emergency line to see about filing a report for the first two times.
Second, most alarms like that come pretty weak. Couple door sensors and motion sensors... you want door sensors, window sensors (both if it’s opened or the glass is broken) and motion sensors. You will also want motion activated flood lights on the sides and rear of your house. (Try to have them light up your yard and not the neighbors house to be polite.)
Third, cameras will be your friend. Get something like an 8 or 12 channel system and hook them up to a DVR/NVR and tuck it away somewhere. (Don’t have it in plain view unless you have cloud archived footage.)

Also, make nice with the neighbors. If they notice something fishy, they’ll call the police. You do the same. A connected neighborhood is a safe neighborhood.