So my dad ran out of noodles when he was making spaghetti, so he was gonna run up to the store while it was still cooking so he wouldn't be late for his party.  Well when he was leaving the store, in the parking lot, he got rear ended and hit the car in front of him.  All three people had no injuries and not much damage to the cars [under $1000 each]. They didn't know what to do so they called the police, AMD after waiting for 35 minutes my dad exchanged information, changed his front tire, waited another 15 minutes. Now by this time over an hour had past and my dad still had food on the stove. He has no renters insurance so he didn't want his house to burn down and lose literally EVERYTHING, so he made sure the two other people k ow he was coming back and he left.  He got home, turned off the stove, and by the time he was out the door again three police officers were at his door saying he was drunk(drinking but not legally drunk) and charged him with two counts to of felony hit and run.  While in court, both the officers and the other party lied about what happened and overeggagerated the situation, saying how he was rushing to get out of the situation as fast as he could, did not tell the other drivers he was leaving, he was so drunk he didn't know what time it was(he never knows what time and it was raining).  He was found guilty of two counts of felony hit and run with bodily injury(maybe not the exact name for it). He is going to be sentanced on Dec. 13th. He has attempted an appeal but has been out of work for a year do to an unrelated Injery, so it would need to be pro bono.  What can I do? Is there anything I can do?  [deleted] [deleted] One of them testified at the trial.  Does your dad have the other two drivers information to ask them for a testimony? Dude, you're making your father sound worse and worse.  The decisions that he made in your story are not the decisions that a sober, rational person would make. I’m sorry, but you are not making the convincing argument that you think you are. As much as I appreciate the help, professional help for his drinking is not what I'm seeking counsel for at the moment, I admit my dad has problems but a liar he is not.  My dad is a prick, he gets into fights when he can (vocally), and always finds trouble.  But this isn't what I was coming here for.  I understand the point of view your coming for, drunk dad leaves burner, gets in accident and doesn't want to tell his kids about it to save face.  My dad doesn't save face. Hes the type of person that has worn the same stinky ripped up hat for longer than I have been alive.   The more you comment the less reliable your father sounds.  If you want to help him then get him professional help for whatever problems he is currently facing.  Believing everything he tells you just because he is your father helps no one.

 A burner on the stove, his stove has a setting on it(electric, does it all the time for soups and sauces). Store is literally withing eyesight of the house. Police didn't knock on door, he was walking out. And I dont just know this from his account, I talked with the other drivers aswell, and I'm not saying my dad is one to make good decisions. I know he is no saint but he doesn't lie to me, he told me the truth about cheating on my mom, he told me the truth about me finding weed of his when I was 11, he is an honest guy, at least to me.  So your completely sober father left the stove lit in his apartment, drove to the store, hit a car, fled the scene, and then was intoxicated enough by the time he left that police could tell as soon as he answered the door?  And you think he didn’t know what time it was because it was raining?  That is the story you are choosing to believe?

The account you give is one of someone who is incapable of making healthy and safe decisions for one reason or another.  Whether that is a problem with alcohol or some sort of debilitating disease, your father needs help. He doesn't have a drinking problem, he had a glass of wine while making the spaghetti. Where did you get drinking problem?
 Your father needs money for an attorney and professional help for his drinking problem.  He is highly unlikely to find anyone to take his case pro bono. A couple of thoughts.  
To obtain an attorney to help with this appeal without the financial resources, he would need to convince an attorney to take the case pro-bono.  You could work through the VA Bar association for a referral, or contact the ACLU.

Now, let's be objectively honest here...  Attorneys typically take pro-bono cases they believe they can win.  There seem to be multiple witnesses who say your father broke some serious laws.  A court has already determined he is guilty of those crimes.  Let's assume for a second everything you said is 100% what happened, I think appealing this verdict would be an uphill battle.

And I think you also need to ask yourself whether the version of the story as relayed to you is 100% accurate.

&amp;#x200B; Added that to the bottom, sorry for not having it originally. He jas been convicted, had an PD He's already been convicted? Did he have an attorney? [removed]