  Please forgive any spelling or grammatical errors.

So it all started when I got pulled over for “not yielding to a stop sign”. I KNOW I made a complete stop, so I went to court asking for the video footage. I got a lawyer. The judge in question I suppose got upset one day? And threw out a whole bunch of cases (not sure of the actual term or name for that process) one of which was mine, which my lawyer explained that the judge CAN’T do that. (Love how a judge can theoretically do whatever they want, include break the law, that’s TOTALLY fine.) My lawyer told me the judge was breaking the law, so my case was picked up by another judge. 

Now, Missouri municipal court is an absolute nightmare. The cop completely butchered my name to the point we had trouble finding the tickets I was being charged with. Also? They had the wrong birth date for me in my file, even AFTER I called these assholes at least 3+ times to change it to the accurate information, they kept sending out letters and such to some other random address. You’d think with an inaccurate name, address and birth date that would be enough to get out the ticket, no. That’s just movie fantasy, says my lawyer.

Anyway, jump to the video. I paid an extra $200 to get access to it. The judge turned down my request. Which to me is like…why? Because you know the cop illegally pulled me over? It’s the only proof I have, and they refuse to let me use it. Plus, I already paid for it. This has been going on for a year, I’ve been fighting it because honestly? The legal system has nothing to do with justice, they just want your money. I’m not even from MO or the Midwest so, driving 5+ hours to a bogus court date was not what I wanted to be spending my time doing. I wanted to fight for my rights, I’m sick of being pushed around by big corporations and the government. But it was messing with my mental health, so I decided to pay it and let it all go.

Here is where it gets interesting. I decided to just pay off these tickets and move on with my life and complain about the government another day, right? So, MO municipal court website is literally useless for making payments, and my court date was creeping up. I was still a week out so what I did was I got two money orders for both of my tickets. I am so anal and untrusting that I wrote two IDENTICAL letters, with all my information. My full name, what the money orders were for, the ticket number, I mean ALL the things. Send them in the mail, now it’s a waiting game. I have the receipt for the money orders. I even called and made sure this would be acceptable, considering I can say exactly when it will arrive. I was reassured that if the date on the money order is before the court date, I would be fine. I have recorded all phone conversations with everyone I have spoken to involved, so I have MANY lies and just people who have had bad training and have NO IDEA what they are doing at their job, giving me misinformation on tape. 

I wait about a couple of days and call back MO. These IDIOTS are literally brain dead! They told me they put out two warrants for my arrest due to nonpayment. I was LIVID. You CANNOT steal a money order, its nearly impossible. I wrote down the exact address and Missouri Municipal Court on the money order. So I contact money gram, guess what? These slimy pieces of shit have cashed and used BOTH money orders, and I have proof. But they are telling me they can’t even see what tickets I’m talking about, can’t see how much each ticket was for, I get told “this is normal”. Then I get told “this is strange”. 

I keep calling these douche nozzles and attempting to reach their financial and billing department, but I truly believe they KNOW they did some sketchy shit and will hang up on me. Put me on hold for 5 hours (not exaggeration) until I get upset and hang up. I have a recording of me just cursing in the background for 5 hours. They will tell me they will reach out to someone and get back to me and NEVER do. They tell me the only way I can fix this is come into court with my proof. But I’m not stupid and my paranoia is out of this world. Legally and technically they can lock me up on the spot, the second I walk in, even if I have proof, and then they will take their sweet time processing it, which can be weeks? In jail?

The whole thing is absurd considering I have 10000% proof that they stole from me. Because they took my money, and still put out two warrants. And they refuse just to check their work, its too easy to tell if a money order has been used or not. I’m scared of going because I don’t want to go to jail, they think they are slick but no. That lawyer I had ended up being an asshole, I don’t believe anything he told me, he could of lied about having my video request turned down, because he didn’t want to do his job that I paid him to do, because it was less than $1000.  If you don’t spend at least $10,000 on a lawyer he won’t do shit for you, and I love how unprofessional most of them are, with their attitudes. Even if you spend 50,000 they will do the bare minimum.

So now what do I do? I have contacted moneygram and had to pay $40 for them to track down one money order number and send me a photocopy of proof for both so I can give to MO municipal court. But that can take up to 90 days, I’ve been waiting 3 weeks now. I have two active warrants and a job. I take care of my grandmother, I can’t just have warrants. This is all so fucked up and sketchy I am sick of being taken advantage of, so my question is can I sue? What can I do? If I do decide to sue, where can I find a lawyer that is not some slimy creature congealed in a cesspool? And should I go in person once I eventually get this proof? Or is it a trap? Please help me I’m so desperate I can’t do this anymore if I can't find a solution I’m just going to kill myself. This planet, these people, this “legal” system, its not right. This planet just isn’t for me. I’m absolutely exhausted with life, I’m ready to go at the drop of a hat.

Now my boyfriend is absolutely horrified with how everything has unfolded, he had no idea how corrupt everything is. I don’t have much money, but he would be willing to pay for a EXTREMELY good lawyer if its worth it. I’ve done research online but looking at reviews nowadays doesn’t help because they pay people to make really good reviews and delete any bad ones, so you rarely get an accurate portrait of…well…really anything on the internet.

Tickets one is for not making a stop at the stop sign, another is not having proof of license, which I do have, but unfortunately because I am stubborn and wanted to fight the WHOLE thing, if I would of just shown my  in the first court date, they would of taken it off but it’s too late now.

TL;DR MO Municipal court is claiming that I didn’t pay two tickets and put out two warrants for me even though I have solid proof that they not only got the payments, but used the money orders. And now they are giving me the runaround. Can I sue?