 I would like to know my options for the future. If I choose to buy a house with only my name on it in Colorado (important to specify since different states handle this differently) will I keep it if we divorce and only my name and money is on it? I rely solely on my disability income and can afford a house if it’s only me. With her spending habits this becomes impossible and my own future is at stake. For four years she hasn’t improved and I have tried everything but she’s gotten me into debt too. I can’t keep doing this while being disabled. The stress with all this is gonna land me in a hospital again and I just have to escape from this situation. I just want to escape this and live by myself. She has never paid me back anything and owes me thousands. Just bought a $22,000 car as well without my knowledge. Please help this is a nightmare.  You're married. Everything is shared.  Damn that’s messed up. I appreciate you letting me know  The court will give her half your money That sounds like a great idea thanks so much! Will it not matter that I have a lot of money saved up? The court probably wouldn’t hand out half my money to her too right? Just things like cars and stuff? And same with her own debt if she buys a car and I don’t sign for it nor use my card, that’s on her right? I believe Colorado is a 50/50 state therefore if you bought the house and then got divorced it would be real hard to keep the house in your possession without giving up other stuff. You would have to make a deal for example if you wanted to keep the house in return you’d have to pay alimony or give up a car certain amount of your check every month or stuff you already own she’d be entitled to for example. What you should do is hide whatever money you were gonna spend on the house so she can’t get it or have someone buy it for you that you trust basically just simply make it so she can’t get her hands on whatever money you have or stuff you own make it so she can’t get it when divorced is finalized then make your move on buying a house.  Thank you so much for that detailed response. What could cause spousal maintenance? She’s going to have a college degree soon and will be making probably about the same money as I will. I’m not going to quote you on it as I’m certain more goes into play, but despite researching it I still am confused.   It appears that for purposes of spousal maintenance, your VA disability benefits would count: from:  I suppose it’s just hard to let go and I want to know if I’m not strong enough to divorce, if we get a house and I only put my name on it or we write something up, I’m not sure. I mentioned my disability compensation since that money shouldn’t be considered income that can be split between spouses. Because of that if I accumulated enough of said income would it protect me since the house was bought for with money given to me by the VA? I’m no professional but from my knowledge, it would still be considered marital property. As mentioned, why not split THEN buy? Why don't you file for divorce first, and then buy the house in your name only? 