My probation is supposed to terminate the 7th of December (2 days from now.) 

I informed my probation officer when I was laid off and she said that she would see about waiving some of the above stated expenses in light of my record of cooperation (zero violations in over 30 months) and that I was let go from work as part of a company wide lay-off (according to her if I had been fired I would definitely NOT get anything waived.)

Anyway, I get a call last week from the probation department (my PO is on maternity leave) informing me that I still owe '$xxxx.xx' total and that if I don't pay it by Dec. 7 I have to appear before a judge and request an extension. Otherwise, they'll execute a warrant for a probation violation. I've been to Middleton, done that. Don't need to revisit it. 

When I asked if this new gentlemen could see the status of any requests or inquiries into having any of my costs waived, he said he would see it in my file if it ever happened and he didn't see it. 

I'm not looking for a handout. I realize I have to pay the consequences for my mistakes so please save your breath if that's what you came here to say.

I just need to know if there is anything worth trying to do in the next 36 hours that doesn't involve an attorney - I can't afford one - which might save me from having to continue my probation.

All I really have as ammunition right now is my official call logs from my mobile provider and my contemporaneous notes (from literally ever single call or meeting I've had with anyone affiliated with the court since the begining of my case. My attorney called me Comey from time to time.)

Any help is appreciated. Even if it's, "Nope. You're f*cked." At least then I can stop worrying about it.  No, of course I have. I have since returned to work, albeit for significantly less pay, but had to cut into my rainy day money during the time I was unemployed.  If you need money, try requesting it on r/assistance.  


Also, ask your senator or congressman if they can advocate on your behalf  Is it just probation fees? Or does it include restitution? If it's just probation fees, you can ask the judge to convert your fees into [community service](https://www.mass.gov/service-details/find-out-what-happens-if-you-violate-your-probation). Bring that up with your current PO. If your current PO isn't helpful, you could try reaching out to the [community service program](https://www.mass.gov/info-details/learn-about-the-trial-court-community-service-program) proactively prior to your hearing to get details about what you would need to do to enroll.

Bring documentation of when you lost your last job and the steps you've taken to try and find a new one. i.e. go through your email and make a log of every resume you've sent off or interview you've attended. What's the scale of the amount you need to pay?  Do you have any assets you can sell to make the last payment? If you've had no problems at all with your probation up until this point, I've got no reason to believe that the court won't grant you an extension or waive some of the fees. Just go in there and explain what happened and you should be fine.  Looks like you will need to apply for an extension. You haven't been able to find a job in over 3 months?