I am graduating from university in December and accepted a job offer that starts end of January 2019, from an aerospace company office located in Washington DC, USA. The company itself is headquartered in Luxembourg. The company recently emailed me to tell me that "the title offered to you in October, does not correctly align with our title structures set in place for our employees." it continues with "I am writing to inform you that we will be changing your title originally offered as "Senior Specialist" to the new aligned role "Junior specialist." and "there are no other changes being made to your original offer." 

&amp;#x200B;

This seems to me to be in bad faith, since the company should be legally obligated to uphold their end of the employment contract. They can't renegotiate a contract that was already signed and accepted by both parties months prior. I turned down several higher salary offers from other companies in part due to this more senior title and the career advancement opportunities associated with it. I believe many different departments (including HR and Legal) had ample opportunity to review all the details of the associated employment documents over the last several months. I already passed a drug screen and employee background check in order to accept this position. 

&amp;#x200B;

I am worried this change will delay further career advancement and future higher pay benefits associated with title upgrades from promotions. 

&amp;#x200B;

Is this legal conduct for a company to do? What are my options in this case?  The odds of this being a bonafide employment contract are next to zero. Unless you had an agreement that said your terms of employment could not be changed, except for cause, you are going to be an at will employee. That means you can quit whenever you want without legal consequence. The flip side is your employer can change the terms of your employment at will so long as the reason isn’t membership in a protected class. A decision to reclassify employees with your experience and skill set is not a protected class. Moreover, you have no quantifiable financial loss due to the change in title, all you have is speculation about what it might mean in the future. You have no case here, your future employer has done nothing illegal. Advancement and pay increases could be better in the future.

Work your ass off and make great decisions 

If things don't work out,jump ship If you have a bonafide employment contract, then you should have a lawyer review your contract. &gt;  They can't renegotiate a contract 

Is this actually a bona fide, binding, employment contract?  Or just a job offer letter, where you sign to indicate acceptance? It's a title change, and you'll learn in many cases as you go on in your career that titles don't mean much. Every firm today has their own structure; a senior associate at one company could do the same as an analyst at another. This is legal and you don't have any options. 

If you were strictly searching for a career based off what the title was, and not your actual responsibilities and duties, that's bad practice going forward. If your duties haven't changed then this isn't going to affect you nearly as much as you think.