I live in Colorado and am soon to be 16. I am desperately in need of a new phone but my parents say the only reason I have a phone is to call and text them. They don't want to let me buy myself a phone even with my own money. Can they legally prevent me from buying something with my own money? The problem is they won't allow me to buy a android or apple device regardless of what it is. I've flashed every single rom I can find for this phone, and even attempted making my own. It is the phone itself. Thanks for the advice though. Have you tried resetting the device yet?  Sometimes removing the bloat and other unwanted junk will reduce the drain.  Good luck. Believe me Ik. At this point I have spent 40 bucks on new batteries. Every week or two they start not charging. At this point it is more cost effective to get a new phone. I am sick of buying new batteries and they know this. New batteries for S4s are pretty cheap. The phone I am looking at is even cheaper than the G6. I literally just need something that allows me to communicate without needing a charge every 10 minutes. And I have tried the diary idea. They don't believe me, even when they put a monitoring program on my phone they believe I am doing something else.  I can see why they believe I could get around their program, but I really can't. Their entire reasoning for not wanting me to have a phone is just some bs they made up.   Generally speaking, anything owned by a person under 18 and living at home is co-owned by their parents. That applies even if you buy it with "your own money". Before you think this is unfair, keep in mind that they are paying for your food, your house, your clothes, etc. They are responsible for you legally, financially, and morally.

Now, if you want to go about this in a responsible manner and try to talk them in to letting you get a new phone, I've a suggestion. For the next week or two, keep a diary of you uses of the phone. Every call or text you make or receive, every other thing you do with the phone, and every problem you have. Then, after doing this sit down with your parents and show them the diary. You may also want to suggest a new phone is simpler than what you currently want. Sure it would be nice to get a new Galaxy s8 or s9, but could you get by with a Motorola g6?

Showing your parents that you're willing to compromise makes it more likely you can have something. If you don't need phone service buy a small tablet. A tablet can do those things just fine. I don't necessarily need a plan. I am on WiFi so often that I don't need a phone plan. In order to text them I use either Google Allo or Whatsapp.  They can take it away from you if you buy it. In this situation you have nill legal power  Even if you buy the phone, they don't have to allow it on their plan. You being a minor will not be able to get your own phone plan. Yes. And if you buy one anyway they can take it away from you. Your parents are allowed to parent you.