 Typical dysfunctional relationship that I won’t even bother getting into. For reference I’m 20 and he is 26. Today I tried getting the rest of my belongings from his house. He refused to let me in and started throwing my things out the window. I kept knocking on the door to let me to rather than him throwing my clothes/lotion/soap/everything out the literal window which infuriated him. He then opened the door and pushed me onto the ground towards the railing of the deck. He then full forced kicked me while I was down which I was able to slightly roll away from by a split second so most of the force got the meat of my backside. It stunned me so badly that it took me about 2 full minutes to recover and be able to even get up. It hurts beyond hell now and it feels like my hip is slightly fucked too. I’m so tired of this and I know I need to leave. This wasn’t the first time and I know it’s not ok. Tonight really scared me and I don’t know what to do. His Dad was a lawyer who used to have a firm back in the day (he used this as a scare tactic) but he is gone now survived by a few lawyer relatives. I have about 35 photos of my bruised body from the last few months but that’s really all I have. Do I even bother doing anything I’m just really lost and scared I’m sorry if I sound stupid or all over the place :/  Just to be clear, if he were to face repercussions for his abusive behavior it would not be you who jeopardized his career. He is the only person responsible for his actions, and for the consequences that come after those actions. Your responsibility lies with yourself, taking care of yourself, and finding the self worth to remove (and to maintain the removal) yourself from an abusive situation. Go to the police if you ha e been physically assaulted. Answer their questions truthfully and fully. Let them do their job.  Should I go to the hospital or doctor? And how do I go about filing a police report? Should I just go to the police station after I get medically checked? Will they try to arrest him? I’m honestly really scared to jeopardize his career because I’m pretty sure if he got charged that would be a direct violation of FINRA rules. (He works in finance) And I don’t know what he would be capable of if that got taken away from him  That's battery. You need to file a police report and seek medical attention, hip injuries are nothing to fuck with. His relatives can't just decide he won't be charged with a crime, their involvement would negatively impact their careers as well. 