Our upstairs neighbor is a nightmare. We are 6 students living in a 3 bedroom condo in our college town. Although this is a lot of people, the city that we live in is extremely expensive for students and we're not over the limit of people that can be in the unit. Although we've done everything we can to appease our upstairs neighbor (keeping it down after 10 PM, not having guests over, etc) we have been constantly texted and reported on by the upstairs neighbor. It seems like no matter how quiet and considerate we are, there's something we're doing wrong. Some of the more notable events with him (this has all been in the span of 6 months):

Event 1:
When we first moved in, our roommate had some family members stay over for one night while helping him move. The next week, our landlord received a notice from the HOA that they received a report that we had over 13 people living in the unit and that we were running a hostel. The letter from the HOA stated that although there were no laws, the standard occupancy was "2 people/bedroom + 1". We explained to our landlord the situation and didn't hear about it again. There's nothing in the HOA rules that specifies occupancy limits, or having guests over either.

Event 2:
We texted our upstairs neighbor as a courtesy to let him know that we would be having some friends over (NOT A PARTY). He flipped out and said that if we had a party or made noise after 10 PM, he would report us to the HOA, call the police, call the landlord, etc. A few minutes later, our landlord texted us and said that if we got a noise violation, she would be passing it on to us - so he texted her minutes after we originally contacted him. We ended up not having anyone over because we didn't want to deal with it.

Event 3:
A few weeks ago, a roommate had his sister stay over while visiting. Our upstairs neighbor texted us and asked if a new tenant was moving in (literally the minute she walked in the door) and then told us that the occupancy standard in San Diego is 2 people per bedroom and that we were violating that, so we're not allowed to have guests over (???). 


After this, we received a notice from the city that we were reported for running a ["mini-dorm"](http://web.sdcaa.com/external/wcpages/wcmedia/documents/White%20Papers/Mini-dormsFACTSHEET.pdf) and that they would need to come inspect the unit. The city inspector just took some pictures and said that this was a civil dispute and left. I don't believe that we classify as being a mini-dorm since we all fall under one lease, but we won't be sure until we hear back from the city. 


My question is what do we do now? We're all tired of constantly having to be in check with this guy. Our landlord is super hands off and doesn't give a shit, so we can't rely on her for help. We were thinking of turning to the HOA but given that our neighbor used to be on the board, and we're not a "single-family" unit, I don't think they would be much help. Can we file for harassment if we continue to be falsely reported? It makes me uncomfortable thinking that he's up there watching our every movement. We have an appointment with our student legal services office in the meantime.


TLDR: upstairs neighbor constantly telling us what we can and can't do, sending false reports to HOA/city officials. Now we're being accused of running a "mini-dorm" because someone's sister slept over. I wouldn’t worry about it. They can’t prove it. If you get some kind of inspection and they ask you just say oh we had someone over late but they didn’t stay over. No way to provide it unless you have someone over for a night or two. I would look up the actual law because residents are not guests but either way they can’t do anything. You don’t answer to them and shouldn’t engage with them ever. Sorry about that! The neighbor is the one saying that we can't have more than 6 people in the unit (so no guests)  The neighbor is saying you can’t overnight guests right? Or the landlord. Sorry can’t tell off the wording. Would it be possible to get someone from the school to stay in your room with you one night while you go about your normal business, and then they will see he’s just complaining over nothing? 

Not sure if it’s possible, but it could work. Thanks, I saw this as well when I was researching initially but since they're from 2012 I wasn't sure if it was out of date. I just tried calling the San Diego housing commission to get information about what the standard occupancy was and was transferred to an extension that was just a recording of a guy talking about how to get section 8 housing on a loop. I guess I'll bring it up with Student Legal Services and see if they can help. Probably no legal basis. They're probably going off of a cursory look at [these slides](http://www.sdhc.org/uploadedFiles/Library/Fair_Housing/final_LMT_Principles%20of%20Fair%20Housing%20SDHC%20template%20Final.pdf), which on slide #24 says:

* Maximum number of residents based on the Housing Quality
 Standards (HQS)
* Two persons per living/sleeping room

But this is just a limit your landlord *could have* set on your lease, not something that all housing must abide by. Presumably your lease itself sets no occupancy limits either, so there's nothing binding here. Thanks for your reply. I know our landlord doesn't care, but he's claiming that since we already have 6 people in the unit, we can't have any overnight guests:

&gt;For a 3 bedroom unit, this is above the number allowed by the city

We have yet to find anything from the city that says anything about this, so we're not sure what he's saying has any legal basis.  Thank you, you're absolutely right. We knew the people who lived here before us (also students) and they let us know that he would come down every night at 10 PM and tell them to be quiet. They were super loud people though so we thought we would be fine if we were cordial with him, but obviously that's not the case. They were only 5 people though so they never dealt with him saying they couldn't have people over. Thanks, currently that's what we're trying to do. Unfortunately the city inspector didn't have much information to give us. We've been researching online to find the exact laws/regulations so that we would have something to reference the next time this happens but we haven't been able to find anything unfortunately. We have the HOA rules that our landlord sent us but I think they're outdated. Our next step is to contact the HOA to make sure we have the most up to date rules/ Thank you for your suggestion. We were thinking of just asking for information about what constitutes harassment before sending any identifying information, although I agree that having that paper trail would be useful. At the very least, send a letter detailing all of this and stating that your neighbor is harassing you to the HOA. You have witnesses that can attest to the fact that you all are getting harassing messages every time you have even a single guest over, tell the HOA you can provide copies if they would like. Hopefully this is a reasonable HOA and they at least question her for more details before taking her complaints seriously.  Hi OP, I'm in San Diego and my youngest is living up going north by a beach going to college and she's renting with 4 others in a 3 bedroom with an HOA too. It's so expensive where she's at too, but there's no upstairs neighbors for them. But you are letting this upstairs person run the show and stop letting him do it! So far with the first event the landlord realized the situation after you explained it so the only one complaining is upstairs. I think yes your every move is being watched who comes and goes and the threat of the HOA is what upstairs is using to harass you all and you aren't doing anything wrong except living underneath this maniac. The mini dorm problem didn't pan out, the city saw it wasn't I'd be surprised if they come back. As long as you all have your rent paid and you should have the HOA rules/bylaws so read up on them and if you all aren't breaking those then don't answer the upstairs calls or pay him no mind. Go see student legal services too, that's a great idea. Also having an overnight guest is not against the law here, I do believe (you should double check your lease tho) if you are planning on having someone stay for more than 3 days in a row then you should tell your landlord beforehand and inform her of the length of the visit.  [deleted] If your landlord doesn’t cares then don’t worry about it. Live your life and block your neighbors number. Follow the law and your lease of course but otherwise give 100% less fucks. Have people over if you’re not violating any noise ordinances. Ignore his texts. Let the appropriate people handle the complaints. By answering him you are letting him get what he wants: you’re scared to have guests over and he gets to have control. Thank you for this. I will bring up drafting a cease and desist at my meeting with my student legal services group.  It's harassment whether he thinks it's true or not (and he clearly does not given the timeframes of his "reports").

The fact that he USED to be on the HOA board and no longer is is very telling, frankly. Folks like him don't let go of that kind of power easily, meaning he was likely removed from the board. I don't think you have anything to worry about.

Remove him from the group text and block his number. Thanks for your suggestion. I was also thinking this route but I'm worried if this counts as harassment or not if he believes it to be true? Even though there's nothing specific in the HOA rules, he used to be on the board. I'm worried about sending a cease and desist and then have him blow up and we get pegged on some bullshit HOA technicality, if that makes sense.


If he texts us do we just ignore him? We're all in a group chat that we set up at the beginning of the year so that he can text us if we get too loud. &gt;My question is what do we do now?

Stop checking in with your neighbor. You're being harassed. You have the right to quiet enjoyment of your residence, and your neighbor does not get to change that no matter what he does. I suggest having an attorney write up a cease-and-desist letter. They have no legal weight, but are often enough to scare someone into shutting up.

&gt;The city inspector just took some pictures and said that this was a civil dispute and left. I don't believe that we classify as being a mini-dorm since we all fall under one lease, but we won't be sure until we hear back from the city.

The inspector just told you that you won't be hearing back. "This is a civil issue" means "this is not our problem to deal with."

