He calls drunk and belligerent. If the kids don't pick up, he calls me and demands to know why. If he finds out they have a sleepover, he argues with me. If he finds out I go out and have a babysitter, he argues with me. He was verbally abusive to me, part of the reason we are divorced. He makes comments about their appearance, (clothes, hair, weight, etc.) If there is a gathering of some sort while he has them, he makes my teen watch my youngest, while he socializes. The list goes on. He calls to insult me, harass me. He has also verbally threatened to take my kids once in the past month, and twice made reference that the kids would be better off with him. (Which would never win in court anyway) 

The divorce papers say he is entitled to alternating weekends, with sleep overs, and 2 weeks vacation in the summer. I have primary physical and joint legal. My teenager has said for a while she doesnt really enjoy going with him, but she does it because she feels bad for her brother. He doesn't know any better. I've always tried to not make him the bad one in front of them, but his drinking is getting worse, and I'm tired of hiding his dark side. I've also been a little lenient in letting him have them almost every weekend for one day,  because I never wanted to keep the kids from him or use them to hold over his head. 

My teen is old enough and knows his issue, but my son does not. I know she doesn't have to go if she doesn't want to, but what then do I do about my son to ensure that he is safe? None of the verbal abuse or alcoholism was documented in the divorce, as it never went to trial and we negotiated/settled (I got fucked over) before it would go to trial. It's been 2.5 years that the divorce was finalized. I live in a state where no judge gives a shit about why you're really getting divorced. (No fault) 

I suspect (and know) that most of these interactions are done when he is drunk, then he stops for a week or two, then starts again. We had no contact for 9 months from September 2017 to about June 2018. Then he has slowly staryed calling every now and then to conplain about ANYTHING. 

Also, the police have never been called,  I've never filed harassment charges. 

I haven't done any of that, because quite frankly, I've not had the patience or nerve, but I dont know if that's the route I have to take things now. 

Any advice?  Text him that his repeated drunken phone calls are abusive and harassing to both yourself and the children.  He is now limited to only texting you and you will not respond unless his text is about the children.  You will not speak to him on the phone any more.  He may only call the children between the times of ___ and ___, (example 7 pm and 8 pm).  Pick a time that is convenient and when he is more likely to be sober.  

Stop giving him extra time with the kids that is not in the parenting time order.  He can use that against you in court to get an order increasing his parenting time.

&gt;If he finds out they have a sleepover, he argues with me. If he finds out I go out and have a babysitter, he argues with me.

Respond only by text, "My house.  My rules."  Or don't respond at all if you don't feel like it.  He doesn't get to dictate what happens at your house as long as the children are safe and not neglected.  

 There is nothing at all about him or I contacting the kids during our respective times. 

I thought I was doing the "right" thing by allowing them contact.  What does the court order say about his right to call the kids during your parenting time?  